Deutsche Bank

Annual Report
2024

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Deutsche Bank
Financial Summary
2024

2023

4.7%
5.8%
76.3%
13.8%

7.4%
6.6%
75.1%
13.7%

Statement of Income
Total net revenues, in € bn
Provision for credit losses, in € bn
Noninterest expenses, in € bn
Nonoperating costs, in € bn
Adjusted costs, in € bn4
Pre-provision profit, in € bn5
Profit (loss) before tax, in € bn
Profit (loss), in € bn
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders, in € bn

30.1
1.8
23.0
2.6
20.4
7.1
5.3
3.5
2.7

28.9
1.5
21.7
1.1
20.6
7.2
5.7
4.9
4.2

Balance Sheet6
Total assets, in € bn
Net assets (adjusted), in € bn4
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses), in € bn
Average loans (gross of allowance for loan losses), in € bn
Deposits, in € bn
Allowance for loan losses, in € bn
Shareholders’ equity, in € bn
Sustainable finance volume (per year), in € bn7

1,387
1,083
485
479
666
5.7
66
93

1,312
1,029
479
483
622
5.2
64
64

Resources6
Risk-weighted assets, in € bn
of which: operational risk RWA, in € bn
Leverage exposure, in € bn
Tangible shareholders' equity (tangible book value), in € bn4
High-quality liquid assets (HQLA), in € bn
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Branches

357
58
1,316
59
226
89,753
1,307

350
57
1,240
58
219
90,130
1,432

Ratios
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity1
Provision for credit losses as bps of average loans
Operating leverage8
Net interest margin
Loan-to-deposit ratio
Leverage ratio
Liquidity coverage ratio

4.2%
38.2
(1.7)%
1.3%
72.7%
4.6%
131%

6.7%
31.1
(0.3)%
1.4%
77.0%
4.5%
140%

Share-related information
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Book value per basic share outstanding4
Tangible book value per basic share outstanding4
Dividend per share (with respect to previous financial year)

€ 1.40
€ 1.37
€ 33.41
€ 29.90
€ 0.45

€ 2.07
€ 2.03
€ 31.64
€ 28.41
€ 0.30

Group targets
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders' equity1
Compound annual growth rate of revenues from 20212
Cost/income ratio3
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio

Based on profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders after AT1 coupon; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited):
Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report
Twelve months period until the end of the respective reporting period compared to full year 2021
3
Total noninterest expenses as a percentage of net interest income before provision for credit losses, plus noninterest income
4
For further information please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report
5
Defined as net revenues less noninterest expenses
6
At period end
7
Sustainable financing and ESG investment activities are defined in the “Sustainable Finance Framework” and “Deutsche Bank ESG Investments Framework” which are
available at investor-relations.db.com; in cases where validation against the Frameworks cannot be completed before the end of the reporting quarter, volumes are
disclosed upon completion of the validation in subsequent quarters
8
Operating leverage is calculated as the difference between year-on-year change in percentages of reported net revenues and year-on-year change in percentages of
reported noninterest expense
1

2

Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this document may not sum precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute
figures

Content
Deutsche Bank Group

3 — Compensation Report

I
V
VI
VIII
XVIII
XIX

562
588
593

XX

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer
Management Board
Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory Board
Report of the Supervisory Board
Supervisory Board
Committees
Strategy

1 — Combined Management Report
2
38
44
59
190
368
370
372
376
377

Operating and financial review
Outlook
Risks and Opportunities
Risk Report
Sustainibility Statement
Employees
Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Information pursuant to Section 315a (1) of the
German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to Sections
289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code
Standalone parent company information (HGB)

596
598

Compensation of the Management Board
Compensation of Supervisory Board members
Comparative presentation of compensation
and earnings trends
Independent auditor’s report
Compensation of the employees (unaudited)

4 — Corporate Governance Statement
according to Sections 289f and
315d of the German Commercial
Code
613
615
621
636
637

Compliance with the German Corporate
Governance Code
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Related Party Transactions
Principal accountant fees and services

5 — Article 8 Tables
639

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8
of the Taxonomy Regulation

2 — Consolidated Financial Statements
386
387
388
389
390
392
431
438
491
548

Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated statement of changes inequity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Notes to the consolidated income statement
Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
Additional Notes
Confirmations

6 — Supplementary Information
(Unaudited)
695
702
703
704

Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Declaration of Backing
Group Five-Year Record
Imprint/Publications

Deutsche Bank
Group

I

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer

V

Management Board

VI

Letter from the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board

VIII

Report of the Supervisory Board

XVIII Supervisory Board
XIX

Committees

XX

Strategy

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders,
Once again, we look back on another eventful year – and once again we can say at the end of the year that Deutsche Bank
successfully mastered these challenges. We showed resilience in 2024 when we faced unexpected headwinds. We clearly
demonstrated the operational strength of our bank, reported the highest revenues since 2015 and continued to invest,
thereby laying the groundwork for continued growth along this trajectory in the years to come.
In support of this, across the entire bank, we reflected last year in depth on who we are, what we want to achieve for our
clients and our shareholders and how to get there. We defined a common identity, we gave thought to the kind of culture
we strive for in order to be able to excel together every day; and we formulated our purpose that commits everyone in the
bank to the lasting success and financial security of our clients at home and abroad. This purpose underpins what we want
to stand for as a Global Hausbank: we want to place our clients firmly at the centre of all we do and engage with them in
lasting, trusting partnerships in which we both grow and develop.
We are convinced that our expertise and our solutions will be highly sought after in the current difficult geopolitical and
economic environment. This was already clear in 2024 and is reflected in our revenue growth: year on year, revenues were
up 4% to € 30.1 billion. That is the fifth annual increase in a row. We grew faster than the market in key areas, gaining market
share. And we are seeing our targeted investments in our core strengths paying off more and more.
Our operational strength is also reflected in our full-year profit. Compared to 2023, pre-tax profit fell by 7% to € 5.3 billion.
However, if you exclude costs that are not directly related to business operations, profit before tax rose to € 7.9 billion.
The considerable increase in nonoperating costs, which – at € 2.6 billion – more than doubled compared to 2023, was
mainly due to roughly € 2 billion in litigation costs, which we absorbed in 2024. The consequence was an overall 6% yearon-year increase in noninterest expenses to € 23 billion.
This should not obscure our continued discipline when it comes to expenses. Adjusted costs for the full year were 1% lower
than in the previous year, despite persistent inflation and some specific items in the fourth quarter of last year, and despite
our investments in our business and controls. In 2024, we hired 1,300 technology specialists and added 400 targeted client
facing roles, supporting cost improvement and growth. We also invested a further € 1.2 billion in controls, taking the total
since 2019 to more than € 6.5 billion.
Our capital position was also strong in 2024, with our CET1 ratio at the end of last year at 13.8% despite legal cases over
the course of the year weighing on it. That is also excellent news for you, our shareholders, as it gives us scope to increase
our distributions to you as planned. We will propose a dividend of 68 cents per share to the Annual General Meeting on
May 22, 2025. This is, as promised, a 50% increase on last year. Furthermore, we are buying back additional shares worth
€ 750 million. Taken together, we intend to initially distribute € 2.1 billion in 2025. And we will look to do even more for
you consistent with our performance. We have our sights firmly set on our commitment to distribute a total of at least
€ 8 billion for the five-year period 2021 to 2025 and are confident that we will exceed this target.

I

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer

Growth in the business divisions in 2024
A glance at our business divisions shows that our operational strength is very solid and broad-based. Once again, 2024 saw
each of our four businesses contributing a significant share of the bank’s revenues, with around three quarters coming from
more predictable business areas. In a stabilizing interest rate environment, we further reduced our dependence on interest
income. Net interest income accounts for only 43% of the bank’s total revenues, which is exactly how we planned it.
Specifically, the four businesses developed as follows:
In the Corporate Bank, revenues fell by 3% to € 7.5 billion but remained at a very high level after an increase of more than
20% in the previous year. As expected, deposit margins normalized in the wake of the changed interest rate environment.
However, the division was able to largely offset this through annual growth of 5% in net commissions and fee income, and
by increasing deposit volumes by 8%.
The Investment Bank's revenues rose 15% to € 10.6 billion in 2024. One driving factor here was the 9% increase in revenues
in our Fixed Income & Currencies (FIC) business. Our strategic investments in recent years paid off here, as well as in the
Origination & Advisory business, where revenues were 61% higher than in the previous year.
Despite the stabilization in the interest rate environment, revenues in our Private Bank fell only slightly year on year to
€ 9.4 billion. Net interest income decreased by 6%, partially offset by growth in deposit revenues in Personal Banking.
Assets under management rose by € 55 billion to € 633 billion in 2024 – their highest ever – with net inflows of € 29 billion
being a key driver. We have thus laid a strong foundation for additional revenues in the future.
The same is true for Asset Management, where revenues increased by 11% to € 2.6 billion in 2024. Assets under
management grew by € 115 billion, exceeding € 1 trillion for the first time. This included net inflows of € 26 billion, notably
thanks to our growing business with passive investment products (X-trackers). Overall, management fees increased by 7%
to € 2.5 billion, while performance and transaction fees rose by 16% to € 148 million.

Sustainability remains a top management priority
A focus in all four businesses in 2024 was once again our intensive dialogue with clients on their transition to a more
sustainable business. It is undisputed that transforming the global economy in this way requires massive investments – not
only because we have to combat climate change, but also because companies and financial service providers must protect
their own business models from risks associated with the anticipated rise in global temperatures. That is why sustainability
remains a top management priority for us at Deutsche Bank. We continue to pursue our sustainability goals and our netzero commitment.
2024 was a particularly good year for us from a sustainability perspective. We facilitated € 93 billion in sustainable
financing and ESG investment volumes, the second-highest volume since we started measuring in 2020. At the same time,
we have refined our approach to reducing the emissions we finance with our corporate loans. We have defined net-zero
targets for eight carbon-intensive industries in the bank’s corporate loan book by the end of 2050. The most recent addition
was the aviation industry.
Our progress not only in the area of the environment, but also in terms of social performance indicators and corporate
governance was recognized by five leading agencies during the year. For example, our Corporate Sustainability
Assessment from S&P Global Sustainable scored 67 out of 100 points, up from 54 in the previous year. In addition,
Deutsche Bank returned to the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) World and DJSI Europe at the end of
December.

II

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer

Fighting financial crime is becoming increasingly urgent
Climate risks are just one kind of a number of non-financial risks that our bank must manage. Another is the continuously
growing threat from financial criminals. To counter these threats, we must continuously expand our expertise in the fight
against financial crime and constantly improve our defense systems and controls.
Over the past year, we have again made significant progress in this area and are in close dialogue with our regulators to
remediate any remaining shortcomings. Deutsche Bank's senior leadership team is devoting its utmost attention to this
task.
In order to prevent misconduct and avert threats from criminals, the expertise and cooperation of all colleagues at
Deutsche Bank is crucial. That is why we invest not only in systems, but also in regular learning opportunities for staff. With
activities in almost 60 countries, we employ people with a whole range of different profiles, backgrounds and skills – to
our bank’s advantage.
This diversity benefits us in many areas of our business. That is why we remain committed to a fair and inclusive workplace.
Of course, we will also make sure to always act in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations all over the world and
take into consideration how they evolve.
It is our outstanding employees that make our bank successful, today and in the future. That is why we invest in their
education and training and in a working environment that motivates them to perform at their best. Together, we are all
working towards being the bank we want to be and achieving the goal we are all aiming for: to be the European champion
and first choice for our clients.

Outlook: ideally positioned for future success – in 2025 and beyond
We have the prerequisites to achieve this goal. In a geopolitical environment that is likely to remain volatile and
characterized by conflicts for some time to come, we can play to our strengths as a Global Hausbank. And with the
successful work in the transition year of 2024, in which we put significant legacy issues behind us and made our bank even
more robust, we have started 2025 in a position of strength.
This is a crucial milestone on our path. At the end of the year, we will be judged by whether we have been successful with
our transformation and growth strategy. The key measure of this is our return on tangible equity, and we are convinced
that we will increase this to over 10% this year, as planned, by increasing revenues to around € 32 billion and maintaining
our cost discipline. We expect our nonoperating costs to be significantly lower in 2025. We intend to keep adjusted costs
essentially stable at the prior-year level by financing further investments in our business through our announced efficiency
measures. And while we now target a slightly higher cost/income ratio of below 65% at the end of this year, our focus on
cost control remains undiminished.
That said, 2025 is not just the year in which we must prove ourselves. It is also the year in which we want to lay the
foundations for realizing our ambitions in the years to come – in terms of revenues, profits, distributions to our shareholders
and, above all, in terms of the strength and quality of our client offering.

III

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Letter from the Chief Executive Officer

We are convinced that from our position we can achieve much more if we further sharpen our business profile and carry
on working on becoming more efficient. Two aspects are in special focus:
– We will continue to optimize our operating model and organizational structures, to make our processes, decisionmaking and controls even more efficient, while at the same time offering our clients an even better banking experience.
Technologies such as artificial intelligence and automation can play an important role if we adapt them even faster and
use them to create innovative products for our clients. In addition, as a result of the successful transformation of recent
years, our bank has now reached a level of maturity that allows us to hand over more responsibility to the businesses.
This is something else that will make us more efficient.
– In the future, we will allocate capital in precisely those areas where it creates the greatest value. We are already
generating very good returns in many areas of our bank. However, scope exists for us to continue to sharpen our focus
on our strengths while at the same time assessing even more rigorously whether it makes sense to redistribute parts of
the capital invested or even give up one or the other area to make better use of our resources elsewhere. This will involve
evaluating all businesses and all teams more consistently and measuring them by the Shareholder Value Add they
create.
The Management Board has a clear agenda, and we have already started taking measures to implement it and better exploit
our great potential in the future. We can further improve our client offering and create additional revenue opportunities.
In combination with further efficiency gains, this creates the scope for a return on tangible equity that clearly exceeds the
2025 target of more than 10%. This will enable us to continually increase distributions and make our shares more attractive
to investors.
We are determined to seize these opportunities: for our clients, for our employees and for you, our shareholders. This is
what we do every day – with deep dedication.

Thank you for placing your trust in Deutsche Bank.
Kind regards,

Christian Sewing

IV

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board

Management Board
Christian Sewing, *1970

Management Board in the reporting year:

since January 1, 2015
Chief Executive Officer

Christian Sewing
Chief Executive Officer

James von Moltke *1969
since July 1, 2017
President
Chief Financial Officer and
responsible for the Asset Management

James von Moltke
President
Fabrizio Campelli
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani
(since July 1, 2024)

Fabrizio Campelli, *1973

Claudio de Sanctis

since November 1, 2019
Head of Corporate Bank and Investment Bank

Rebecca Short

Bernd Leukert, *1967
since January 1, 2020
Chief Technology, Data and Innovation Officer

Alexander von zur Mühlen, *1975
since August 1, 2020
Chief Executive Officer Asia-Pacific, Europe,
Middle East & Africa (EMEA) and Germany

Laura Padovani, *1966
since July 1, 2024
Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime Officer

Claudio de Sanctis, *1972
since July 1, 2023
Head of Private Bank

Rebecca Short, *1974
since May 1, 2021
Chief Operating Officer

Stefan Simon, *1969
since August 1, 2020
Chief Administrative Officer and
Head of the Americas (until June 30, 2024)
Chief Executive Officer Americas and
Chief Legal Officer (since July 1, 2024)

Olivier Vigneron *1971
since May 20, 2022
Chief Risk Officer

Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory Board

Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory Board
Dear Shareholders,
Last year, Deutsche Bank continued to make solid progress in an uncertain and volatile environment. We achieved strong
operating results and important strategic milestones. As a result of the continued positive momentum in all four
businesses, revenues exceeded € 30 billion. We have built strong positions in the business segments on which we focus,
giving us a strong basis for further growth. Our clients value the advice and solutions that we offer them as a Global
Hausbank, at home and abroad.
As a Supervisory Board, we have closely monitored the development of the Bank and worked with the Management Board
on key issues including capital allocation, management of financial and non-financial risks and efficiency measures. We
paid particular attention to sustainably strengthening profitability to achieve the Bank's growth targets. We also had to
deal with litigation costs of almost € 2 billion, contributing to an extraordinarily high level of non-operating costs; at the
same time this means that the bank has significantly improved its risk profile.
A significant milestone was the rollout of our framework "This is Deutsche Bank", including a clear purpose which
underlines that clients’ lasting success and financial security are always at the center of everything we do. The framework
covers our entire strategy and our aspirational corporate culture and underlines our ambition to be a reliable partner who
offers our clients tailor-made solutions for the challenges they face. The Supervisory Board has been closely involved in
this process and will continue to be as we further anchor our purpose and culture in the day-to-day work of our employees
and the strategic development of the bank. We are convinced this is the best way to create sustainable value for you, our
shareholders.
An even stronger focus on continued success is also reflected in the new compensation system for the Management Board,
which was backed by a large majority of the Annual General Meeting last year and was applied for the first time in 2024.
The number of targets and metrics has been significantly reduced, and the long-term component of variable compensation
will no longer be measured by the results of previous years; instead, the new system looks forward, at how performance
against both financial and ESG goals develops over the next three years. At the same time, we have made the system more
transparent and simpler, especially when it comes to short-term goals. Applying the new remuneration system for the first
time this year proves that it leads to good results.
The Supervisory Board also decided on two changes to the Management Board last year. In July, Laura Padovani was
appointed as the new Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime Officer in order to continue to develop the bank's
controls, which have already been strengthened in recent years. In December, we appointed Marcus Chromik as the new
Chief Risk Officer, succeeding Olivier Vigneron whose contract expires in May 2025. We pay attention to the right
combination of knowledge, skills and experience among the board members. At the same time, the Supervisory Board is
actively working to create a diverse Management Board in terms of gender, nationality, age and background. It is
particularly important to us to increase the share of women in leadership positions, both on the Management Board and at
the levels below, whilst ensuring compliance with the laws and regulations in all of the markets in which we operate.
Decisive progress has also been made in the areas of digitalization and regulatory requirements, which the Supervisory
Board has supported as part of its mandate. The bank has continued to advance its IT modernization, both to increase
efficiency and security, and to adapt to new or growing cybersecurity threats. At the same time, new regulatory
requirements were successfully implemented. In our Strategy and Sustainability Committee, we focused on strategic
progress and the bank's sustainability strategy, which remains an important element of our business model.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues on the Supervisory Board for their commitment and
professional cooperation, especially my deputies Frank Schulze and Norbert Winkeljohann. Last year, there was only one
change in our Supervisory Board: in January 2024, Birgit Laumen resigned from her mandate, whereupon Florian
Haggenmiller was appointed by the court as her successor. We will inform you about the upcoming elections for
shareholder representatives this year when we publish the agenda for our Annual General Meeting. Like many other
companies in the German DAX index, we will hold the latter virtually again this year; this will give as many shareholders as
possible the opportunity to participate, regardless of their location. In response to shareholders’ requests, we have
amended the virtual format of the AGM, allowing all questions to be asked live during the event. Further details will follow
when the Annual General Meeting is officially convened.

VI

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Letter from the Chairman of the Supervisory Board

The year 2025 is of particular importance for Deutsche Bank. On the one hand, it is about achieving the financial goals that
the Management Board has set itself. On the other, as already announced, it is important to set the course for the next
phase in the bank's further development. The Management Board is already working on this and will present further details
in the course of the year. Closely accompanying this process will also be a priority for us on the Supervisory Board. Our
focus is on how the bank can create even more value for its clients in order to ensure sustainable success for you as our
shareholders. Deutsche Bank is on the right track and has the potential to achieve much more in the coming years.
I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your trust, your support and your continued interest in our bank. Your
commitment is very important to us. We look forward to continuing our dialogue and following the further development
of our bank together with you.

Yours sincerely,

Alex Wynaendts
Chairman of the Supervisory Board

VII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

Report of the Supervisory Board
In the 2024 financial year, the Supervisory Board performed all the tasks assigned to it by law and regulatory requirements
as well as those pursuant to the Articles of Association and Terms of Reference.
The Management Board informed us regularly, without delay and comprehensively of all matters with relevance for our
bank, and in particular regarding business policies and strategy, in addition to fundamental issues relating to the company’s
management and culture, corporate planning and control, compliance and compensation systems, cybersecurity as well
as sustainability-related topics. It reported to us on the financial development, earnings and risk situation, the bank’s
liquidity, capital and risk management, the technical and organizational resources as well as business transactions and
events that were of significant importance to the bank. We were involved in decisions of fundamental importance to the
bank. As in previous years, the Management Board provided us, in accordance with our requests, with enhanced reporting
on several topic areas, for example: The strategic development, the combating of financial crime and the ongoing
development of the related controls, the bank’s capitalization, the progress in remediating regulatory enforcement actions
and the related critical findings, as well as important interactions with various regulators. The Management Board reported
to us on the sustainability strategy and reporting pursuant to the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) as
well as progress on the transitional plan for the loan book for CO2-intensive sectors. Non-financial risks and opportunities
were also covered.
In addition to regulatory issues, the Supervisory Board continued to focus on the Private Bank, in particular with regard to
its progress on and measures to improve the customer service. Furthermore, promoting a diverse Management Board and
workforce was very important to the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board regrets the unexpected and unfavorable
development of the litigation in the legacy Postbank takeover matter dating back to 2010. The negative decision of the
Higher Regional Court of Cologne resulted in significant, unforeseen litigation costs in 2024. The Supervisory Board
acknowledges the dedication and efforts of the current Management Board in achieving a meaningful settlement of these
legal disputes with many plaintiffs, thereby mitigating the impact of this legacy matter on the financial results.
The Supervisory Board Chairman and the committee chairs regularly had discussions with the Management Board between
the meetings. They also consulted each other on the meeting agendas for the respective committees they chair and
discussed topics of overarching importance for the Supervisory Board. Furthermore, upcoming decisions were deliberated
on and prepared in discussions conducted regularly between the Management Board and the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board as well as the chairs of the Supervisory Board committees. In addition, the Management Board invited us to an
information event on current topics. Characteristic for our cooperation with the Management Board was our focus on
working together responsibly in a spirit of mutual trust for the successful further development of the company.
There were a total of 55 meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees. These were conducted as meetings with
physical attendance, as video conferences or as hybrid meetings (with both on-site and virtual participation). When
meetings were convened as video conferences, a room was also available for all members to participate on the bank’s
premises. Between the meetings, resolutions were adopted, when necessary, through circulation voting procedure.

Meetings of the Supervisory Board
We held a total of eight meetings, including six regularly scheduled meetings. One meeting was with physical attendance,
three meetings were held as video conferences, and five meetings were conducted as hybrid meetings.
Again, over the past year, we focused in particular on geopolitical and economic developments and their effects on the
bank. We discussed developments in the banking sector both in Europe and in the USA. At several meetings, we had indepth discussions with the Management Board about the status of processing in the Private Bank. We focused in several
meetings on the effective implementation and further development of the bank’s strategy. Together with the Management
Board, we deliberated on these reports and on the regular progress reports on the individual business divisions,
infrastructure areas and regions. Also, we regularly discussed regulatory issues and proceedings that affect our bank
around the world, significant litigation cases and the progress made in the remediation of findings. Furthermore, we
redesigned the compensation system and resolved to submit it for approval to General Meeting in May 2024, where it was
approved by a large majority.

VIII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

At our first meeting on January 31, we addressed the actual financial results presented along with the planned key figures
and analysts’ estimates. Deviations were discussed in detail. In addition, we deliberated on the Management Board’s
preliminary proposal for the dividend, while also taking into account the regulatory requirements for capital funding, and
we addressed the planning for 2024-2026 and the investment portfolio for 2024. The Management Board reported to us
on the development of business at DWS as well as the measures taken by its management relating to the ongoing
investigations at DWS. Furthermore, we addressed, together with the Management Board, the topic of “key people and
succession planning.” The Management Board reported to us on the status of the remediation of regulatory requirements,
on the status of the sustainability implementation plan, and on the situation in the Private Bank, the measures taken, the
status of the integration of the IT platforms of Postbank and Deutsche Bank, and the progress in remediating deficiencies
in customer services. We noted the draft of the Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of
the German Commercial Code (HGB) with approval. While taking into account recommendations of the Compensation
Control Committee and following consultations with the bank’s Compensation Officer and independent external
compensation consultants, we determined the level of the variable compensation for the Management Board members
for the 2023 financial year. In this context, we also discussed the respective Management Board members’ achievement
levels for 2023 and the plan rules for the year 2024, and we set the objectives for the Management Board along with the
relevant measurement criteria for the 2024 performance period. We discussed the proposal for the redesign and resulting
simplification of the compensation system. Furthermore, we discussed the annual assessment of the structure, size,
composition and performance of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board in accordance with Section 25d (11)
of the German Banking Act (KWG). We resolved on the disclosure by name of our compensation and financial experts on
the Supervisory Board.
At our extraordinary meeting on February 22, we addressed with regard to Management Board compensation the shortterm objectives for 2024 and the long-term objectives for the 2024-2026 period.
At our meeting on March 13, after the Management Board’s reporting and a discussion with the auditor, and based on the
Audit Committee’s recommendation, we approved the Consolidated Financial Statements and Annual Financial
Statements for 2023 and agreed to the Management Board’s proposal for the appropriation of distributable profit. We
addressed the financial accounting system, the system of internal controls and the risk management system and discussed
the assessments of the Management Board and auditor with regard to their appropriateness and effectiveness. Based on
the Audit Committee’s recommendation, we determined that there are no objections to be raised regarding the Group’s
separate Non-Financial Report in accordance with Section 315c of the German Commercial Code (HGB) in conjunction
with Sections 289c to 289e HGB as well as the European Union’s (EU) Taxonomy Regulation and the delegated acts
adopted in this context, also based on the final results of our own inspections. The Management Board reported to us on
the current market environment and developments, the remediation status of regulatory enforcement actions and the
related critical findings. The Management Board presented a report to us on the structure of the compensation systems
and the Human Resources Report for 2023. We also discussed and approved the Report of the Supervisory Board.
Furthermore, we addressed the topics for the General Meeting, including the proposal for the compensation system for
the Management Board, and approved the proposals for the agenda. Furthermore, the shareholder representatives on the
Supervisory Board adopted the resolutions necessary to exercise the shareholder rights in subsidiaries of Deutsche Bank
Aktiengesellschaft in accordance with Section 32 of the Co-Determination Act (MitbestG). We noted the report of the
Management Board on changes in the regional advisory councils in Germany in accordance with Section 8 of the Articles
of Association.
In our meeting on May 15, we addressed the pending General Meeting and adopted the resolution on the Chair of the
General Meeting. The Management Board reported to us on current topics in connection with the takeover of Postbank,
including the related effects and measures, and on the current market developments. The Management Board reported to
us on, among other things, the development of business at DWS, the ongoing investigations at DWS as well as the current
status and development of the remediation of regulatory enforcement actions and the related critical findings.
At our extraordinary meeting on June 30, we appointed Ms. Laura Padovani, an internal candidate, as a member of the
Management Board for the period from July 1, 2024, to June 30, 2027, and addressed also the conditions of her service
contract. The Management Board was expanded to ten members and the percentage of women was increased to 20%. In
addition, we adjusted the functional responsibilities on the Management Board. The Management Board reported to us on
personnel changes at the levels below the Management Board to strengthen the Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime
area. We also issued the audit mandate for the 2024 financial year to EY GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.

IX

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

At our meeting on July 25, we addressed Management Board compensation and carried out the necessary adjustments of
the objectives based on a recommendation of the Compensation Control Committee in light of the changed areas of
functional responsibility at the Management Board level. The Management Board reported to us on the reactions of the
market and our stakeholders to the publication of the Interim Report and gave an overview of the execution of the strategic
targets. The Management Board informed of the results of the employee survey, as well as the changes compared to the
prior year and their underlying causes. The Management Board reported to us on the current developments at DWS, the
development of its business, its governance and the measures taken by its management relating to the ongoing
investigations. Furthermore, the Management Board reported us on the current developments in significant litigation cases
as well as the status of the remediation of regulatory enforcement actions and related critical findings. The Management
Board gave us an update on cybersecurity. Furthermore, the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board
adopted the resolutions necessary to exercise the shareholder rights in subsidiaries of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
in accordance with Section 32 of the Co-Determination Act (MitbestG). We addressed the annual review and adjustments
as required in our internal policies and procedures.
At our meeting on October 22 and 23, we resolved to approve the Declaration of Conformity pursuant to Section 161 of
the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). Together with the Management Board, we extensively deliberated on the
business performance in the third quarter as well as the Group strategy and the business strategies of the business
divisions. The Management Board reported to us on the operating business model, including the impacts on costs, as well
as the technology strategy aligned to the bank’s business strategy. The Management Board gave us an overview of
developments following the employee survey and reported to us on the program “This is Deutsche Bank” and the status
of its implementation.
At our meeting on December 12, we appointed Dr. Marcus Chromik as a member of the Management Board for the period
from May 1, 2025, to April 30, 2028. The Management Board gave us a preliminary outlook on the development of business
in the fourth quarter and the full year 2024 and reported to us on the progress in remediating the portfolio of open
regulatory enforcement actions and critical external findings in 2024. The Management Board also reported to us on the
preliminary strategy and capital plan for 2025 to 2027.

Committees of the Supervisory Board
The members of the individual committees and the changes during the financial year are specified the Corporate
Governance Statement in the Annual Report.
The Chairman’s Committee met eleven times during the reporting period. Five meetings were conducted on-site, and six
meetings were held as video conferences. Five ordinary meetings took place as well as six extraordinary meetings (two of
them together with the Nomination Committee). The Chairman’s Committee addressed Management Board and
Supervisory Board matters in depth, in addition to corporate governance and ongoing topics between the meetings of the
Supervisory Board, and prepared the Supervisory Board’s meetings in plenum. This included addressing the preparations
for personnel-related changes on the Management Board in consultation with the Nomination Committee, including the
adjustment of the areas of functional responsibility, the review and amendments to the extent required of the Management
Board service contracts as well as our terms of reference and Supervisory Board-internal documents in addition to
preparations for the General Meeting. In several meetings at the beginning of the year, the Committee addressed the
services processing situation in the Private Bank. Other topics covered included outside directorships of the Management
Board members, the assumption of costs and supporting services/benefits for (former) members of the Management
Board, costs for the advisors of the Supervisory Board and the voluntary self-commitment of members of the Supervisory
Board to invest a portion of their Supervisory Board compensation in shares of the bank. Furthermore, the Chairman’s
Committee addressed, as delegated by the Supervisory Board, the bank’s issuance of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital
instruments.

X

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

In 2024, the Risk Committee met six times – two meetings were with physical attendance, three were hybrid meetings and
one was a video conference. As in previous years, the Risk Committee focused on periodically recurring topics such as the
annual Group risk appetite statement, resolution and recovery, as well as the internal process to ensure capital adequacy
and an appropriate liquidity position. Another topic the Committee focused on again was Non-Financial Risk (NFR), which
was addressed over the course of the year in general and more specifically through several in-depth analyses. The topics
covered included the relevant risk taxonomy, the development of a method to handle stress scenarios and metrics for the
broad assessment of Non-Financial Risk (NFR), including metrics for the assessment of financial crime and compliance
risks. The Committee continued the assessment of the business-specific risks in the Private Bank, Corporate Bank and
Investment Bank. Furthermore, it addressed the repercussions of ongoing political and economic developments such as
Germany’s political and economic situation, the U.S. elections and conflicts in the Middle East, as well as the impacts on
the bank from developments in the commercial real estate sector. In addition, the Committee monitored the bank’s key
transformation initiatives in connection with the Risk function. The Committee focused on a range of other regulatory
priorities, including the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) and climate risk issues. Most recently, the
Committee assessed the risk management policies and procedures and the bank’s concentration risks. In addition, the
Committee addressed the impacts of the compensation framework on the bank’s capital, risk, liquidity and profitability
situation. The Management Board reported on its focus on the management of cyber risks.
The Audit Committee met five times in 2024. Three meetings were conducted with attendance on-site, one as a hybrid
meeting and one as a video conference. The Committee supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the financial
reporting process and intensively addresses the annual and consolidated financial statements, the interim and quarterly
earnings reports as well as the separate non-financial report. The areas of focus included developments in the banking
sector around the globe, the recognition of credit loss provisions and legal matters as well as the new requirements
pursuant to the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) for Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
reporting. In addition, the Committee specified implementation of requirements pursuant to the EU Regulation on
operational resilience in the financial sector (Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA)) as an additional area of focus for
the audit. Furthermore, the Committee regularly addressed the monitoring of the effectiveness of the control functions
(in particular, Compliance, Anti-Money Laundering function, Group Audit). The monitoring the Management Board in the
remediation of findings related to the Know-Your-Customer (KYC) processes was another focal point of the Committee’s
work, in addition to the Findings Management program for the accelerated reduction of critical findings. In addition, the
Committee ensured it was kept informed of developments in connection with the Wirecard insolvency with any potential
implications for the independence of the auditor of our annual and consolidated financial statements.
The Nomination Committee met a total of six times during the reporting period, including two extraordinary meetings
together with the Chairman’s Committee. Four meetings were conducted on-site, one as a hybrid meeting and one as a
video conference. The Nomination Committee extensively addressed aspects of the succession planning for the
Management Board and Supervisory Board in consideration of the statutory and regulatory requirements and diversity
principles. In this context, it addressed, in consultation with the Chairman’s Committee, the appointment of Ms. Laura
Padovani as member of the Management Board and as Head of Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime, along with the
related adjustments to the areas of functional responsibility on the Management Board, as well as the appointment to the
Management Board with effect from May 1, 2025, of Dr. Marcus Chromik, who will take over functional responsibility for
the Risk area as the successor of Mr. Olivier Vigneron. Furthermore, the Committee addressed the follow-up appointments
to the Supervisory Board committees after Ms. Laumen left the Supervisory Board as an employee representative and the
subsequent appointment by the court of Mr. Haggenmiller as member of the Supervisory Board. With a view to the
forthcoming numerous elections to the Supervisory Board in 2025, the Committee also addressed the various criteria and
required skills and expertise for suitable candidates. In addition, the Committee addressed the induction programs for the
new members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board, the training for the Management Board and Supervisory
Board, ongoing suitability (“fit and proper”) topics as well as the regular review of our internal policies and procedures.
Other topics included the advancement of diversity in the bank and at the Management Board level as well as the annual
assessment of the Supervisory Board and Management Board in accordance with section 25d (11) of the German Banking
Act (KWG).

XI

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

The Compensation Control Committee met six times in 2024. Three meetings were conducted on-site, one meeting was a
video conference, and two were held as hybrid meetings. At its meetings, the Committee addressed in particular the
monitoring of the design of the compensation systems of the Management Board and employees and, together with the
Risk Committee, assessed the effects of the compensation systems and variable compensation for the 2024 financial year
on the risk, capital and liquidity situation. The Committee submitted proposals to the Supervisory Board for specifying the
amount of the Management Board members’ fixed compensation and their objectives for 2024, and for determining the
variable compensation of the Management Board for the year 2023. In addition, it addressed the development of the initial
proposals for objectives for the year 2025, which also took into consideration the results of the Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) materiality assessment. In light of the personnel-related changes on the Management Board, the
Committee also addressed the corresponding adjustment of the individual objectives. Furthermore, it dealt with regulatory
developments and regulatory findings on compensation topics and addressed, also with the support of external advisors,
the examination of the existence of the preconditions for the suspension, forfeiture or claw-back of elements of variable
compensation of (former) members of the Management Board. To the extent required, it adopted resolutions and
developed recommendations on resolution proposals for the Supervisory Board plenum. Another focal point was
addressing the report on the compensation of the Management Board and Supervisory Board, which was to be submitted
for approval by the General Meeting and was subsequently to be published along with the auditor’s opinion. Furthermore,
the Committee monitored the identification of Material Risk Takers and the determination of the total amount of variable
compensation for the 2023 financial year as well as the decisions on the compensation for the heads of the Compliance
and Risk functions. The Compensation Control Committee also addressed the revision of the compensation system for the
Management Board, which was submitted for approval to the General Meeting 2024. The new, significantly simplified
system aligns the basis for the Management Board members’ performance assessment more closely to shareholders’
interests. As of 2024, the long-term variable compensation component is no longer measured on the basis of the business
performance in preceding years, but on how financial targets and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) goals
develop in each following three-year period. The Committee also reviewed the use and effectiveness of measures available
in the compensation system for dealing with breaches of legal regulations as well as internal and external rules, policies
and procedures.
The Regulatory Oversight Committee met six times in 2024. Five meetings were conducted on-site and two were held as
video conferences. The Regulatory Oversight Committee was informed by the Management Board on an ongoing basis
about contacts with regulators with a significant relevance for the bank’s business activities and especially about special
audits, substantial complaints and other exceptional measures on the part of German and foreign bank regulatory
authorities, to the extent they do not relate to financial reports or audit matters. The Management Board reported in every
meeting on the status of the remediation of regulatory enforcement actions and the related critical findings. In addition,
reports were given to the Committee at its meetings on significant internal investigations and their progress. In parallel,
the Regulatory Oversight Committee continues to deal with preventive compliance controls and litigation cases with the
highest risks from the bank’s perspective.
The Strategy and Sustainability Committee conducted five meetings, including one extraordinary meeting. One meeting
was held on-site, one was a hybrid meeting and three were conducted as video conferences. At its meetings, the
Committee intensively addressed the bank’s strategic transformation and regularly obtained reports on this from the
Management Board. Particular focal points in this context were the strategic progress made in the year 2024, the path to
achieving the financial targets for the year 2025 and the planning for the following years. In this context, the Committee
addressed the sustainability strategy, the progress in the key transformation initiatives as well as the ongoing development
of the bank’s operating model. Another focal point of the Committee’s work was the sustainability strategy. This involved,
among other things, addressing the progress in the implementation of the sustainability strategy, the planning for the
sustainable finance and investment volumes as well as the ongoing development of the sustainability strategy based on
the strategies for the Group and the business divisions. The Committee also deliberated on the strategies for the bank’s
home market, Germany, and for the Americas region. Other topics of reporting and discussion were the strategy of DWS,
the digitalization strategy, the client centricity program and investments in the bank’s business divisions.

XII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

The Technology, Data and Innovation Committee met four times. Two meetings were conducted on-site, and two meetings
were held as video conferences. The topics the Committee focused on in 2024 included, in particular, IT and cybersecurity
as well as the Group-wide technology strategy and its implementation in the business divisions and infrastructure areas.
In this context, the Committee received reports on the progress in modernizing and simplifying the bank’s IT infrastructure
and application landscape, and it discussed the importance of technology for the business divisions and infrastructure
areas. Regarding IT and cybersecurity topics, the Committee received reports on the current security situation of the bank
as well as an external market view on information security. In this context, the Committee discussed current macro-trends
as well as the principles and objectives of information security and cloud risk management. Furthermore, the Committee
addressed in detail the significant IT risk factors for the bank and discussed the measures for and progress in reducing such
risks. In addition, the Committee discussed regulatory matters relating to technology and infrastructure and received
reports on the migration to the cloud, the bank’s data management and implementation of key bank-wide technology
programs. Furthermore, the Committee discussed the costs of the bank’s technology area, including the material cost
drivers and actions to optimize the cost base. Moreover, the Committee also addressed innovations relating to artificial
intelligence and machine learning, along with their governance, responsible implementation and usage in the bank.
Meetings of the Mediation Committee, established pursuant to the provisions of Germany’s Co-Determination Act
(MitbestG), were not necessary.

XIII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

Participation in meetings
During the reporting period, the Supervisory Board members participated in the meetings of the Supervisory Board and of
the committees in which they were members, as shown in the following. Participation was either in person or per video
conference. There was no case of participation by telephone.

XIV

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

Corporate Governance
The composition of the Supervisory Board and its committees is in accordance with the legal requirements as well as
regulatory governance standards. The European Central Bank reviewed and confirmed the professional qualifications and
the personal reliability of our members within the framework of its suitability assessment. The suitability assessment covers
the expertise, reliability and time available of each individual member. In addition, there was an assessment of the entire
Supervisory Board’s knowledge, skills and experience that are necessary for the performance of its tasks (collective
suitability). The European Central Bank’s Joint Supervisory Team and the Nomination Committee continually monitor the
suitability of the Supervisory Board members.
The Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the chairpersons of all the committees coordinated their work continually and
consulted each other regularly and – as required – on an ad hoc basis between the meetings in order to ensure the
exchange of information necessary to capture and assess all relevant matters and risks in the performance of their tasks.
The cooperation in the committees was marked by an open and trustful atmosphere.
The committee chairpersons reported regularly at the meetings of the Supervisory Board on the work of the individual
committees. Regularly before the meetings of the Supervisory Board, the representatives of the employees and the
representatives of the shareholders conducted preliminary discussions separately. At the beginning or end of the meetings
of the Supervisory Board and its committees, discussions were regularly held in “Executive Sessions” without the
participation of the Management Board.
The Chairman of the Supervisory Board and some of the chairpersons of the committees engaged regularly in discussions
with representatives of various regulators and informed them about the work of the Supervisory Board and its committees
and about the cooperation with the Management Board.
Together with the bank’s Investor Relations Department, the Supervisory Board Chairman conducted discussions with
investors, proxy advisors and shareholders’ associations. The subjects of the discussions were governance and strategy
topics from the Supervisory Board’s perspective, in particular regarding skills and expertise, composition and succession
planning for the Supervisory Board and Management Board, the new compensation system as well as general Management
Board compensation topics, the sharing of experiences with general meeting formats, the bank’s control processes and
the Supervisory Board’s perspective on the implementation of the bank’s corporate and Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) strategies.
At several meetings of the Nomination Committee and of the Supervisory Board in plenum, we addressed the assessment
prescribed by law of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board for the 2024 financial year, which also comprises
the self-assessment according to the German Corporate Governance Code. The final discussion of the results took place
at a meeting of the Supervisory Board plenum on March 13, 2025, and the results were set out in a final report.
For further information, for example, on the Audit Committee financial experts, the compensation experts and the
independence of the individual members, we refer to the “Supervisory Board” section in the Corporate Governance
Statement.
The Declaration of Conformity pursuant to Section 161 of the Stock Corporation Act (AktG), which we had last issued with
the Management Board in October 2023, was reissued in October 2024. The text of the Declaration of Conformity, along
with a comprehensive presentation of the bank’s corporate governance, can be found in the Annual Report and on the
bank’s website at https://www.db.com/ir/en/documents.htm. Our Declarations of Conformity and Corporate Governance
Statements from at least the past five years are also available there, in addition to the currently applicable versions of the
Terms of Reference for the Supervisory Board and its committees as well as for the Management Board.

XV

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

Training and further education measures
We held several training sessions in 2024, as in prior years, conducted by external and internal subject matter experts. The
training focused on topics including macroeconomic developments and their impacts on the bank, combating financial
crime, the exchange of information and delineation of responsibilities between the Supervisory Board and Management
Board as well as other legal and regulatory topics of relevance for the Supervisory Board. In addition, we received an
outlook for the global and regulatory environment in the financial services sector for the year 2024 (including topic areas
such as combating financial crime, operational resilience, digitalization and artificial intelligence, digital assets,
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues as well as recovery and resolution).
Furthermore, we conducted a training session in particular for the members of the Audit Committee on the requirements
of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
For the new member who joined the Supervisory Board, Mr. Haggenmiller, extensive induction courses individually tailored
to this member were developed and carried out to facilitate his induction into office.

Conflicts of interest and their handling
We continually strive to identify and prevent potential conflicts of interest on the part of our members as early as possible
and arrange for their mitigation. Also, the performance of external mandates by our Supervisory Board members at other
companies and management bodies is regularly reviewed for potential conflicts of interest.
In the year under review, no conflicts of interest were identified and reported.

Annual Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statements, and the combined
Management Report and Compensation Report
EY audited the Annual Financial Statements, including the accounting and the Combined Management Report for the
Annual Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements for the 2024 financial year and issued in each case
an unqualified audit opinion on March 10, 2025. The Auditor’s Reports were signed jointly by the Auditors Mr. Mai and Mr.
Lösken.
Furthermore, EY performed a limited assurance review of the Sustainability Statement of this Annual Report and issued a
separate unqualified opinion. EY issued a separate unqualified opinion for the Compensation Report.
The Audit Committee examined the documents for the Annual Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial
Statements 2024 as well as the Sustainability Statement 2024 at its meeting on March 11, 2025. Representatives of EY
provided the final report on the audit results. The Chairman of the Audit Committee reported to us on this at the meeting
of the Supervisory Board. Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, and after inspecting the Annual Financial
Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements documents as well as the documents for the Sustainability Statement
and following an extensive discussion on the Supervisory Board as well as with the representatives of the auditor, we noted
the results of the audits with approval. We determined that, also based on the final results of our inspections, there are no
objections to be raised.
Today, we approved the Annual Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements prepared by the
Management Board. The Annual Financial Statements are thus established. We agree to the proposal for the appropriation
of distributable profit.

XVI

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Report of the Supervisory Board

Personnel issues
Ms. Birgit Laumen resigned from her mandate as employee representative on the Supervisory Board with effect from
January 12, 2024. Mr. Florian Haggenmiller was appointed by the court as her successor with effect from January 16, 2024.
Already in the 2023 reporting period, we had resolved to extend the Management Board appointment of Rebecca Short
by three years, i.e., with effect from May 1, 2024, to April 30, 2027. On June 30, 2024, we appointed Ms. Laura Padovani as
member of the Management Board and as Chief Compliance and Anti Financial Crime Officer with effect from July 1, 2024,
for a three-year period until June 30, 2027. Furthermore, on December 12, 2024, we appointed Dr. Marcus Chromik as
member of the Management Board with effect from May 1, 2025, for a three-year period until April 30, 2028. He is to take
on the role of the present Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Olivier Vigneron, who will not be extending his service contract ending on
May 19, 2025.
All resolutions were based on the recommendations of the Nomination Committee and the Chairman’s Committee.
We sincerely thank the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board as well as the members who left
last year for their dedicated work and their constructive assistance to the company during the past years.
Furthermore, we would also like to express our deep appreciation and thanks to the bank’s employees for their great
personal dedication.
Frankfurt am Main, March 12, 2025
The Supervisory Board

Alexander Wynaendts
Chairman

XVII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board

Supervisory Board
Alexander Wynaendts

Timo Heider*

– Chairman
The Hague
Netherlands

Emmerthal
Germany

Frank Schulze*
– Deputy Chairman
Hanau
Germany

Birgit Laumen*
until January 12, 2024
Alfter
Germany

Gerlinde M. Siebert*

Professor Dr. Norbert
Winkeljohann

Frankfurt am Main
Germany

– Deputy Chairman
Osnabrück
Germany

Yngve Slyngstad

Susanne Bleidt*
Bell
Germany

Mayree Clark
New Canaan
USA

Jan Duscheck*
Berlin
Germany

Manja Eifert*
Berlin
Germany

Claudia Fieber*
Berlin
Germany

Sigmar Gabriel
Goslar
Germany

Florian Haggenmiller*
since January 16, 2024
Kempten (Allgäu)
Germany

* Employee representatives

Oslo
Norway

Stephan Szukalski*
Ober-Mörlen
Germany

John Alexander Thain
Rye
USA

Jürgen Tögel*
Horgau
Germany

Michele Trogni
Riverside
USA

Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel
Madrid
Spain

Dr. Theodor Weimer
Wiesbaden
Germany

Frank Witter
Braunschweig
Germany

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Committees

Committees
Chairman’s Committee

Regulatory Oversight
Committee

Technology, Data and
Innovation Committee

Timo Heider*

Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel
– Chairperson

Michele Trogni
– Chairperson

Frank Schulze*

Jan Duscheck*

Susanne Bleidt*

Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann

Sigmar Gabriel

Manja Eifert*

Timo Heider*

Claudia Fieber*
(until January 31, 2024)

Alexander Wynaendts
– Chairman

Nomination Committee

Stephan Szukalski*

Alexander Wynaendts
– Chairman

Alexander Wynaendts

Mayree Clark

Compensation Control
Committee

Timo Heider*
Frank Schulze*
Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann

Jan Duscheck*

Alexander Wynaendts
– Chairman

Frank Witter
– Chairman

Jürgen Tögel*

Susanne Bleidt*

Alexander Wynaendts

Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel

Manja Eifert*
Claudia Fieber*
(since January 31, 2024)

Strategy and Sustainability
Committee

Birgit Laumen*
(until January 12, 2024)

John Alexander Thain
– Chairman

Gerlinde M. Siebert*

Mayree Clark

Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel

Claudia Fieber*

Dr. Theodor Weimer

Florian Haggenmiller*
(since January 31, 2024)

Mayree Clark
– Chairperson

Birgit Laumen*
(until January 12, 2024)
Frank Schulze*
Jürgen Tögel*

Jan Duscheck*

Michele Trogni

Gerlinde M. Siebert*

Alexander Wynaendts

Stephan Szukalski*
Michele Trogni
Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
Alexander Wynaendts

* Employee representatives

Alexander Wynaendts

Mediation Committee

Timo Heider*

Risk Committee

Yngve Slyngstad

Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
– Chairman

Audit Committee

Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann

Florian Haggenmiller*
(since January 31, 2024)

Timo Heider*
Frank Schulze*
Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann

Resilient full-year results reflecting ongoing
strong operating performance
FY 2024

Growth momentum
2.5%

— Strong franchise growth across all four divisions, full confidence in the ability to reach ~€ 32bn ambition for FY 20251
— Revenue momentum supported by growth in noninterest
income and areas of targeted investments, offsetting
NII normalization
— 75% revenues from more predictable streams including
Corporate Bank, Private Bank, Asset Management and
FIC Financing
— Sustained revenue growth momentum with Group CAGR2
of 5.8% in line with updated target of 5.5% to 6.5%
— FY 2024 reported RoTE of 4.7%

4.7% FY 2024
RoTE reported

5%

0%

7.5%

7.1%

10%

RoTE3

Target:
>10% RoTE
in 2025

€20.4bn
Adjusted costs

Disciplined execution
— Delivered operating costs in line with guidance while investing
in business growth; absorbed significant nonoperating cost
items and improving future performance as well as risk profile
— Incremental franchise growth in 2025 to be achieved
with flat operating costs
— Reset of cost/income ratio (CIR) target to below 65% reflects
investments to drive continued progress beyond 2025

76%
(CIR)

Resilience
— Capital position robust with CET1 ratio at 13.8% at year-end
2024, despite absorbing litigation charges and capital
deduction for the € 750 million share buyback announced
— Aim to operate with a buffer of 200 bps above the bank’s
expected MDA threshold, as Deutsche Bank builds capital
and absorbs regulatory changes

13.8%
CET1 Ratio

~264bps
above MDA

Sustainability
— Continued increase in Sustainable Finance volumes by
€ 93bn in 2024 to € 373bn cumulative since 2020

With potential upside from currency translation effects
Compound annual growth rate since 2021
3
For a description of this and other non-GAAP financial measures, see ‘Use of non-GAAP
financial measures’ on pp 15 –22 of the fourth quarter 2024 Financial Data Supplement

1

2

€373bn

Cumulative
Sustainable Finance
Volumes

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

Strategy
Global Hausbank
Deutsche Bank’s strategic and financial roadmap through 2025 aims to position Deutsche Bank as a Global Hausbank,
dedicated to its clients’ lasting success and financial security at home and abroad, and to achieve the bank’s 2025 financial
targets and capital objectives. The Global Hausbank strategy is underpinned by three key themes: risk management,
sustainability and technology, all of which have become even more important considering the ongoing geopolitical and
macroeconomic challenges.

Deutsche Bank’s key performance indicators 2025
Financial targets and capital objectives for 2025
Financial targets:
– Post-tax Return on Average Tangible Equity of above 10% for the Group
– Compound annual growth rate of revenues between 2021 and 2025 of 5.5% to 6.5%
– Cost/income ratio of below 65% (reset from below 62.5%)
Capital objectives:
– Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of approximately 13%
– 50% Total payout ratio from 2025
Deutsche Bank reaffirms its financial targets, including the cost/income ratio target which has been reset from below
62.5% to below 65% at the beginning of 2025, as well as its capital objectives for 2025. All forward-looking projections
below are based on January 31, 2025, foreign exchange rates.
Post-tax Return on Average Tangible Equity and adjusted costs are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to
“Supplementary financial information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP financial measures” of this report for the definitions of such
measures and reconciliations to the IFRS numbers on which they are based.

Progress on strategy implementation
In 2024, Deutsche Bank made progress across all dimensions of its accelerated Global Hausbank strategy through
disciplined execution, driving revenue growth as well as operational and capital efficiency. The bank maintained tight
discipline on adjusted costs while continuing to invest in the bank’s platform. Moreover, the bank put specific legacy
litigation costs and exceptional other items behind it.
On revenue growth, net revenues grew to € 30.1 billion in 2024, up from € 28.9 billion, or 4%, versus 2023, in line with the
bank’s guidance of around € 30 billion for 2024. Compound annual revenue growth since 2021 was 5.8% through the end
of 2024, compared to 6.6% in 2023, in line with the bank’s target range of 5.5% to 6.5%. In 2025, the bank expects continued
franchise momentum and growth potential across all its businesses to drive revenue growth supported by investments
under the bank’s efficiency programs. This growth is expected to result from both net interest income and noninterest
income, reflecting the bank's diversified business mix which allows around 75% of the expected revenues to come from
more predictable revenue streams. Deutsche Bank confirms its revenue goal of around € 32 billion at Group level in 2025,
which translates to around € 32.7 billion at January 2025 foreign exchange rates.
Noninterest expenses in 2024 were € 23.0 billion, up from € 21.7 billion, or 6%, versus the prior year, and included
€ 2.6 billion in nonoperating costs relating to litigation as well as restructuring and severance charges. Adjusted costs were
€ 20.4 billion in 2024, down from € 20.6 billion, or 1% compared to the prior year. Deutsche Bank made further progress
on its € 2.5 billion operational efficiency program during 2024. Measures included the optimization of the bank’s platform
in Germany, workforce reductions, notably in non-client-facing roles, IT and infrastructure optimization along with a
continued automation of front-to-back processes. The bank expects the large majority of these measures to positively
impact the adjusted cost run-rate in 2025. Nonoperating costs in 2025 are expected to decrease as litigation as well as
restructuring and severance charges are expected to normalize. As a result, the bank now targets a cost/income ratio of
below 65% in 2025, marginally higher than the original target, to support further growth and business momentum in and
beyond 2025.

XXI

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

On capital efficiency, Deutsche Bank’s capital efficiency program has delivered cumulative RWA-equivalent reductions of
€ 24 billion, close to its target range of € 25 to € 30 billion by the end of 2025. The bank aims to reach the higher end of its
target range by year end 2025. Capital efficiencies contributed to the bank’s year end 2024 CET1 ratio of 13.8%, which
includes the € 750 million share repurchases authorized for 2025. The bank plans to continue progressing on capital
efficiencies in 2025.
Deutsche Bank announced plans for € 2.1 billion in further capital distributions to shareholders in 2025. The bank has
received supervisory authorization for further share repurchases of € 750 million and plans to propose 2024 dividends of
€ 1.3 billion, or € 0.68 per share, at its Annual General Meeting in May 2025, up 50% from € 0.45 per share for 2023. These
measures would increase cumulative capital distributions to shareholders to € 5.4 billion since 2022, in excess of the
€ 5 billion goal in the bank’s transformation program launched in 2019. The bank reaffirms its ambition to exceed its capital
distribution goal of € 8 billion in respect of the financial years 2021-2025, to be paid in 2022-2026. Deutsche Bank will
continue to target a payout ratio of 50% after 2025 through share buybacks and cash dividends, with cash dividends
growing more moderately compared to increases seen in recent years.

Driving the next phase of Deutsche Bank’s evolution
Looking beyond 2025, Deutsche Bank already started to work on its next phase of evolution and implement measures to
bring the bank to the next level of performance, aiming for an even more balanced earnings profile and for a more
technology-driven business with the bank’s customers with a leaner infrastructure.
Deutsche Bank aims to further increase shareholder value by sharpening its focus on capital allocation and the
optimization of RWA at both the business and client level. The bank sees potential for further revenue growth in the
continued improvement of resource productivity across the portfolio through pricing and reallocating capital to highreturn franchises. In addition, the bank strives to improve profitability of lower-return businesses through front-to-back
efficiency improvements and capital efficiency measures. A reduction in allocated capital and potential selected exits may
be considered for areas where return improvements cannot be achieved. Deutsche Bank also plans to re-engineer its target
operating model, enabling the bank to run its platform on a lower headcount and simplifying the organizational structure.
These measures coupled with further front-to-back streamlining of processes, are expected to drive operational efficiency.
Deutsche Bank’s next phase also includes a management agenda which emphasizes strengthening risk management and
accountability and evolving its culture through a purpose-led framework called "This is Deutsche Bank". With investments,
the bank believes that it is well-positioned to grow the Global Hausbank model, make it more efficient and generate more
capital for deployment to the businesses and shareholder distributions.
Deutsche Bank plans to provide more details on its strategic aspiration and actions beyond 2025 in due course.

Sustainability
Sustainability has been a fundamental aspect of Deutsche Bank’s strategy since 2019. In 2024, the bank continued to
focus on the four pillars of its sustainability strategy: Sustainable Finance, Policies & Commitments, People & Own
Operations, and Thought Leadership & Stakeholder Engagement.
Deutsche Bank set ambitious targets to maximize its contribution to achieving the Paris Climate Agreement’s targets and
the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals. The key targets related to sustainability matters are as follows:
– The bank aims to achieve cumulative sustainable financing and investment volumes of € 500 billion from January 2020
to the end of 2025 (excluding DWS)
– Deutsche Bank is committed to achieving net zero emissions by 2050. To this end, the bank has set net-zero targets for
eight carbon-intensive sectors in its corporate loan book, with interim goals by end of 2030 and final targets by end of
2050
– The bank plans to source 100% of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025
– Following the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) to set targets for the representation of women
on the two management levels below the MB, Deutsche Bank aims to have women representing at least 35% of
Managing Director, Director and Vice President roles by 2025

XXII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

In 2024, Deutsche Bank made further progress in implementing its sustainability agenda, which has been recognized by
leading ESG rating agencies. Deutsche Bank received improved ESG ratings by CDP, MSCI, S&P Corporate Sustainability
Assessment (CSA), ISS ESG and Sustainalytics.
Deutsche Bank has published its revised Sustainable Finance Framework, effective as of January 1, 2024. This framework
includes updated criteria used for classifying financings as sustainable. With the updated Sustainable Instruments
Framework now encompassing both green and social assets, Deutsche Bank is positioned to issue social bonds, following
which the bank issued its inaugural social bond of € 500 million with an orderbook size of over € 6.6 billion in July 2024.
For additional information on Deutsche Bank’s sustainability strategy as well as DWS, which sets its own sustainability
strategy, please refer to the chapters “Governance” and “Sustainability Strategy” in the Sustainability Statement of this
report.

XXIII

Clear traction across divisions set to deliver
­sustainable growth and higher profitability
Corporate Bank

Investment Bank

— At the heart of Global Hausbank with a global
network and strengthened client franchise, evidenced
by ~40% increase in incremental deals won with
multinational clients since 2022

— Continued focus on being the leading non-U.S.
global investment bank

— Resilient deposit revenues reflecting pricing discipline
and volume growth
— 5% growth in fee generating revenue streams
across all regions in 2024 year on year

— Crystalizing the benefits of recent investments and
greater client engagement in O & A, while building
on the momentum of a significant revenue increase
and market share growth in 2024
— Further development of the depth of client
relationships within FIC and the wider business
platform, including a focus on the U.S.

Net
revenues

Noninterest
expenses

Profit
before tax

€30.1bn

€23.0bn

€5.3bn

FY 2024

Corporate Bank

Investment Bank

Private Bank

Asset Management

Private Bank

Asset Management

— Two distinct businesses attracting > € 80bn NNA from
2022; scaled up WM and revamping efficiency in PeB
with ~ 400 branch and ~ 11% FTE reduction since 2021

— Leading German and European asset manager,
with AuMs surpassing € 1 trillion for the first time,
€ 115bn higher than at the end of 2023

— Focused on digital client engagement and successful
Fresh Money campaigns in PeB and continued
branch network optimization and successful evolution
of client experience

— Net inflows of € 42bn into Passive investments
in 2024

— Well-diversified revenue mix in WM & PB, focusing on
UHNW family entrepreneurs in the home market and
internationally as well as on private clients in Europe

Group totals: divisional contributions excluding Corporate & Other

— Introduced innovative products across various
asset classes, launching 28 new products

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

Deutsche Bank Business segments
Corporate Bank
Corporate banking is an integral part of Deutsche Bank’s business. Corporate Bank’s capabilities in Cash Management,
Trade Finance and Lending in close collaboration with Foreign Exchange in the Investment Bank enable the business
segment to serve the core needs of its clients. As a leading bank serving multinational and German corporates domestically
and abroad (source: EUROMONEY), the Corporate Bank helps clients in optimizing their working capital and liquidity,
securing global supply chains and distribution channels and managing their risks. Furthermore, Corporate Bank acts as a
specialized provider of services to financial institutions, offering Correspondent Banking, Trust and Agency Services as
well as Securities Services. Finally, the business segment provides Business Banking services to small corporate and
entrepreneur clients in Germany through a standardized product suite.
Corporate Bank has defined a number of specific initiatives to capitalize on its core competencies across these different
areas to grow revenues to achieve its targets. In particular, the business segment’s investments in new initiatives and
experience in managing complex situations for clients, such as uncertainties associated with increasing geopolitical
tensions, lower economic growth in some of the major operating countries as well as uncertainty around central bank
policies, allow Corporate Bank to provide its advisory and solution services.
In 2024, Corporate Bank continued to make progress on the business segment’s strategic objectives, notably growing
commissions and fee income across all regions. Net interest income in deposit businesses remained resilient as ongoing
deposit margin normalization was partly offset by higher deposit volumes and interest hedging. Corporate Bank has been
awarded “World’s Best Bank for Corporates” in the Euromoney’s Awards for Excellence 2024 and also named “Best Bank
for Corporates in Germany”. Additionally, Corporate Bank Germany was recognized by the 2024 FINANCE magazine survey
as the best bank in corporate banking, number one Hausbank, number one in Cash Management/Payment Transactions
and in Trade and Export Finance. The segment believes that these awards are a recognition of Corporate Bank’s deep client
relationships and client centric solution offering.
Looking ahead, Corporate Bank is expected to continue to act as an integral part of the Global Hausbank strategy and
contribute to Deutsche Bank’s 2025 objectives. The segment sees growth opportunities across all core client groups –
Corporate, Institutional and Business Banking – both from existing Corporate Bank strengths and from new products.
Corporate Bank aims to offer a full range of advisory and financing solutions for corporate treasurers and seeks to remain
the trusted partner for the German economy, building on its standing as the leading Corporate Bank in its home market.
The segment is also committed to connect financial institutions worldwide, a business where it is one of the market leaders
(source: SWIFT Euro peer benchmarking). The segment's global network across 140 countries combined with profound
local knowledge, a comprehensive product suite and tailored client offering, is expected to continue to offer competitive
advantages versus the business segment’s peers.
As a transition partner, Corporate Bank seeks to help its clients across sector value chains to achieve their strategic goals
by offering a broad suite of sustainable finance solutions and sector-aligned sustainability industry expertise. Also,
Corporate Bank aims to enable the accelerated renewables and infrastructure build-out through its asset and project
finance capabilities for emerging energy transformation sectors such as hydrogen, carbon capture, and battery and
storage solutions, and the build-out of financing capabilities, driving energy efficiency transformation.
Corporate Bank’s initiatives will target revenue growth with corporate clients across Cash Management and Trade Finance
and Lending, including growing its fee-based business with institutional clients and expanding Securities and Trust and
Agency Services business.
As the segment seeks to grow its business with clients globally, Corporate Bank commits to apply sound risk management
principles to maintain its high-quality loan portfolio and strict lending standards. Equally, the segment commits to
continued cost discipline supported by technology and front-to-back process optimization as well as automation and
location strategy and further investments to support business growth in 2025 and beyond.

XXV

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

Investment Bank
The Investment Bank is a key pillar of Deutsche Bank’s business. Across Fixed Income & Currencies (FIC) and Origination &
Advisory (O&A), corporate and institutional clients are offered a comprehensive range of services encompassing financing,
market making/liquidity provision, risk management solutions, advisory, and debt & equity issuance. The business segment
regionally encompasses Europe, Americas, and APAC/MEA.
In 2024, the Investment Bank delivered robust performance, with a revenue increase of 15% compared to 2023, while
materially growing return on equity for the business segment. This performance reflects the execution of strategic
priorities, enhancing the service offering for clients and building on the franchise development over the recent years.
O&A market fee pools materially improved in 2024, with year-on-year growth of approximately 25%. This, combined with
the benefits of significant investments into the platform throughout 2023, drove market share gains across the core
businesses within O&A (source: Dealogic). As the strategic senior hires further embed into our existing businesses,
productivity continues to improve and hence further revenue share growth is expected in 2025 and beyond. This will be
supported by the Client Strategy and Analytics team, which has strengthened client relationships via a re-tiering exercise
across the entire client-base, ensuring the capacity to closely monitor performance at the most granular level, as the
market develops into 2025.
A continued focus on developing the depth of client relationships, while investing across the platform particularly in the
U.S., has led to a continuation of the FIC franchise development. The longer-term trend of revenue and market share
growth has been extended. A mature and diversified platform is in place to meet the requirements of the client base. This
is exemplified by multiple instances of developments across the business, e.g., the launch of HausFX, bringing the FIC suite
of workflow solutions together and providing clients with the ability to simplify operational activity associated with FX
execution. Investment in technology enables both the provision of enhancements to the client offering and the
development of more efficient internal processes, ensuring optimized marginal cost of delivery as revenues grow.
In 2025, the strategy of the Investment Bank is focused on being the leading non-U.S. global investment bank. The segment
believes continued benefits from prior investments, along with further areas of targeted investment, will enable an
enhanced offering to clients, further deepening relationships. The result will be a more diversified business – which
emphasizes capital efficiency and cost discipline, driving shareholder returns.
As the O&A franchise evolves, the segment anticipates that a diversification of revenues will see the proportion of strategic
advisory revenues as a percentage of total revenues increase. This will be driven in particular by the development of the
M&A franchise. The segment expects this, combined with the well-established Debt origination offering, and the expected
improvement in Equity Origination to drive further revenue growth. Within FIC, the existing strategy continues – advancing
existing and adjacent businesses, the Americas, the depth and breadth of client relationships, and a leading Financing
franchise. As with O&A, this is expected to underpin the growth ambition of the business and, combined with a focus upon
the efficiency of the operating model, is expected to drive operating leverage. Resources are expected to continue to be
allocated to the areas of highest return where a competitive advantage has been identified. Across the Investment Bank,
a dedicated client centricity program has been established to optimize resource allocation, with a view to identifying
further areas of collaboration with other business segments, ensuring clients are delivered the full suite of Deutsche Bank’s
product offering.
Finally, sustainability remains a priority across the Investment Bank, as the business segment continues supporting its
clients globally. During 2024, Deutsche Bank acted as Joint Lead Manager on KfW’s € 3 billion five-year green bond, the
proceeds of which will be used to finance new eligible Green Projects. Additionally, the bank served as joint bookrunner
on the Republic of Colombia’s U.S.$ 1.3 billion re-opening of Social U.S.$ Notes due in 2035 and 2053 under its Green,
Social and Sustainable Bond Framework. Colombia became the second Latin America sovereign issuer to access the
international capital markets with an ESG-labeled bond in 2024.

XXVI

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

Private Bank
In 2024, Private Bank reshaped its business along two core client sectors, Personal Banking and Wealth Management &
Private Banking, reinforcing its long-term dedication to a customer-centric strategy. This setup enables more targeted
client service, sharpening the business model around personal and private clients, wealthy individuals, entrepreneurs,
family offices and commercial customers in international markets. Deeply committed to over 20 million clients across more
than 60 markets globally, Private Bank is a strong pillar of the overall Deutsche Bank Group.
The Personal Banking business is positioned as the market-leading franchise in Germany through its two major brands,
Deutsche Bank and Postbank. Postbank offers German retail clients daily banking solutions with its “mobile-first” value
proposition, while the Deutsche Bank brand focuses on investment advisory delivered via digital, remote and physical
channels.
In 2024, the upgraded Postbank mobile app significantly accelerated the momentum of digital client engagement in
Germany, contributing to the success of new deposit campaigns and to growing commercial activity on online platforms.
Continued efforts to optimize the branch network were complemented by the successful evolution of the in-branch client
experience, highlighted by the opening of the new Postbank advisory branches and the deployment of digital coaches to
guide clients in the digital transition. Internationally, Personal Banking focused on expanding the affluent client sector,
while further innovating the customer value proposition through broader digital services and a leaner branch footprint,
strengthened by the launch of new landmark flagship branches.
Private Bank decided to refocus its brand presence in the German mortgage and consumer finance business by
discontinuing the DSL Bank brand over the course of 2025. This will allow to further reduce complexity and costs. DSL
Bank mortgages have so far been distributed primarily via partner platforms. The move is in line with the Private Bank’s
ambition to optimize its franchise portfolio towards capital-light businesses in order to improve profitability and capital
efficiency of the segment.
The Wealth Management & Private Banking business maintained a well-diversified revenue mix across regions, focusing on
ultra-high-net-worth (UHNW) family entrepreneurs in the home market and internationally, as well as on private clients in
Europe. Aspiring to be the Global Hausbank and partner of choice for family entrepreneurs, it is committed to creating
lasting value and ensuring wealth preservation across generations.
In 2024, the business segment continued its expansive focus on attracting and serving ultra-high-net-worth clients,
resulting in strong asset gathering in all regions and in a significant growth of net new asset inflows. In Germany, the
business segment established a dedicated ultra-high-net-worth coverage team in early 2024, while focusing on remote
advisory pilots and new Deutsche Bank Private Banking Centers to enhance the engagement with Private Banking clients.
The franchise accelerated the ‘One-Bank’ collaboration between Private and Corporate Bank, with successful client
referrals generating new asset inflows. In international markets, UHNW clients and Family Offices remained a priority, with
targeted product launches innovating the investment solution offering, especially in alternative investments. In Italy, Spain
and Belgium, the business achieved increased penetration in core discretionary portfolio management solutions and
further strengthened the ‘Bank for Entrepreneurs’ collaboration between Wealth Management and Business Banking.
The continued evolution of the Wealth Management & Private Banking proposition was recognized also within the industry,
with Private Bank winning 15 Euromoney ‘Best Private Bank’ 2024 awards, including in the categories ‘Best for
Entrepreneurs’, ‘Best for UHNW’ and ‘Best for Transformation’, alongside regional and market-specific accolades.
In 2025, Private Bank will continue its transformation of the Personal Banking business, further building out digital and
remote channels, while optimizing the physical footprint by closing traditional branches or converting them into flagship
locations. Growth will be driven by the upgrade of the offering with new digital account models and Discretionary Portfolio
Mandate (DPM) solutions, and by continued focus on deposit gathering. In Wealth Management & Private Banking scaling
the business in core markets will remain a key priority, supported by product innovation and further emphasis on DPM
solutions, building on the core sustainability offering.
In sustainability, Private Bank advanced its announced strategy with successful product launches, award recognitions and
in-house sustainability awareness initiatives, including trainings and business-wide information sessions. Private Bank
enhanced its sustainability product portfolio, fostered strategic thematic collaborations, and focused on strengthening
the overall sustainability value proposition to support clients in their sustainable transition journeys.

XXVII

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Strategy

Asset Management
Asset Management consists of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, a global asset manager with diverse investment capabilities
that spans traditional active and passive strategies, as well as alternative solutions.
DWS strategy is composed of four strategic elements; Growth, Value, Build and Reduce, which are aligned to its
capabilities and market growth prospects. The aim is to maintain market leading position in Germany, building on expertise
and established customer relationships, in addition to expanding existing partnerships and developing new distribution
channels, to gain additional market share. DWS sees additional market potential especially in Alternatives investments and
Passive funds, represented by the Xtrackers brand.
The Growth strategy is built on the potential in Passive and Alternatives businesses. DWS’ Passive segment, represented
by the Xtrackers brand, sees sustained and profitable growth potential. Building on the franchise and European business,
DWS has decided to invest in a U.S. growth plan including sustainable, thematic, and actively managed ETFs. Further, DWS
sees a strong demand for mandates in Asia Pacific, and therefore plans to expand its customized mandates business. In
2024, DWS successfully expanded the Xtrackers offering in the European UCITS segment, launched further Passive ETFs
in the United States and established a portfolio management team in Hong Kong. Scale is becoming increasingly important
for asset managers and the DWS franchise. In 2024, DWS reached a key milestone by surpassing € 1 trillion of assets under
management (AuM) for the first time. DWS will continue to actively review organic and inorganic growth initiatives.
In Alternatives, DWS expects growth to be driven by higher demand from both institutional and retail investors. DWS’
competitive edge across lending markets from its distribution partnerships for retail clients is expected to see allocations
to alternatives. DWS focuses on expanding offerings across Real Estate and Infrastructure, while building out the debt
platform. During 2024, DWS capitalized on the expanding private credit market, strengthened the U.S. Real Estate credit
business and established a European Alternatives credit platform, while the Infrastructure business remains well
positioned to capture growing allocations.
The Value strategy aims to maintain leadership in mature markets for Active, specifically Equity and Fixed Income, and to
scale Multi Asset solutions. In Equity, DWS intends to selectively expand the platform. Given changing market environment
and higher interest rates, DWS continues to focus on Fixed Income and institutional investors. In Multi-Asset, the aim is to
strengthen solutions capabilities and enhance the modular investment platform to achieve economies of scale. With
increasing importance of pension solutions, investment advisory and outsourced CIO services, DWS is looking to expand
its current offerings in this segment.
The Build strategy’s emphasis on digitalization trends aims to focus on asset management as-a-service and digital assets.
Asset management-as-a-service is based on the belief that investment funds will be distributed by digital means, and
therefore DWS intends to improve the integration of its services into offerings of distribution partners. In an increasingly
tokenized economy, DWS’ Digital Assets strategy aims to utilize new blockchain infrastructure, build innovative products
and reach additional clients. In 2024, DWS has established a joint venture with the aim of issuing a regulated, eurodominated stablecoin and launched its first cryptocurrency Exchange-Traded Certificate (ETC) products to provide
European investors with reliable Bitcoin and Ethereum exposure.
The Reduce strategy intends to reallocate financial resources to fund Build and Growth areas. DWS continuously analyzes
measures to increase efficiency. In 2024, DWS optimized its product portfolio by merging or closing several funds.
For additional information on DWS’ sustainability strategy, please refer to the section “Sustainability Strategy” in the
Sustainability Statement of this report.

XXVIII

1

Combined
Management Report

2

Operating and financial review

38

Outlook

44

Risks and Opportunities

59

Risk Report

190

2		
6
12
33
36

62
65
74
121

Executive summary
Deutsche Bank Group
Results of operations
Financial Position
Liquidity and capital resources

Risk and capital overview
Risk and capital framework
Risk and Capital Management
Risk and capital performance

Sustainability Statement

192
253
286
325
349

General information
Environmental information
Social information
Governance information
Additional information

368

Employees

370

Internal Control over
Financial Reporting

372

Information pursuant to Section 315a (1)
of the German Commercial Code and
Explanatory Report

376

Corporate Governance Statement
pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of
the German Commercial Code

377

Standalone parent company
information (HGB)

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Executive summary

Operating and financial review
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the
related notes. Deutsche Bank’s operating and financial review includes qualitative and quantitative disclosures on segment
results of operations and entity-wide disclosures on net revenue components as required by International Financial
Reporting Standard (IFRS) 8, “Operating Segments”. For additional business segment disclosure under IFRS 8 please refer
to Note 4 “Business Segments and related information” of the consolidated financial statements. Forward-looking
statements are disclosed in the section “Outlook” in this report.

Executive summary
Global economy
Economic growth (in %)¹

2024²

2023³

Global Economy

3.2

3.2

Of which:
Developed
countries

1.5

1.6

Emerging markets

4.3

4.3

Eurozone Economy

0.7

0.4

Of which: German
economy

(0.2)

(0.3)

U.S. Economy

2.8

2.9

Japanese Economy

(0.2)

1.5

Asian Economy4

5.2

5.3

5.0

5.4

Of which: Chinese
Economy

Main driver

The global economy saw robust growth in 2024. However, growth momentum varied across regions.
While economic growth in Europe was weak, the U.S. economy grew strongly. Also, Asia including India
expanded dynamically. Due to lower inflation, many central banks began lowering interest rates
Economic momentum in developed economies varied regionally. While economic growth in the U.S.
expanded noticeably, momentum in Europe was comparatively weak, and even weaker in Japan. In
Europe and the U.S., central banks began to loosen their monetary policy. In Japan, on the other hand,
there was a slight tightening
Emerging markets grew robustly, led by strong performance in Asia. Growth in European emerging
markets, however, was subdued, reflecting the ongoing impact of geopolitical spillovers and weakness in
some key industrialized trading partners. In many regions, moderately lower inflation provided scope for
central banks to reduce key interest rates
Growth has been largely export-led. Despite lower inflation and rising wages, a real income-driven
consumption recovery has been slow to materialize. Weakening of inflation enabled the ECB to start an
interest rate cut cycle
The German economy shrank slightly for another year, as both domestic and foreign economic drivers
remained weak. Private consumption stagnated despite easing inflation and strong wage growth. The
weakening of the competitive position burdened the manufacturing industry and thus foreign trade. The
labor market showed signs of slowing down
The U.S. economy expanded strongly, despite the restrictive monetary policy. Inflation weakened and
the labor market came more into balance, so that the Federal Reserve was able to slowly begin key
interest rate cuts in the second half of the year
The weak export demand noticeably dampened the Japanese economy. Domestic economic momentum
could not offset the headwinds. As a result of the higher inflation, the Bank of Japan began raising key
interest rates
The Asian economic area benefited from both China's and India's growth contributions, as well as from
the positive development in other economies of the region. The weakening of inflation supported private
household consumption
China's economy faced headwinds from a weak property sector, but benefited from stronger fiscal
support in the second half of the year. Weaker trading partners limited foreign trade momentum. The
Peoples Bank of China loosened monetary policy through various measures

Annual Real GDP Growth (% YoY). Sources: National Authorities unless stated otherwise
Sources: Deutsche Bank Research
Some economic data for 2023 were revised by public statistics authorities due to the economic effects of the pandemic. As a result, this data may differ from that
previously published
4
Includes China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam; excludes Japan
1
2
3

2

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Executive summary

Banking Industry
Dec 31, 2024
Retail
Lending

Corporat
e
Deposits

Retail
Deposits

0.6

0.3

3.5

4.2

0.1

0.8

3.6

5.7

U.S.

1.3

2.0

2.51

2.51

China

9.1

3.4

(0.4)

10.4

Growth year-overyear (in %)

Eurozone

Of which:
Germany

1

Corporat
e
Lending

Main driver

Following a mild contraction at the beginning of 2024, lending to both
companies and households recovered slightly in the last few months, in line
with moderately declining interest rates. Both corporate and retail deposits
picked up reasonable momentum during the course of the year
Contrary to the EU as a whole, corporate lending in Germany stagnated in 2024,
mainly as a result of the weak macro economy. During the year, retail loan
growth fell to the slowest level since 2010, but has since bottomed out. Asset
quality has been deteriorating, with non-performing loans rising in line with
insolvency numbers. There have been signs of a modest turnaround in credit
demand in recent months, according to the bank lending survey. The expansion
in deposits on the other hand accelerated significantly, both with companies
and households
Retail lending slowed in the course of the year as a result of considerably higher
interest rates, while corporate credit continued to expand slightly. Likewise,
higher rates contributed to a moderate recovery in total deposits following two
years of contraction
Lending to households lost further momentum, with year on year growth down
to the weakest level on record (since 2007). Corporate lending slowed too, yet
remained more robust. Deposits developed in the opposite direction: inflows
from private customers slowed but stayed relatively strong, whereas deposits
from businesses shrank

Total U.S. deposits as segment breakdown is not available

The global Origination & Advisory industry fee pool in 2024 rose 25% to exceed € 80 billion, making this the second highest
percentage increase since 2021. While the size of the growth was significant, an increase was expected following the
material fee pool decline seen over the previous two years – 2022 fell 34% from the 2021 peak, 2023 down a further 13%.
The Mergers & Acquisitions fee pool in 2024 exceeded € 30 billion, an increase of 10% compared to 2023, and 30% higher
than the pre-COVID-19 average. In contrast, while equity capital markets experienced significant year on year growth, the
fee pool is still below pre-COVID-19 levels and further growth is anticipated in 2025, especially in the initial public offerings
market. Leverage debt capital markets issuances in 2024 reached record levels as high costs of credit eased somewhat
and sponsors returned to the market. The investment grade debt market equaled record issuance levels from 2020 and
was up 30% from 2023. In Fixed Income, revenue pools remained at elevated levels and Deutsche Bank’s assessment is
that an unusually strong fourth quarter may have pushed levels even higher than in 2023. Foreign exchange activity is
expected to be broadly flat across the ten most traded currencies globally, with Rates revenue pools declining from strong
levels in the prior year driven by several factors, including the continued uncertainty around changes in the global interest
rate environment. Emerging Markets revenue pools looks to have increased in 2024, while within Credit performance is
also expected to be higher than the prior year, as the favorable environment for secondary trading with the general trend
of tightening spreads continued and client demand in financing remained strong.

3

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Executive summary

Deutsche Bank performance
Deutsche Bank’s net profit was € 3.5 billion in 2024, down from € 4.9 billion in 2023. This year on year development
reflected both litigation as well as restructuring and severance charges in 2024 and the non-recurrence of € 1.0 billion in
Deferred Tax Assets (DTA) valuation adjustments which positively impacted 2023. Provision for credit losses was
€ 1.8 billion in 2024, up from € 1.5 billion in 2023, or 38 basis points of average loans, in line with the guidance the bank
provided after the third quarter of 2024. Deutsche Bank announced plans for € 2.1 billion in further capital distributions to
shareholders in 2025. The bank has received supervisory authorization for further share repurchases of € 750 million in
2025 and plans to propose 2024 dividends of € 1.3 billion, or € 0.68 per share, at its Annual General Meeting in May 2025,
up 50% from € 0.45 per share for 2023. These measures would increase cumulative capital distributions to shareholders to
€ 5.4 billion since 2022, in excess of the € 5 billion goal in the bank’s transformation program launched in 2019. The bank
reaffirms its ambition to exceed its capital distribution goal of € 8 billion in respect of the financial years 2021-25, to be
paid in 2022-26.
Profit before tax was € 5.3 billion for the full year 2024, down 7% compared to 2023. Revenues grew by 4% year on year to
€ 30.1 billion. Noninterest expenses were € 23.0 billion, up 6%, and included € 2.6 billion in nonoperating costs relating to
litigation as well as restructuring and severance charges. Adjusted costs, which exclude nonoperating costs, were down
1% to € 20.4 billion. The cost/income ratio was 76% compared to 75% in 2023. Post-tax return on average shareholders’
equity (RoE) was 4.2%, compared to 6.7% in the prior year. Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (RoTE)
was 4.7% in 2024, compared to 7.4% in 2023. The year on year development in both ratios reflected both the litigation as
well as restructuring and severance charges in 2024 and the non-recurrence of the DTA valuation adjustments which
positively impacted 2023.
Key Performance Indicators

Financial targets

Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity¹
Compound annual growth rate of revenues from 20212
Cost/income ratio3
Capital objectives
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio5
Total payout ratio7

Financial
targets and
capital
objectives
2025

Status end of
2024

Status end of
2023

Above 10%
5.5% to 6.5%
Below 62.5%4

4.7%
5.8%
76.3%

7.4%
6.6%
75.1%

~ 13%6
50%8

13.8%
37%

13.7%
21%

Based on profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders after AT1 coupon; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited):
Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report
Twelve months period until the end of the respective reporting period compared to full year 2021
3
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
4
Target ratio until December 31, 2024; reset at the beginning of 2025 to below 65%
5
Further details on the calculation of this ratio are provided in the Risk Report in this report
6
Target ratio while maintaining a buffer of 200 basis points above the bank’s expected maximum distributable amount (MDA) threshold
7
Distributions in form of common share dividend paid and share buybacks for cancellation executed in the reporting period in relation to prior period net income
attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders
8
In respect of financial year 2024 onwards
1

2

Net revenues were € 30.1 billion in 2024, up 4% year on year. Net commissions and fee income grew 13% to € 10.4 billion,
while net interest income in key segments of the banking book remained resilient, reflecting higher deposit volumes and
loan margin expansion. Compound annual revenue growth since 2021 was 5.8% through the end of 2024, in line with the
bank’s target range of 5.5% to 6.5% for the period from 2021 to 2025.
Provision for credit losses was € 1.8 billion in 2024, or 38 basis points of average loans, in line with the guidance the bank
provided after the third quarter of 2024, reflecting specific headwinds including cyclical events in the Commercial Real
Estate sector, certain larger corporate credit events and temporary effects following the Postbank integration. In 2023,
provision for credit losses was € 1.5 billion, or 31 basis points of average loans.
Noninterest expenses were € 23.0 billion in 2024, up 6% year on year. This development was primarily driven by an increase
in nonoperating costs to € 2.6 billion, up from € 1.1 billion in 2023, relating to litigation as well as restructuring and
severance charges. Adjusted costs were € 20.4 billion, down 1% compared to the prior year. Higher compensation and
benefit expenses were largely offset by lower technology and professional services costs during the year. In 2025, the bank
expects to reduce noninterest expenses. Nonoperating costs in 2025 are expected to decrease as litigation as well as
restructuring and severance charges are expected to normalize. Adjusted costs are expected to remain essentially flat
compared to 2024, creating significant operating leverage. The bank is on track to achieve its target of € 2.5 billion euros
in cost savings from its operational efficiency program, which offset additional investments to support further business
growth and increased returns to shareholders beyond 2025. Reflecting both operational efficiencies and additional
investments, the bank now targets a cost/income ratio of below 65% in 2025, slightly above its original target of below
62.5%.

4

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Executive summary

Income tax expense was € 1.8 billion in 2024, compared to an income tax expense of € 787 million in the prior year. The
effective tax rate of 34% in 2024 reflected the above-mentioned costs relating to litigation charges and the nonoccurrence of € 1.0 billion DTA valuation adjustments, which positively impacted 2023.
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 13.8% at the end of 2024, slightly up from 13.7% at the end of 2023. Organic capital
generation offset the combined impacts of dividends, share buybacks and business growth during the year. Capital
efficiency measures, which form part of Deutsche Bank’s accelerated execution of its Global Hausbank strategy, delivered
RWA reductions of € 24 billion during 2024, close to the bank’s end-2025 target of € 25 to € 30 billion.
Adjusted costs and Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity are Non-GAAP financial measures. Please
refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this Annual Report for the definitions
of such measures and reconciliations to the IFRS measures on which they are based.

5

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Deutsche Bank Group

Deutsche Bank Group
Deutsche Bank’s Organisation
Headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Deutsche Bank is the largest bank in Germany and one of the largest
financial institutions in the world, as measured by total assets of € 1,387 billion as of December 31, 2024. As of that date,
the bank had 89,753 full-time equivalent internal employees and operated in 56 countries with 1,307 branches, of which
67% were located in Germany.

Deutsche Bank Value Chain
Deutsche Bank’s business model considers impacts, risks and opportunities in relation to Environmental, Social and
Governance (“ESG”) matters along the bank’s value chain, which includes its upstream value chain, its own operations and
its downstream value chain.
The bank’s upstream value chain includes capital providers such as the bank’s shareholders, bond holders and depositors,
as well as suppliers of goods and services such as providers of banking services, data and technology, consultants and
advisors, workforce services and facility management, amongst others.
Deutsche Bank’s own operations are driven by the bank’s business divisions and infrastructure functions operating in legal
entities and branches across geographic locations, as described below in “Deutsche Bank’s organizational model”. Own
operations also include human resources and the employee representation through the worker’s council.
Deutsche Bank’s downstream value chain includes retail, corporate and institutional clients of the bank’s segments and is
further detailed below in “Deutsche Bank’s organizational model”.
In addition, partnerships such as joint ventures, fintech corporations, cross-industry alliances and distribution channels as
well as resources and the financing, geographical, geopolitical and regulatory environment in general have an impact on
the entire bank’s value chain.

Intangible resources
The most important intangible resources for Deutsche Bank 's business model from an economic point of view are its
customer relationships and its workforce. Other important intangible resources are the bank 's brand name and its data
and software. If required under IFRS, some of these important intangible resources are recognized in the balance sheet as
described in the financial statements.
Impacts, risks and opportunities for the bank’s material topics in relation to sustainability are described in the
“Sustainability Statement”.

Deutsche Bank’s organizational model
As of December 31, 2024, the bank was organized into the following segments:
–
–
–
–
–

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other

Deutsche Bank has a country and regional organizational layer to facilitate a consistent implementation of global
strategies.
The bank has operations or dealings with existing and potential customers in most countries in the world. These operations
and dealings include working through:
– Subsidiaries and branches
– Representative offices
– One or more representatives assigned to serve customers
Capital expenditures or divestitures related to the divisions are included in the respective corporate division overview.

6

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Deutsche Bank Group

Management Structure
The Management Board has structured the Group as a matrix organization, comprising business segments and
infrastructure functions operating in legal entities and branches across geographic locations.
The Management Board is responsible for the management of the company in accordance with the law, the Articles of
Association and the Terms of Reference for the Management Board with the objective of creating sustainable value in the
interests of the company. It considers the interests of shareholders, employees and other company-related stakeholders.
The Management Board manages Deutsche Bank Group in accordance with uniform guidelines; it exercises general control
over all entities and branches.
The Management Board decides on all matters prescribed by law and the Articles of Association and ensures compliance
with the legal requirements and internal guidelines (compliance) and also takes the necessary measures to ensure that
adequate internal guidelines are developed and implemented. The Management Board's responsibilities include the bank’s
strategic management and direction, the allocation of resources, financial accounting and reporting, control and risk
management, as well as corporate control and a properly functioning business organization. The members of the
Management Board are collectively responsible for managing the bank’s business.
The allocation of functional responsibilities to the individual members of the Management Board is described in its
Business Allocation Plan, which sets the framework for the delegation of responsibilities to senior management below the
Management Board. The Management Board endorses individual accountability of senior position holders as opposed to
joint decision-taking in committees. At the same time, the Management Board recognizes the importance of having
comprehensive and robust information across all businesses in order to take well informed decisions. Governance fora are
established across the bank with the purpose of providing the necessary information to support the accountable
individuals in their decision-making process.

Corporate Bank
Corporate Division Overview
Corporate Bank is primarily focused on serving corporate clients, including the German “Mittelstand”, larger and smaller
sized commercial and business banking clients in Germany as well as multinational companies. The division also provides
financial institutions with certain transaction banking services. Corporate Bank reports revenues based on three client
categories: Corporate Treasury Services, Institutional Client Services and Business Banking.
There have been no significant capital expenditures or divestitures since January 1, 2022.
Products and Services
Corporate Bank is a global provider of risk management solutions, cash management, lending, trade finance, trust and
agency services as well as securities services. Cash management services include integrated payments and FX solutions.
Trade finance and lending offering spans from documentary and guarantee business to structured trade finance and
lending. Trust and agency services cover depository receipts, corporate trust and document custody. Focusing on the
finance departments of corporate and commercial clients and financial institutions in Germany and across the globe, its
holistic expertise and global network allows the bank to offer integrated solutions.
In addition to Corporate Bank’s product suite, coverage teams provide clients with access to the expertise of Investment
Bank.
Distribution Channels and Marketing
The corporate coverage function of Corporate Bank focuses on international mid and large corporate clients and is
organized into three units: Global Coverage, MidCorps Coverage and Risk Management Solutions. Coverage includes
multi-product generalists covering headquarter level and subsidiaries via global, regional and local coverage teams for
multinational companies. MidCorps Coverage includes multi-product generalists with a special focus to medium sized
enterprises. Risk Management Solutions includes Foreign Exchange, Emerging Markets and Rates product specialists. This
unit is managed regionally in Asia Pacific Middle East & Africa, Americas and Europe to ensure close connectivity to clients.
Corporate clients are served out of all three of the Corporate Bank’s client categories. Corporate Treasury Services covers
mid and large corporate clients across two brands, Deutsche Bank and Postbank, and offers the whole range of solutions
across cash, trade financing, lending and risk management for the corporate treasurer. Institutional Client Services
comprises of Cash Management for Institutional clients, Trust and Agency Services, as well as Securities Services. Business
Banking covers small corporates and entrepreneur clients and offers a largely standardized product suite and selected
contextual-banking partner offerings (e.g., accounting solutions).

7

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Deutsche Bank Group

Investment Bank
Corporate Division Overview
Investment Bank combines Deutsche Bank’s Fixed Income & Currencies and Origination & Advisory businesses, as well as
Deutsche Bank Research. The Investment Bank focuses on its traditional strengths in these markets, bringing together
wholesale banking expertise across risk management, sales and trading, investment banking and infrastructure. This
enables the Investment Bank to align resourcing and capital across its client and product perimeter to effectively support
the bank’s strategic goals.
In April 2023, Deutsche Bank announced that it reached an agreement on an all-cash offer for the acquisition of Numis
Corporation Plc (“Numis”). On October 13, 2023, Deutsche Bank completed the transaction and acquired a 100% interest
in Numis for a cash purchase price of GBP 397 million. After the initial purchase price allocation, a goodwill of € 233 million
related to the transaction was identified. Deutsche Bank assigned the identified goodwill to the Investment Bank cashgenerating unit (CGU). Given the value of the Investment Bank CGU, the goodwill was considered impaired and written off
in the fourth quarter of 2023.
There have been no significant divestitures since January 1, 2022.
Products and Services
Fixed Income & Currencies is split into two sub-categories: “Fixed Income & Currencies: Financing”, the Financing business,
which provides comprehensive, customized financing solutions across industries and asset classes, and “Fixed Income &
Currencies: Ex-Financing”, which brings together institutional sales, trading and structuring expertise across Foreign
Exchange, Rates, Emerging Markets and Credit Trading. The Fixed Income & Currencies business operates globally and
provides both corporate and institutional clients liquidity, market making services and a range of specialized risk
management solutions across a broad range of Fixed Income & Currencies products. The application of technology and
continued innovation of transaction lifecycle processes is enabling Deutsche Bank to increase
automation/electronification in order to respond to client and regulatory requirements.
Origination & Advisory is responsible for the division’s Debt Origination business, Mergers and Acquisitions, and a focused
Equity Advisory and Origination platform. It is comprised of regional and industry-focused coverage teams, co-led from
the bank’s hubs in Europe, the U.S. and Asia Pacific. This facilitates the delivery of a range of financial products and services
to the bank’s corporate clients.
Distribution Channels and Marketing
Coverage of the Investment Bank’s clients is provided principally by three groups working in conjunction with each other:
The Institutional Client Group, which houses the debt sales team, Investment Banking Coverage within Origination &
Advisory and Risk Management Solutions in Corporate Bank, which covers capital markets and treasury solutions. The close
cooperation between these groups helps to create enhanced synergies leading to increased cross selling of
products/solutions to clients.

8

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Deutsche Bank Group

Private Bank
Corporate Division Overview
Private Bank serves personal and private clients, wealthy individuals, entrepreneurs and families. The international
businesses also focus on commercial clients in selected markets. Private Bank is organized along the client sectors Wealth
Management & Private Banking and Personal Banking.
This customer-focused approach reflects the aim to serve clients in a more targeted and effective way across the Private
Bank. Wealth Management & Private Banking combines the coverage of private banking, high net-worth and ultra-high
net-worth clients, as well as business clients in selected international businesses. The client sector Personal Banking
includes retail and affluent customers as well as commercial banking clients in Italy and Spain (i.e., all small business clients
and small sized corporate clients that are not covered as part of the Wealth Management & Private Banking client sector).
In August 2021, Deutsche Bank SpA signed an agreement to sell its Deutsche Bank Financial Advisors business in Italy to
Zurich Insurance Group (Zurich Italy). The transaction was closed after regulatory approval on October 17, 2022.
There have been no significant capital expenditures since January 1, 2022.
Products and Services
Private Bank’s product range includes payment and account services, credit and deposit products as well as investment
advice. These offerings include a range of ESG products, which enable clients to access ESG compliant lending and
investment products in line with sustainability related values and according to specified ESG strategies, scores and
exclusionary criteria.
Personal Banking Germany pursues a differentiated, customer-focused approach with two strong and complementary
main brands: Deutsche Bank and Postbank. The Deutsche Bank brand focuses on providing its private customers with
banking and financial products and services that include sophisticated and individual advisory solutions. The focus of the
Postbank brand is on providing its retail customers with standard products and daily retail banking services supported by
direct banking capabilities. In cooperation with Deutsche Post DHL AG, the retail bank in Germany also offers postal and
parcel services in the Postbank brand branches. In international markets of Italy, Spain, Belgium and India, the bank
provides retail and affluent customers with daily banking services as well as sophisticated investment advisory solutions.
Wealth Management & Private Banking offers its private banking, high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth clients
globally, bespoke and sophisticated services in planning, managing and investing wealth, financing personal and business
interests and servicing institutional and corporate needs.
Distribution Channels and Marketing
Private Bank pursues an omni-channel approach and customers can flexibly choose between different possibilities to
access services and products.
The distribution channels include branch networks, supported by advisory and customer call centers, self-service terminals
as well as digital offerings including online and mobile banking. Private Bank also has collaborations with self-employed
financial advisors and other sales and cooperation partners, including various cooperations with Business-to-Business-toConsumer partners in Germany. For the Wealth Management & Private Banking client category, the Private Bank has a
distinct client coverage team approach with relationship and investment managers supported by client service executives
assisting clients with wealth management services and open-architecture products. In addition, in Germany, Deutsche
Oppenheim Family Offices AG provides family office services, discretionary funds and advisory solutions.
The expansion of digital capabilities remains a strong focus across the businesses as a significant change in client behavior
towards digital channels is observed. The Private Bank will continue to optimize the omni-channel mix in the future in order
to provide customers with the most convenient access to products and services.

9

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Deutsche Bank Group

Asset Management
Corporate Division Overview
With € 1.0 trillion of assets under management as of December 31, 2024, the Asset Management division, which operates
under the brand DWS, aspires to be a leading asset manager. DWS serves a diverse client base of retail and institutional
investors worldwide, with a strong presence in the bank’s home market in Germany. These clients include large government
institutions, corporations and foundations as well as individual investors. As a regulated asset manager, DWS acts as a
fiduciary for clients and is conscious of its societal impact. Responsible investing has been an important part of DWS’s
heritage for more than twenty years, and it is committed to act and invest in its clients’ best interest.
Deutsche Bank retains 79.49% ownership interest in DWS, and asset management remains a core business for the Group.
The shares of DWS are listed on the Frankfurt stock exchange.
There have been no significant capital expenditures since January 1, 2022.
Products and Services
DWS offers individuals and institutions access to investment capabilities across all major asset classes in active equity,
fixed income, cash, multi asset and systematic and quantitative investments as well as passive investments including
Xtrackers range and alternative investments. Alternative investments include real estate, infrastructure, liquid real assets
and sustainable investments. In addition, DWS’s solution strategies are targeted to client needs that cannot be addressed
by traditional asset classes alone. Such services include insurance and pension solutions, asset-liability management,
portfolio management solutions and asset allocation advisory.
Distribution Channels and Marketing
DWS product offerings are managed by a global investment platform and distributed across EMEA, the Americas and Asia
Pacific through a global distribution network. DWS also leverages third-party distribution channels, including other
divisions of Deutsche Bank Group.

10

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Deutsche Bank Group

Infrastructure
The Infrastructure functions perform control and service activities for the businesses, including tasks relating to Groupwide, cross-divisional resource-planning, steering and control, as well as tasks relating to risk, liquidity and capital
management.
The Infrastructure functions are organized into the following areas of responsibility linked to a dedicated member of the
Management Board:
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

Chief Executive Office
Chief Financial Office
Chief Risk Office
Chief Operating Office
Compliance & Anti-Financial Crime
Legal & Group Governance
Technology, Data and Innovation

Infrastructure also includes Communications & Corporate Social Responsibility, Chief Sustainability Office, Group Audit,
Global Procurement, Global Real Estate, Human Resources and Investor Relations.
In the first quarter of 2023, the bank introduced a Driver-Based Cost Management methodology for the allocation of costs
originated in respective infrastructure functions which aims to provide transparency over the drivers of Infrastructure costs
and links costs more closely to service consumption by segments. During 2023, costs relating to Infrastructure functions
were allocated using an actuals to plan approach, with the exception of technology development costs which were
charged to the divisions based on actual expenditures. Beginning 2024, all infrastructure costs were charged to divisions
based on actual costs and service consumption in support of the bank’s continued focus on cost discipline.

Significant capital expenditures and divestitures
Information on each corporate division’s significant capital expenditures and divestitures for the last three financial years
has been included in the above descriptions of the corporate divisions.
Since January 1, 2022, there have been no public takeover offers by third parties with respect to Deutsche Bank’s shares.

11

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Results of operations
Consolidated results of operations
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.
Condensed consolidated statement of income
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net interest income
Provision for credit losses
Net interest income after provision for credit
losses
Net commissions and fee income¹
Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at
fair value through profit or loss¹
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at amortized
cost
Net income (loss) from equity method
investments
Other income (loss)
Total noninterest income
Memo: Total net revenues²
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible
assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Profit (loss) before tax
Income tax expense (benefit)
Profit (loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to noncontrolling
interests
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders and additional equity components
Profit (loss) attributable to additional equity
components
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

13,065
1,830

13,602
1,505

13,650
1,226

(536)
325

(4)
22

(48)
280

(0)
23

11,235
10,372

12,097
9,206

12,425
9,838

(861)
1,166

(7)
13

(328)
(632)

(3)
(6)

5,987

4,947

2,999

1,040

21

1,948

65

48

(0)

(216)

49

N/M

216

(100)

(11)

(96)

(2)

85

(89)

(94)

N/M

12
619
17,027
30,092
11,731
11,243

(38)
1,259
15,277
28,879
11,131
10,112

152
789
13,560
27,210
10,712
9,728

49
(640)
1,750
1,214
601
1,131

N/M
(51)
11
4
5
11

(190)
469
1,717
1,669
418
384

N/M
59
13
6
4
4

0

233

68

(233)

N/M

165

N/M

(3)
22,971
5,291
1,786
3,505

220
21,695
5,678
787
4,892

(118)
20,390
5,594
(64)
5,659

(223)
1,276
(387)
1,000
(1,387)

N/M
6
(7)
127
(28)

338
1,305
84
851
(767)

N/M
6
2
N/M
(14)

139

119

134

19

16

(15)

(11)

3,366

4,772

5,525

(1,406)

(29)

(753)

(14)

668

560

500

108

19

60

12

2,698

4,212

5,025

(1,514)

(36)

(813)

(16)

N/M – Not meaningful
1
For further details please refer to Note 1 “Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates” of this report
2
Total net revenues defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

12

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Net interest income
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Total interest and similar
income
Total interest expenses
Net interest income
Average interest-earning
assets1
Average interest-bearing
liabilities1
Gross interest yield2
Gross interest rate paid3
Net interest spread4
Net interest margin5

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

49,358

44,074

24,299

5,284

12

19,775

81

36,292
13,065

30,472
13,602

10,649
13,650

5,820
(536)

19
(4)

19,823
(48)

186
(0)

996,118

970,924

982,709

25,194

3

(11,785)

(1)

797,143
4.95%
4.54%
0.40%
1.31%

735,576
4.52%
4.12%
0.40%
1.40%

725,268
2.33%
1.27%
1.06%
1.39%

61,567
0.43ppt
0.42ppt
0.00ppt
(0.09)ppt

8
10
10
0
(6)

10,308
2.19ppt
2.85ppt
(0.66)ppt
0.01ppt

1
94
N/M
(62)
1

N/M – Not meaningful
ppt – Percentage points
1
Average balances for the year calculated based on month-end balances
2
Gross interest yield as the average interest rate earned on average interest-earning assets
3
Gross interest rate paid as the average interest rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities
4
Net interest spread as the difference between the average interest rate earned on average interest-earning assets and the average interest rate paid on average interestbearing liabilities
5
Net interest margin as net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets

2024
Net interest income was € 13.1 billion in 2024, a decrease of € 536 million compared to 2023 primarily driven by a further
normalization of the interest rate environment and the discontinuation of the minimum reserve remuneration. Net interest
income included interest expenses of € 144 million under the Targeted Long-Term Refinancing Operation III (TLTRO III)
program in 2024, whereas 2023 included interest expenses of € 741 million under this program. Overall, the bank’s net
interest margin was at 1.3% in 2024, down 9 basis points compared to the prior year.
2023
Net interest income was € 13.6 billion in 2023, a decrease of € 48 million compared to 2022 primarily driven by higher
interest rates on deposits, which were partly offset by the benefits of higher interest rates on loans. Net interest income
included interest expenses of € 741 million under the Targeted Long-Term Refinancing Operation III (TLTRO III) program
in 2023, whereas 2022 included interest income of € 211 million under this program. Overall, the bank's net interest margin
was at 1.4% in 2023, up 1 basis point compared to the prior year.

13

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

in € m.

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

(unless stated otherwise)

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

Trading income
Net gains (losses) on non-trading
financial assets mandatory at fair value
through profit or loss
Net gains (losses) on financial
assets/liabilities designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Total net gains (losses) on financial
assets/liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss

5,894

4,878

2,782

1,016

21

2,096

75

(65)

217

(61)

(282)

N/M

278

N/M

158

(148)

277

306

N/M

(426)

N/M

5,987

4,947

2,999

1,040

21

1,948

65

N/M – Not meaningful

2024
Net gains on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss amounted to € 6.0 billion in 2024, compared to
€ 4.9 billion in 2023, reflecting an increase of € 1.0 billion, or 21%. This increase was primarily driven by positive impacts
from interest rate hedges in Corporate & Other. Asset Management benefited from positive valuation adjustments
primarily on guaranteed funds, which had a corresponding offset in other income. These gains are partly offset by changes
in the market valuation of derivatives in the Investment Bank.
2023
Net gains on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss were € 4.9 billion in 2023, compared to
€ 3.0 billion in 2022. The increase of € 1.9 billion, or 65% was driven by positive impacts from interest rate hedges in
Corporate & Other and an increase in Asset Management from valuation adjustments on guaranteed funds, which had a
corresponding offset in other income. The Investment Bank benefited from the non-recurrence of prior year losses on loan
commitments and hedge activities in 2023. These drivers were partly offset by decreases in the Private Bank, mainly due
to lower mark-to-market impacts from hedge activities, which had a partial offsetting effect in other income, and
revaluation losses in the Corporate Bank compared to gains in the prior year.

14

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss
The bank’s trading and risk management activities include interest rate instruments and related derivatives. Under IFRS,
interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
(i.e., coupon and dividend income) and the costs of funding net trading positions are part of net interest income. The bank’s
trading activities can periodically shift income between net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial
assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors, including risk management strategies.
In order to provide a more business focused discussion, the following table presents net interest income and net gains
(losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss by corporate division.
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net interest income
Total net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss
Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on
financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss
Breakdown by corporate division:1
Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on
financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

13,065

13,602

13,650

(536)

(4)

(48)

(0)

5,987

4,947

2,999

1,040

21

1,948

65

19,052

18,549

16,649

504

3

1,899

11

4,919
8,395
5,998
269
(529)

5,067
8,102
6,377
(11)
(986)

3,720
8,265
6,610
(250)
(1,696)

(147)
293
(379)
280
457

(3)
4
(6)
N/M
(46)

1,346
(163)
(233)
239
710

36
(2)
(4)
(95)
(42)

19,052

18,549

16,649

504

3

1,899

11

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
This breakdown reflects net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss; for a discussion of the corporate
divisions’ total revenues by product please refer to Note 4 “Business Segments and related information” of this report

2024
Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss amounted
to € 19.1 billion in 2024, compared to € 18.5 billion in 2023. The increase of € 0.5 billion compared to the prior year was
mainly driven by higher net gains on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The Investment Bank
recorded an increase of € 0.3 billion, primarily driven by higher net interest income partly offset by lower net gains on
financial assets/liabilities mainly from a lower mark-to-market from derivatives in FIC Ex-Financing. Net interest income
and net gains (losses) in Asset Management increased by € 0.3 billion, reflecting a more favorable valuation adjustment
primarily on guaranteed funds with offset in other income. In the Private Bank, net interest income and net gains (losses)
decreased by € 0.4 billion, mainly due to higher funding costs and hedging activities partially offset by growth in deposits
and lending. In the Corporate Bank, net interest income and net gains (losses) decreased by € 0.1 billion, primarily due to
lower interest income and higher funding costs. The overall increase was predominantly supported by Corporate & Other,
which recorded an improvement of approximately € 0.5 billion, primarily benefiting from positive impacts from interest
rate hedges.
2023
Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss were
€ 18.5 billion in 2023, compared to € 16.6 billion in 2022, an increase of € 1.9 billion. This impact was largely attributable
to an overall increase in net interest income and positive impacts from interest rate hedges. In the Corporate Bank, total
net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss increased by
€ 1.3 billion, primarily due to higher net interest income driven by an improved interest rate environment and continued
pricing discipline. Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit
or loss in Investment Bank decreased by € 0.2 billion due to lower net interest income, partly offset by mark-to-market
gains on derivatives in FIC. Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss in the Private Bank decreased by € 0.2 billion compared to 2022, driven by mark-to-market impacts from
hedge activities, with an offsetting effect in other income, partly offset by higher interest income from an improved interest
rate environment. The overall movement was supported by positive impacts in Corporate & Other amounting to
approximately € 0.7 billion, including benefits from interest rate hedges, as well as in Asset Management of € 0.2 billion,
mainly from a more favorable change in the fair value of guarantees.

15

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Provision for credit losses
2024
Provision for credit losses was € 1.8 billion in 2024, up from € 1.5 billion in 2023 and 38 basis points (bps) of average loans,
in line with the guidance the bank provided after the third quarter. The increase was driven by cyclical events in the
commercial real estate sector, certain larger corporate credit events and temporary effects following the Postbank
integration. The wider portfolios performed broadly in line with expectations despite the challenging macroeconomic and
interest rate environment.
2023
Provision for credit losses was € 1.5 billion in 2023, up from € 1.2 billion in 2022 or 31 basis points of average loans
reflecting the continued challenging macroeconomic and interest rate conditions for parts of the credit portfolio during
the year. In particular, the Commercial Real Estate sector, and specifically the office sector, was affected by a post-COVID19-pandemic-driven change in demand and came under further pressure from interest rate increases, which led to higher
refinancing risks. Provision for non-performing loans related to Stage 3 was € 1.5 billion, spread across various regions and
segments, including a notable share of € 400 million related to Commercial Real Estate, especially affecting the
Investment Bank. Stage 1 and Stage 2 provision for performing loans was a release of € 33 million, driven by an improved
macro-economic outlook compared to 2022 and benefits from model-related changes.
The sections “Segment results of operations” and “Risk Report” provide further details on provision for credit losses.

Remaining noninterest income
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net commissions and fee income1
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at amortized
cost
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
Other income (loss)
Total remaining noninterest income
1

includes:
Net commissions and fees from fiduciary activities:
Commissions for administration
Commissions for assets under management
Commissions for other securities
Total
Net commissions, broker’s fees, mark-ups on
securities
underwriting and other securities activities:
Underwriting and advisory fees
Brokerage fees
Total
Net fees for other customer services
Total net commissions and fee income

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

10,372

9,206

9,838

1,166

13

(632)

(6)

48

(0)

(216)

49

N/M

216

(100)

(11)
12
619
11,040

(96)
(38)
1,259
10,330

(2)
152
789
10,561

85
49
(640)
710

(89)
N/M
(51)
7

(94)
(190)
469
(231)

N/M
N/M
59
(2)

317
4,022
433
4,772

280
3,700
441
4,421

300
3,792
490
4,582

37
322
(8)
351

13
9
(2)
8

(19)
(93)
(49)
(161)

(6)
(2)
(10)
(4)

1,669
455
2,124
3,476
10,372

1,105
366
1,471
3,314
9,206

1,283
540
1,824
3,432
9,838

564
89
653
162
1,166

51
24
44
5
13

(179)
(174)
(353)
(119)
(632)

(14)
(32)
(19)
(3)
(6)

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year

16

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Net commissions and fee income
2024
Net commissions and fee income was € 10.4 billion in 2024, an increase of € 1.2 billion or 13% compared to 2023. The
increase was driven by higher underwriting and advisory fees in Origination & Advisory in the Investment Bank and a
particularly strong contribution from the Trade Finance business in the Corporate Bank. In addition, higher management
fees in Asset Management from higher assets under management contributed to the increase.
2023
Net commissions and fee income was € 9.2 billion in 2023, a decrease of € 632 million or 6% compared to 2022. The
decrease was driven by lower intermediary fees and transactional revenues as well as changes in contractual conditions in
the Private Bank and lower fee income in the Investment Bank primarily due to lower Merger & Acquisition activities. In
addition, the decrease was also driven by lower management fees from unfavorable market conditions coupled with
margin compression in Asset Management.
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
2024
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income were € 48 million in 2024 and
€ (0) million in 2023, mainly driven by a sale of bonds and securities from the strategic liquidity reserve.
2023
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income were € (0) million in 2023 and
€ (216) million in 2022, with the result in 2022 driven by a sale of bonds and securities from the strategic liquidity reserve.
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at amortized cost
2024
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at amortized cost were € (11) million in 2024 compared to € (96) million in 2023, driven
by sales primarily related to the hold-to-collect portfolio.
2023
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at amortized cost were € (96) million in 2023 compared to € (2) million in 2022, driven
by realized losses on disposal of loans held in the hold to collect portfolio.
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2024
Net income (loss) from equity method investments was € 12 million in 2024 compared to € (38) million in 2023, an increase
of € 49 million, mainly related to an upward valuation of the underlying loan assets in Harvest Fund Management Company
Limited.
2023
Net income (loss) from equity method investments was € (38) million in 2023 compared to € 152 million in 2022, a decrease
of € 190 million, mainly related to the downward valuation of the underlying loan assets in Huarong Rongde Asset
Management Company Limited as well as a gain on exit in 2022 which did not repeat in 2023.
Other income (loss)
2024
Other income (loss) was € 619 million in 2024 compared to € 1.3 billion in 2023. The decrease was primarily related to the
market movements in the hedge portfolio compared to gains in 2023.
2023
Other income (loss) was € 1.3 billion in 2023 compared to € 789 million in 2022. The improvement was primarily related to
gains in the hedging portfolios and the non-recurrence from gains on disposal of assets held for sale, including a gain from
the sale of the Deutsche Bank Financial Advisors business in Italy, as well as from workout activities related to Sal.
Oppenheim recognized in other revenues in 2022. This was partly offset by an unfavorable impact from valuation
adjustments on fair value of guarantees in Asset Management, which had a corresponding offset in net gains (losses) on
financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit and loss.

17

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Noninterest expenses
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses¹
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible
assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
N/M – Not meaningful
includes:
Information Technology
Occupancy, furniture and equipment
expenses
Regulatory, tax & insurance2
Professional services
Banking Services and outsourced operations
Market Data and Research services
Travel expenses
Marketing expenses
Other expenses3
Total general and administrative expenses

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

11,731
11,243

11,131
10,112

10,712
9,728

601
1,131

5
11

418
384

4
4

0
(3)
22,971

233
220
21,695

68
(118)
20,390

(233)
(223)
1,276

N/M
N/M
6

165
338
1,305

N/M
N/M
6

3,610

3,755

3,680

(145)

(4)

76

2

1,624
1,028
763
964
400
153
149
2,552
11,243

1,478
1,399
899
964
374
143
203
899
10,112

1,429
1,285
858
881
378
110
165
943
9,728

147
(371)
(136)
1
26
10
(54)
1,654
1,131

10
(27)
(15)
0
7
7
(26)
184
11

49
114
41
82
(4)
33
37
(44)
384

3
9
5
9
(1)
30
23
(5)
4

1

2
3

Includes bank levy of € 172 million in 2024, € 528 million in 2023 and € 762 million in 2022
Includes litigation related expenses of € 2,035 million in 2024, € 311 million in 2023 and € 413 million in 2022. For more details, please refer to Note 27 “Provisions” of
this report

Compensation and benefits
2024
Compensation and benefits increased by € 601 million or 5% to € 11.7 billion in 2024 compared to € 11.1 billion in 2023.
The increase was driven mainly by higher performance-related compensation, wage growth and increases in internal
workforce related to the bank’s targeted investments as part of the bank’s Global Hausbank strategy, as well higher
severance costs.
2023
Compensation and benefits increased by € 418 million or 4% to € 11.1 billion in 2023 compared to € 10.7 billion in 2022.
The increase was driven mainly by wage growth, an increase in external workforce as well as an increase in severance costs
resulting from the accelerated execution of the bank’s Global Hausbank strategy.
General and administrative expenses
2024
General and administrative expenses increased by € 1.1 billion, or 11%, to € 11.2 billion in 2024 compared to € 10.1 billion
in 2023. The increase was driven by an increase in other expenses, mainly due to increased litigation charges related to the
Postbank takeover litigation matter and the Polish FX Mortgage matters as well as the reversal of the RusChemAlliance
indemnification asset. This was partly offset by a decrease in bank levies of € 355 million in 2024, lower fees for professional
services and lower expenses in information technology mainly relating to lower vendor costs and lower IT platform costs.
2023
General and administrative expenses increased by € 384 million, or 4%, to € 10.1 billion in 2023 compared to € 9.7 billion
in 2022. The increase was driven by higher expenses in information technology mainly relating to increased vendor and
software costs as well as higher operational taxes. This was partly offset by lower litigation expenses which decreased by
€ 103 million, related to a release of litigation provision and a decrease in bank levies of € 235 million.
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
2024
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets was € 0 million in 2024 compared to € 233 million in 2023 relating to
the impaired goodwill of Numis in the Investment Bank.
2023
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets was € 233 million in 2023 relating to the impaired goodwill of Numis in
the Investment Bank, compared to € 68 million in 2022 relating to a historic acquisition of an unamortized intangible asset
associated with U.S. mutual fund retail contracts in Asset Management.

18

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Restructuring
2024
Restructuring activities were a release of € (3) million in 2024 compared to charges of € 220 million in 2023. The
development in both periods was primarily driven by Private Bank in the context of the execution of strategic initiatives.
2023
Restructuring activities were charges of € 220 million in 2023 compared to a release of € (118) million in 2022. The charges
were driven primarily by Private Bank in the context of the execution of strategic initiatives.
Income tax expense
2024
Income tax expense was € 1.8 billion in 2024, compared to € 787 million in the prior year. The effective tax rate in 2024 of
34% was mainly affected by litigation charges that are non-tax deductible.
2023
Income tax expense was € 787 million in 2023, compared to an income tax benefit of € 64 million in the prior year. The
effective tax rate in 2023 of 14% benefited from positive year end deferred tax asset valuation adjustments of € 1.0 billion,
largely reflecting continuously strong performance in the UK.
Net profit (loss)
2024
Net profit in 2024 was € 3.5 billion, compared to € 4.9 billion in the prior year. The decrease in net profit was primarily
driven by the aforementioned increase in litigation expenses and higher income tax expenses compared to 2023.
2023
Net profit in 2023 was € 4.9 billion, compared to € 5.7 billion in the prior year. The decrease in net profit was primarily
driven by the aforementioned increase in income tax expense compared to 2022, including the aforementioned year end
deferred tax asset valuation adjustments.

19

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Segment results of operations
The following section is a discussion of the results of the business segments. Please refer to Note 4 “Business Segments
and related information” to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding:
– Changes in the format of the bank’s segment disclosure
– The framework of the bank’s management reporting systems
Deutsche Bank’s segment reporting follows the organizational structure as reflected in the Group’s internal management
reporting systems, which are the basis for assessing the financial performance of the business segments and for allocating
resources to them. The segmentation is based on the structure of the Group as of December 31, 2024. Prior years’
comparatives were aligned to the presentation in the current year.
2024
Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Net revenues1
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax

7,506
347

10,558
549

9,386
851

2,649
(1)

(6)
83

30,092
1,830

1,603
3,481
0
(1)
5,084
0
2,075

2,682
3,979
0
(0)
6,661
5
3,343

2,934
4,372
0
(3)
7,304
0
1,231

919
904
0
0
1,823
194
632

3,593
(1,494)
0
0
2,099
(199)
(1,989)

11,731
11,243
0
(3)
22,971
0
5,291

Assets (in € bn)2
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)
Additions to non-current assets
Deposits (in € bn)
Average allocated shareholders' equity

280
117
12
313
11,682

756
110
3
22
23,672

324
257
160
320
13,990

11
0
30
0
5,329

17
0
1,884
11
10,089

1,387
485
2,091
666
64,763

Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity4,5
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity4,5
Cost/income ratio6

78
11
339
26,317
11.7%

130
15
593
20,107
9.1%

97
14
336
37,072
5.2%

18
5
10
5,169
8.0%

34
13
38
1,088
N/M

357
58
1,316
89,753
4.2%

12.6%
67.7%

9.4%
63.1%

5.2%
77.8%

18.0%
68.8%

N/M
N/M

4.7%
76.3%

4,960
(1)

3,398
(46)

5,786
21

25
36

(1,104)
2

13,065
12

90

379

102

451

6

1,028

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

includes:
Net interest income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2
includes:
Equity method investments

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

1

N/M – Not meaningful
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
5
The post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity at the Group level reflects the reported effective tax rate for the Group,
which was 34% for the year ended December 31, 2024; for the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the
segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were
28% for the year ended December 31, 2024; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this
report
6
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

20

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

2023
Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Net revenues1
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax

7,718
266

9,160
431

9,571
783

2,383
(1)

47
26

28,879
1,505

1,530
3,122
0
(4)
4,648
0
2,804

2,526
4,091
233
(3)
6,847
3
1,879

2,805
4,696
0
228
7,730
0
1,058

891
934
0
0
1,825
163
396

3,378
(2,731)
0
(1)
646
(166)
(459)

11,131
10,112
233
220
21,695
0
5,678

Assets (in € bn)2
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)
Additions to non-current assets
Deposits (in € bn)
Average allocated shareholders' equity

264
117
13
289
11,547

658
101
89
18
23,544

331
261
90
308
13,219

10
0
73
0
5,157

49
0
1,853
7
9,543

1,312
479
2,118
622
63,011

Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity4,5
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity4,5
Cost/income ratio6

69
6
307
25,439
16.6%

140
22
546
20,063
4.8%

86
8
339
38,411
4.8%

15
3
10
4,963
5.1%

40
19
39
1,254
N/M

350
57
1,240
90,130
6.7%

17.8%
60.2%

4.9%
74.7%

5.2%
80.8%

12.0%
76.6%

N/M
N/M

7.4%
75.1%

5,115
(6)

3,013
(70)

6,156
(5)

(124)
42

(557)
2

13,602
(38)

91

413

84

420

5

1,013

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

includes:
Net interest income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2
includes:
Equity method investments

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

1

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
5
The post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity at the Group level reflects the reported effective tax rate for the Group,
which was 14% for the year ended December 31, 2023; for the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the
segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were
28% for the year ended December 31, 2023; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this
report
6
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

21

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

2022
Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Net revenues1
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax

6,337
335

10,016
319

9,152
583

2,608
(2)

(902)
(9)

27,210
1,226

1,416
2,790
0
(19)
4,187
0
1,816

2,379
4,061
0
15
6,455
15
3,228

2,783
4,193
0
(113)
6,863
0
1,705

899
883
68
0
1,850
174
585

3,235
(2,199)
0
(2)
1,035
(190)
(1,739)

10,712
9,728
68
(118)
20,390
0
5,594

Assets (in € bn)2
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)
Additions to non-current assets
Deposits (in € bn)
Average allocated shareholders' equity

258
122
3
289
11,668

677
103
4
16
22,478

333
265
177
317
12,945

10
0
41
0
5,437

60
(1)
2,267
(1)
7,465

1,337
489
2,494
621
59,994

Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity4,5
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity4,5
Cost/income ratio6

74
5
321
22,621
10.3%

139
23
530
17,946
9.3%

88
8
344
37,710
8.6%

13
3
9
4,778
7.3%

46
19
36
1,876
N/M

360
58
1,240
84,930
8.4%

11.1%
66.1%

9.6%
64.4%

9.2%
75.0%

17.0%
70.9%

N/M
N/M

9.4%
74.9%

3,628
4

3,467
50

5,222
27

(65)
66

1,399
6

13,650
152

90

501

99

415

20

1,124

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

includes:
Net interest income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2
includes:
Equity method investments

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

1

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
5
The post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity at the Group level reflects the reported effective tax rate for the Group,
which was (1)% for the year ended December 31, 2022; for the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the
segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were
28% for the year ended December 31, 2022; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this
report
6
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

22

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Corporate Bank
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Corporate Treasury Services
Institutional Client Services
Business Banking
Total net revenues
Of which:
Net interest income
Net commissions and fee income
Remaining income
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Deposits (in € bn)1
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)1
Cost/income ratio4
Post-tax return on average shareholders' equity5,6
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity5,6

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

4,223
1,956
1,326
7,506

4,399
1,895
1,424
7,718

3,827
1,580
930
6,337

(176)
62
(98)
(212)

(4)
3
(7)
(3)

572
314
494
1,381

15
20
53
22

4,960
2,434
111
347

5,115
2,328
275
266

3,628
2,356
354
335

(154)
106
(164)
81

(3)
5
(59)
30

1,487
(28)
(79)
(68)

41
(1)
(22)
(20)

1,603
3,481
0
(1)
5,084
0
2,075

1,530
3,122
0
(4)
4,648
0
2,804

1,416
2,790
0
(19)
4,187
0
1,816

73
359
0
4
436
0
(729)

5
12
N/M
(86)
9
N/M
(26)

114
332
0
15
461
0
988

8
12
N/M
(77)
11
N/M
54

7,943

7,682

7,332

261

3

350

5

8,089

7,976

7,114

113

1

862

12

10,285
26,317
280
78
11
339
313
117
67.7%
11.7%

9,781
25,439
264
69
6
307
289
117
60.2%
16.6%

8,175
22,621
258
74
5
321
289
122
66.1%
10.3%

504
878
16
9
5
33
23
(0)
N/M
N/M

5
3
6
13
94
11
8
(0)
7.5ppt
(4.8)ppt

1,606
2,818
6
(5)
0
(14)
1
(5)
N/M
N/M

20
12
2
(7)
5
(4)
0
(4)
(5.8)ppt
6.2ppt

12.6%

17.8%

11.1%

N/M

(5.3)ppt

N/M

6.8ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
5
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
6
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

23

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

2024
Profit before tax was € 2.1 billion in 2024, down by 26% from 2023, primarily driven by higher noninterest expenses. Posttax return on average shareholders’ equity was 11.7%, down from 16.6% in the prior year, and post-tax return on average
tangible shareholders’ equity was 12.6%, down from 17.8%. The cost/income ratio was 68%, up from 60% in 2023.
Net revenues were € 7.5 billion, 3% lower year on year as the normalization of deposit margins was mostly offset by higher
deposit volumes and growth in net commissions and fee income. Corporate Treasury Services revenues were € 4.2 billion,
down 4% year on year, driven by lower deposit margins mostly offset by higher deposit volumes and growth in net
commissions and fee income. Institutional Client Services revenues rose 3% year on year to € 2.0 billion, driven by growth
in Securities Services and Trust and Agency Services. Business Banking revenues were € 1.3 billion, down 7% year on year,
driven by the normalization of deposit margins.
Provision for credit losses was € 347 million in 2024, or 30 basis points of average loans, up from € 266 million in the last
year, mainly driven by certain larger corporate credit events.
Noninterest expenses were € 5.1 billion, up 9% year on year, driven by a litigation item, while adjusted costs rose 2% year
on year to € 4.6 billion driven by higher internal service cost allocations and front office investments.
2023
Profit before tax of the Corporate Bank was € 2.8 billion for the full year 2023, up from € 1.8 billion in 2022, driven by
higher revenues and lower provision for credit losses, partly offset by higher noninterest expenses. Post-tax return on
average shareholders’ equity was 16.6%, up from 10.3% in the prior year. Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity was 17.8%, up from 11.1% in the prior year. The cost/income ratio was 60%, down from 66% in 2022.
Net revenues were € 7.7 billion, 22% higher year on year, driven by increased interest rates and continued pricing discipline,
while net commissions and fee income remained essentially flat. Corporate Treasury Services revenues were € 4.4 billion,
up 15% year on year, Institutional Client Services revenues rose 20% year on year to € 1.9 billion and Business Banking
revenues were € 1.4 billion, up 53% year on year.
Provision for credit losses in 2023 was € 266 million, or 23 basis points of average loans, compared to provisions of
€ 335 million, or 28 basis points of average loans, in 2022. The reduction reflects releases of Stage 1 and 2 provisions driven
by improved macroeconomic outlook and model changes.
Noninterest expenses were € 4.6 billion, up 11% year on year, mainly due to increased nonoperating costs, internal service
cost allocations and noncompensation direct costs.

24

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Investment Bank
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Fixed Income & Currencies (FIC)
Fixed Income & Currencies: Financing
Fixed Income & Currencies: Ex-Financing
Origination & Advisory
Debt Origination
Equity Origination
Advisory
Research and Other
Total net revenues
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Deposits (in € bn)1
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)1
Cost/income ratio4
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity5,6
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity5,6

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

8,610
3,205
5,405
2,012
1,290
187
535
(64)
10,558
549

7,893
2,867
5,026
1,246
843
102
301
21
9,160
431

8,861
2,953
5,909
998
412
101
485
157
10,016
319

717
339
378
765
447
84
234
(85)
1,398
119

9
12
8
61
53
82
78
N/M
15
28

(968)
(86)
(882)
249
431
1
(184)
(136)
(856)
112

(11)
(3)
(15)
25
105
1
(38)
(87)
(9)
35

2,682
3,979
0
(0)
6,661
5
3,343

2,526
4,091
233
(3)
6,847
3
1,879

2,379
4,061
0
15
6,455
15
3,228

155
(111)
(233)
3
(186)
2
1,463

6
(3)
N/M
(98)
(3)
52
78

147
30
233
(18)
391
(12)
(1,348)

6
1
N/M
N/M
6
(79)
(42)

4,869

4,843

4,333

26

1

510

12

3,129

3,120

2,811

9

0

309

11

12,109
20,107
756
130
15
593
22
110
63.1%
9.1%

12,101
20,063
658
140
22
546
18
101
74.7%
4.8%

10,802
17,946
677
139
23
530
16
103
64.4%
9.3%

8
44
98
(10)
(7)
46
4
9
N/M
N/M

0
0
15
(7)
(32)
8
23
9
(11.6)ppt
4.3ppt

1,299
2,117
(18)
0
(2)
17
1
(2)
N/M
N/M

12
12
(3)
0
(7)
3
9
(2)
10.3ppt
(4.5)ppt

9.4%

4.9%

9.6%

N/M

4.4ppt

N/M

(4.6)ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
5
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
6
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

25

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

2024
Profit before tax was € 3.3 billion in 2024, up by 78% year on year, with growth across both Fixed Income and Currencies
(FIC) and Origination & Advisory revenues, combined with the non-repeat of a goodwill impairment in 2023, partially offset
by higher provision for credit losses in 2024. Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity was 9.1%, up from 4.8% in
2023, and post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 9.4%, up from 4.9%. The cost/income ratio was
63%, down from 75% in 2023.
Net revenues were € 10.6 billion, 15% higher year on year reflecting market share gains in a growing Origination & Advisory
fee pool, as well as strength in FIC. FIC ex. Financing revenues were € 5.4 billion, an increase of 8% year on year benefiting
from strength in Credit Trading and increased client engagement more broadly. FIC Financing revenues grew 12% to
€ 3.2 billion driven by both increased net interest income and higher commission and fees. Origination & Advisory revenues
rose 61% year on year to € 2.0 billion primary due to increasing market share by around 50 basis points, combined with
industry fee pool growth during the year (source: Dealogic).
Provision for credit losses was € 549 million in the year, or 52 basis points of average loans, and significantly higher year
on year, reflecting increased Stage 3 provisions, primarily in CRE.
Noninterest expenses were € 6.7 billion in 2024, down 3% year on year, mainly reflecting the non-repeat of a goodwill
impairment in 2023. Adjusted costs were essentially flat at € 6.4 billion, with the full year impact of strategic investments
in the second half of 2023 and adverse FX impact largely offset by a reduction in bank levies.
2023
Profit before tax in 2023 was € 1.9 billion, down € 1.3 billion, or 42% compared to 2022. This reflects a decline in FIC
revenues compared to a very strong prior year, higher costs driven by strategic investments into the business, including
the acquisition of Numis, and increased provision for credit losses. Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity was
4.8%, down from 9.3% in the prior year. Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 4.9%, down from 9.6%
in the prior year. The cost/income ratio in 2023 was 75%, compared to 64% in 2022.
Net revenues were € 9.2 billion, a decrease of € 856 million, or 9% year on year. Revenues in FIC were € 7.9 billion, down
€ 968 million, or 11% compared to 2022, which was the best FIC revenue performance in a decade. Revenues in Rates,
Emerging Markets and Foreign Exchange were all significantly lower, reflecting reduced levels of market volatility and
activity. Credit Trading revenues were significantly higher due to the improved performance of Credit Flow following
investments into the business. Financing revenues were robust and essentially flat to the prior year.
Origination & Advisory revenues were € 1.2 billion, an increase of € 249 million, or 25% year on year. This was primarily
driven by the non-recurrence of material leveraged lending markdowns in Leveraged Debt Capital Markets. Investment
Grade debt revenues were lower, reflecting a decline in the industry fee pool (source: Dealogic). Advisory revenues were
significantly lower due to reduced levels of announced deals coming into 2023. Equity Origination revenues were
essentially flat to the prior year.
Research and Other revenues were € 21 million, compared to positive € 157 million in 2022. The year on year decrease was
materially driven by a loss of € 47 million relating to the impact of debt valuation adjustments on certain derivative
liabilities versus a gain of € 49 million in the prior year.
Provision for credit losses was € 431 million, or 42 basis points of average loans, an increase of € 112 million year on year
due to increased levels of stage 3 impairments, primarily in relation to Commercial Real Estate.
Noninterest expenses in 2023 were € 6.8 billion, an increase of € 391 million or 6% year on year, primarily driven by an
impairment of Goodwill due to the Numis acquisition, as well as strategic investments made across the business and in line
with the previously communicated strategy.

26

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Private Bank
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues:
Personal Banking
Wealth Management & Private Banking
Total net revenues
of which:
Net interest income
Net commissions and fee income
Remaining income
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses:
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Deposits (in € bn)1
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)1
Assets under Management (in € bn)1,4
Net flows (in € bn)
Cost/income ratio5
Post-tax return on average shareholders' equity6,7
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity6,7

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

5,304
4,082
9,386

5,570
4,000
9,571

5,005
4,147
9,152

(267)
82
(185)

(5)
2
(2)

566
(147)
419

11
(4)
5

5,786
2,956
643
851

6,156
2,852
563
783

5,222
3,155
775
583

(370)
104
80
68

(6)
4
14
9

934
(303)
(212)
201

18
(10)
(27)
34

2,934
4,372
0
(3)
7,304
0
1,231

2,805
4,696
0
228
7,730
0
1,058

2,783
4,193
0
(113)
6,863
0
1,705

130
(324)
0
(231)
(426)
(0)
173

5
(7)
N/M
N/M
(6)
(45)
16

22
503
0
341
866
(0)
(648)

1
12
N/M
N/M
13
(12)
(38)

16,961

18,403

18,853

(1,442)

(8)

(450)

(2)

7,917

7,802

8,018

115

1

(216)

(3)

12,193
37,072
324
97
14
336
320
257
633
29
77.8%
5.2%

12,205
38,411
331
86
8
339
308
261
578
23
80.8%
4.8%

10,839
37,710
333
88
8
344
317
265
543
31
75.0%
8.6%

(12)
(1,339)
(7)
11
7
(2)
13
(4)
55
6
N/M
N/M

(0)
(3)
(2)
13
88
(1)
4
(1)
10
26
(2.9)ppt
0.4ppt

1,366
701
(2)
(1)
0
(6)
(10)
(4)
35
(8)
N/M
N/M

13
2
(1)
(2)
0
(2)
(3)
(1)
6
(26)
5.8ppt
(3.8)ppt

5.2%

5.2%

9.2%

N/M

0.1ppt

N/M

(4.0)ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Assets under Management include assets held on behalf of customers for investment purposes and/or client assets that are advised or managed by Deutsche Bank. They
are managed on a discretionary or advisory basis or are deposited with the bank. Deposits are considered Assets under Management if they serve investment purposes. In
Personal Banking, this includes Term deposits and Savings deposits. In Wealth Management & Private Banking (excl. Business Banking), it is assumed that all customer
deposits are held with the bank primarily for investment purposes and accordingly are classified as Assets under Management. Within the Private Bank business ‘Wealth
Management & Private Banking’, private clients benefit from a wider product range with increased emphasis on investment advice. As a result, starting 2024, demand
deposits of Private Banking in Germany were reclassified to Assets under Management, ensuring a consistent treatment within ‘Wealth Management & Private Banking’. In
instances in which Private Bank distributes investment products qualifying as Assets under Management which are managed by DWS, these assets are reported as Assets
under Management for Private Bank and for Asset Management (DWS) because they are two distinct, independent qualifying services
5
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
6
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
7
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

2024
Private Bank reported a profit before tax of € 1.2 billion in 2024, up € 173 million or 16% year on year reflecting slightly
lower noninterest expenses. Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity increased to 5.2% compared to 4.8% in 2023,
while post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity remained the same at 5.2%. The cost/income ratio of 78%,
improved compared to 81% in the prior year.
Net revenues were € 9.4 billion in 2024, down 2% year on year. Net interest income declined by 6% in an environment of
normalizing interest rates; this was partly offset by growth in investment products, reflecting the Private Bank’s strategy
of growing noninterest income.

27

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

In Personal Banking, net revenues were down 5% year on year to € 5.3 billion in 2024, reflecting continued higher funding
costs, including the impact from minimum reserves, certain hedging costs and higher Group neutral central treasury
allocation to the segment. These impacts were partly offset by growth in deposit revenues during 2024.
In Wealth Management & Private Banking, net revenues grew by 2% year on year to € 4.1 billion in 2024. Higher investment
product revenues, as well as slightly higher lending revenues, were partially offset by lower deposit revenues.
Provision for credit losses was € 851 million, or 33 basis points of average loans, compared to 30 basis points of average
loans in the prior year. The increase mainly reflected the continued elevated transitory effects from Postbank integration.
Overall, the quality of the segment’s portfolios remains very solid.
Noninterest expenses were € 7.3 billion in 2024, down 6% year-on-year including lower direct restructuring and severance
cost and the nonrecurrence of provisions for individual litigation cases. The improvement in adjusted cost by 4% to
7.0 billion in 2024 reflecting normalized investment spend and benefits from transformation initiatives including workforce
reductions and the closure of 125 branches in 2024, as well as lower regulatory costs, partially offset by inflation impacts.
Assets under management were € 633 billion at year end 2024, up € 55 billion in the year. The increase was mainly
supported by net inflows of € 29 billion, as well as € 20 billion positive market movements, and € 9 billion of positive
foreign exchange movements.
2023
Private Bank recorded a profit before tax of € 1.1 billion in 2023, compared to € 1.7 billion in the prior year, a decline of
38%. The year-on-year development reflected significant nonoperating costs and revenue items. Nonoperating costs were
€ 468 million in 2023, compared to a benefit of € 147 million in 2022. Furthermore, 2022 revenues included € 430 million
in specific items which did not recur in 2023. These items impacted key ratios, with the cost/income ratio rising to 81%,
from 75% in the prior year, while post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity declined to 4.8%, from 8.6% in 2022 and
post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity declined to 5.2%, from 9.2% in the prior year. Excluding
nonoperating cost and specific revenue items, profit before tax would have been up 35% year on year.
Net revenues were € 9.6 billion, up 5% year on year, or up 10% if adjusted for the non-recurrence of the aforementioned
€ 430 million of specific items from last year. These included a gain of approximately € 310 million from the sale of the
Deutsche Bank Financial Advisors business in Italy, and positive impacts from Sal. Oppenheim workout activities. Revenue
growth was driven by higher net interest income from deposit products, partly offset by lower fee income and lower loan
revenues in a rising interest rate environment. The Private Bank attracted net inflows into assets under management of
€ 23 billion in 2023, with net inflows in both investment products and deposits. Loan development reflected lower client
demand, mainly in mortgage loans in Germany and client deleveraging in APAC.
In Personal Banking, net revenues grew by 11% to € 5.6 billion as higher net interest income from deposit products more
than offset impacts from lower fee income due to changes in contractual and regulatory conditions.
In Wealth Management & Private Banking, net revenues were € 4.0 billion, down 4% year on year, or up 6% if adjusted for
the aforementioned impact of specific items, from non-recurring revenues of approximately € 50 million following the
business divestiture in Italy. Higher deposit revenues were offset by lower lending and investment revenues mainly in
APAC.
Assets under management in the Private Bank were € 578 billion at year end, up € 35 billion in the year. The increase was
mainly driven by net inflows of € 23 billion and by a € 19 billion beneficial impact from higher market levels partly offset
by € 4 billion negative impact from foreign exchange rate movements.
Provision for credit losses was € 783 million, or 30 basis points of average loans, compared to € 583 million, or 22 basis
points of average loans in the prior year. The increase mainly reflected a more difficult macroeconomic environment, higher
impacts of single name losses in the International Private Bank and effects from temporary operational backlog related to
the Postbank IT migration, while provision for credit losses in 2022 benefited from releases following sales of nonperforming loans. The development of the overall portfolio continued to reflect the high quality of the loan book, especially
in the retail businesses, and ongoing tight risk discipline.
Noninterest expenses were € 7.7 billion, up 13% year on year, driven predominantly by the aforementioned € 468 million
in nonoperating costs, including restructuring and severance of € 346 million and litigation charges of € 123 million,
compared to releases of nonoperating costs of € 147 million in 2022. Adjusted costs, which exclude these items, were up
4%, mainly reflecting investments in Group control functions, strategic initiatives, higher internal cost allocations, Postbank
service remediation and inflation impacts. These were partly mitigated by continued savings from transformation programs
and reduced regulatory charges.

28

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Asset Management
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Management fees
Performance and transaction fees
Other
Total net revenues
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Assets under Management (in € bn)1,4
Net flows (in € bn)
Cost/income ratio5
Post-tax return on average shareholders' equity6,7
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity6,7

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

2,479
148
23
2,649
(1)

2,314
128
(59)
2,383
(1)

2,458
125
24
2,608
(2)

164
20
82
267
0

7
16
N/M
11
(23)

(143)
2
(84)
(225)
1

(6)
2
N/M
(9)
(50)

919
904
0
0
1,823
194
632

891
934
0
0
1,825
163
396

899
883
68
0
1,850
174
585

28
(29)
0
(0)
(1)
32
236

3
(3)
N/M
(43)
(0)
20
60

(8)
51
(68)
(0)
(26)
(12)
(188)

(1)
6
N/M
(15)
(1)
(7)
(32)

2,069

2,062

2,059

7

0

3

0

2,506

2,325

2,225

181

8

100

4

594
5,169
11
18
5
10
1,012
26
68.8%
8.0%

576
4,963
10
15
3
10
896
28
76.6%
5.1%

494
4,778
10
13
3
9
821
(20)
70.9%
7.3%

18
206
0
3
1
0
115
(3)
N/M
N/M

3
4
2
22
35
4
13
(9)
(7.8)ppt
2.9ppt

82
185
0
2
0
0
75
48
N/M
N/M

17
4
2
18
2
3
9
N/M
5.6ppt
(2.2)ppt

18.0%

12.0%

17.0%

N/M

6.1ppt

N/M

(5.1)ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Assets under Management (AuM) means assets (a) the segment manages on a discretionary or non-discretionary advisory basis; including where it is the management
company and portfolio management is outsourced to a third party; and (b) a third party holds or manages and on which the segment provides, on the basis of contract,
advice of an ongoing nature including regular or periodic assessment, monitoring and/or review. AuM represent both collective investments (including mutual funds and
exchange-traded funds) and separate client mandates. AuM are measured at current market value based on the local regulatory rules for asset managers at each reporting
date, which might differ from the fair value rules applicable under IFRS. Measurable levels are available daily for most retail products but may only update monthly, quarterly
or even yearly for some products. While AuM do not include the segment’s investments accounted for under equity method, they do include seed capital and any committed
capital on which the segment earns management fees. In instances in which Private Bank distributes investment products qualifying as Assets under Management which
are managed by DWS, these assets are reported as Assets under Management for Private Bank and for Asset Management (DWS) because they are two distinct, independent
qualifying services
5
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
6
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
7
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

29

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

2024
Profit before tax was € 632 million, up 60% from 2023, mainly driven by higher revenues and stable noninterest expenses.
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity was 8.0%, up from 5.1% in the prior year. Post-tax return on average
tangible shareholders’ equity was 18.0%, up from 12.0% in the prior year. The cost/income ratio was 69%, down from 77%
in 2023.
Net revenues in 2024 were € 2.6 billion, up 11% compared to 2023. Management fees were € 2.5 billion, up 7% year on
year, driven by Active and Passive products from higher average assets under management. Performance and transaction
fees increased by 16% to € 148 million, predominately driven by a significant Multi Asset performance fee. Other revenues
increased by € 82 million to € 23 million driven by lower treasury funding charges, partly offset by unfavorable outcome
of fair value of guarantees.
Noninterest expenses were € 1.8 billion in 2024, essentially flat year on year. Adjusted costs increased by 1%, mainly due
to higher compensation and benefits, due to variable compensation and increasing number of employees, as well as higher
banking servicing costs driven by a rise in assets under management, partly offset by lower IT costs and professional
services fees from adopting a hybrid approach to the platform transformation. Non-operating costs were significantly
lower due to lower litigation costs and severance payments compared to 2023.
Net flows were positive € 26 billion, primarily in Passive, Systematic & Quantitative Investments (SQI) and Cash products.
This was partly offset by net outflows in Multi Assets, Equity, Alternatives and Fixed Income. ESG products attracted net
inflows of € 6 billion in 2024 primarily into Xtrackers.
Assets under Management increased by € 115 billion, or 13%, to € 1,012 billion during 2024, driven by positive market
developments, net inflows and foreign exchange rate movements.
The following table provides the development of assets under management during 2024, broken down by product type as
well as the respective management fee margins:

in € bn.

Balance as of December 31, 2023
Inflows
Outflows
Net Flows
FX impact
Performance
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2024
Management fee margin (in bps)

Active
Equity

Active
Fixed
Income

Active
Multi
Asset

Active
SQI

Active
Cash

Passive

Alternatives

Assets under
managemen
t

107
14
(19)
(5)
1
13
0
116
68

204
42
(43)
(1)
6
6
0
215
11

76
7
(19)
(11)
0
3
(4)
64
31

66
14
(12)
2
0
5
3
77
33

85
717
(715)
2
4
1
0
93
6

247
124
(82)
41
11
35
1
335
16

111
10
(13)
(3)
3
1
(0)
111
45

896
929
(903)
26
26
64
(0)
1,012
26

30

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

2023
Profit before tax was € 396 million, down 32%, mainly driven by lower revenues. Post-tax return on average shareholders’
equity was 5.1%, down from 7.3% in the prior year. Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’ equity was 12.0%,
down from 17.0% in the prior year. The cost/income ratio was 77%, up from 71% in 2022.
Net revenues in 2023 were € 2.4 billion, down 9% compared to 2022, resulting from significantly lower other revenues
driven by higher funding costs and lower investment income, as well as slightly lower management fees due to negative
market developments, the composition of the net inflows in Alternatives and margin compression in other product classes.
Performance and transaction fees were essentially flat compared to full year 2022.
Noninterest expenses were € 1.8 billion in 2023, down 1%. Adjusted costs increased by 3%, mainly due to higher IT costs
to support transformation and higher banking servicing costs driven by a rise in assets under management in the Passive
business, while compensation and benefits remained essentially flat. Non-operating costs were significantly lower due to
a € 68 million impairment of an unamortized intangible asset related to U.S. mutual fund retail contracts in the prior year.
Net flows were positive € 28 billion, primarily in Passive, Cash and Multi Assets products. This was partly offset by net
outflows in Equity and Systematic & Quantitative Investments (SQI), while net flows in Alternatives and Fixed Income being
essentially flat. ESG products attracted net inflows of € 5 billion in 2023 primarily into Xtrackers.
Assets under Management increased by € 75 billion, or 9%, to € 896 billion during 2023, mainly driven by positive market
developments and net inflows, while foreign exchange rate movements had a negative impact.
The following table provides the development of assets under management during 2023, broken down by product type
as well as the respective management fee margins:

in € bn.

Balance as of December 31, 2022
Inflows
Outflows
Net Flows
FX impact
Performance
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2023
Management fee margin (in bps)

Active
Fixed
Income

Active
Equity

99
13
(15)
(2)
(1)
11
0
107
69

Active
Multi
Asset

194
37
(36)
0
(3)
12
0
204
11

Active
SQI

68
15
(11)
4
(0)
3
1
76
30

Active
Cash

64
10
(11)
(2)
(0)
5
(1)
66
31

Passive

80
608
(602)
6
(2)
1
0
85
4

Alternatives

199
93
(71)
21
(4)
31
0
247
17

118
14
(13)
0
(2)
(5)
0
111
47

Assets under
managemen
t

821
788
(760)
28
(12)
57
1
896
27

31

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Results of operations

Corporate & Other
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Total Employees (full-time equivalent)1
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

(6)
83

47
26

(902)
(9)

(54)
57

N/M
N/M

950
35

N/M
N/M

3,593
(1,494)
0
0
2,099
(199)
(1,989)

3,378
(2,731)
0
(1)
646
(166)
(459)

3,235
(2,199)
0
(2)
1,035
(190)
(1,739)

215
1,237
0
1
1,453
(33)
(1,530)

6
(45)
N/M
N/M
N/M
20
N/M

143
(532)
0
1
(388)
24
1,280

4
24
N/M
(40)
(38)
(12)
(74)

36,269
34
38

35,917
40
39

32,186
46
36

352
(6)
(1)

1
(15)
(3)

3,731
(6)
3

12
(13)
7

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end

2024
For the full year Corporate & Other reported a loss before tax of € 2.0 billion, primarily driven by legacy litigation matters
including the Postbank takeover litigation and Polish FX mortgages. This compared to a loss before tax of € 459 million in
the prior year.
Net revenues for the full year were negative € 6 million, compared to positive € 47 million in the prior year. Revenues
related to valuation and timing differences were positive € 600 million in 2024, compared to positive € 792 million in 2023
with the year-on-year movement driven primarily by market moves. Net revenues relating to funding and liquidity were
negative € 102 million in 2024, versus negative € 242 million in 2023.
Noninterest expenses were negative € 2.1 billion for the full year, driven by the aforementioned legacy litigation matters,
compared to negative € 646 million in the prior year. Expenses associated with shareholder activities were € 648 million
for the full year, compared to € 582 million in the prior year.
Noncontrolling interests are reversed in Corporate & Other after deduction from the divisional profit before tax. These
were positive € 199 million for the full year, mainly related to DWS.
2023
Corporate & Other reported a loss before tax of € 459 million in 2023 compared to a loss before tax of € 1.7 billion in 2022,
reflecting higher revenues and lower noninterest expenses.
Net revenues were positive € 47 million in 2023, compared to negative € 902 million in 2022. Revenues related to valuation
and timing differences were positive € 792 million in 2023, compared to negative € 119 million in 2022, the year-on-year
improvement driven by market moves and the reversion of prior period losses. Net revenues relating to funding and
liquidity were negative € 242 million in 2023, versus negative € 311 million in 2022.
Noninterest expenses were € 646 million in 2023, a reduction of € 388 million, or 38%, compared to 2022. The reduction
was primarily driven by positive € 37 million litigation releases in 2023, compared to a charge of € 261 million in 2022.
Expenses associated with shareholder activities as defined in the OECD Transfer Pricing guidelines not allocated to the
business divisions were € 582 million in 2023, versus € 510 million in 2022.
Noncontrolling interests are deducted from the profit before tax of the divisions and reversed in Corporate & Other. These
amounted to € 166 million in 2023, compared to € 190 million in 2022, mainly related to DWS.

32

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Financial Position

Financial Position
Assets
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Cash, central bank and interbank balances
Central bank funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and
securities borrowed
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Of which: Trading assets
Of which: Positive market values from derivative financial instruments
Of which: Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through
profit and loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Loans at amortized cost
Remaining assets
Of which: Brokerage and securities related receivables
Total assets

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Absolute
Change

Change
in %

153,654

184,556

(30,903)

(17)

40,846
545,849
139,772
291,754

14,764
465,252
125,275
251,856

26,083
80,597
14,497
39,898

177
17
12
16

114,324
42,090
478,921
125,817
60,690
1,387,177

88,047
35,546
473,705
138,507
72,566
1,312,331

26,278
6,544
5,216
(12,691)
(11,876)
74,847

30
18
1
(9)
(16)
6

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Absolute
Change

Change
in %

666,261

622,035

44,226

7

3,742
412,395
43,498
276,395
92,047
9,895
114,899
100,553
63,755
1,307,745
79,432
1,387,177

3,042
366,475
44,005
238,260
83,727
9,620
119,390
116,951
81,539
1,237,513
74,818
1,312,331

701
45,920
(506)
38,135
8,321
274
(4,491)
(16,397)
(17,784)
70,232
4,614
74,847

23
13
(1)
16
10
3
(4)
(14)
(22)
6
6
6

Liabilities and Equity
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Deposits
Central bank funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase
agreements and securities loaned
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Of which: Trading liabilities
Of which: Negative market values from derivative financial instruments
Of which: Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Other short-term borrowings
Long-term debt
Remaining liabilities
Of which: Brokerage and securities related payables
Total liabilities
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity

Movements in Assets and Liabilities
As of December 31, 2024, the total balance sheet of € 1.4 trillion was slightly higher compared to year-end 2023.
Cash, central bank and interbank balances decreased by € 30.9 billion, as a result of an increase in central bank funds sold,
securities purchased under resale agreements, and securities borrowed across all applicable measurement categories by
€ 52.7 billion, mainly driven by increased firm trading activities and client flows.
Trading assets increased by € 14.5 billion, primarily driven by an increase in bond positions in the bank’s debt securities
portfolio due to client flows and desk positioning, as well as an increase in traded loans.
Positive and negative market values of derivative financial instruments increased by € 39.9 billion and € 38.1 billion,
respectively, mainly due to increased volatility in foreign exchange products caused by political uncertainty towards the
end of the year and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro.
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss increased by € 26.3 billion, driven by
aforementioned increase in securities purchased under resale agreements measured under non-trading financial assets
mandatory at fair value through profit and loss.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by € 6.5 billion, driven by an increase in
holdings of government securities in line with the bank’s initiative to optimize return on liquidity.

33

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Financial Position

Loans at amortized cost increased by € 5.2 billion, driven by a significant impact from foreign exchange movements and
growth in Fixed Income & Currencies business in the Investment Bank which was partly offset by lower mortgage
origination in the Private Bank.
Brokerage and securities related receivables and payables decreased by € 11.9 billion and € 17.8 billion, respectively,
mainly due to a decrease in receivables and payables from pending settlement of regular way trades.
Deposits increased by € 44.2 billion, primarily driven by growth in Corporate Cash Management business in the Corporate
Bank as well as higher inflows in the Private Bank and Global Emerging Markets in the Investment Bank.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss increased by € 8.3 billion, mainly attributable to an
increase in long term debt driven by new issuances in FIC business in the Investment Bank.
Long term debt at amortized cost decreased by € 4.5 billion, mainly due to repayments of the TLTRO funding which were
partly offset by new issuances.
The overall movement of the balance sheet included an increase of € 31.4 billion due to foreign exchange rate movements,
mainly driven by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the euro. The effects from foreign exchange rate movements are
embedded in the movement of the balance sheet line items discussed in this section.

Liquidity
Total High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) as defined by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and amended
by Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 increased to € 226 billion as of December 31, 2024 vs € 219 billion as at December 31,
2023. The increase in HQLA is primarily on account of increased deposits and long-term debt issuance largely offset by
remaining TLTRO repayment and asset growth across businesses. The Liquidity Coverage Ratio was 131% at the end fourth
quarter of 2024, a surplus to regulatory requirements of € 53 billion as compared to 140% as at the end of fourth quarter
of 2023, a surplus to regulatory requirements of € 62 billion.

Equity
Total equity as of December 31, 2024, was € 79.4 billion compared to € 74.8 billion as of December 31, 2023, an increase
of € 4.6 billion. This change was driven by a number of factors including the profit attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders and additional equity components reported for the period of € 3.4 billion, the issuance of Additional Tier 1
equity instruments (AT1) treated as equity in accordance with IFRS of € 3.0 billion as well as unrealized net gains on
accumulated other comprehensive income of € 530 million, net of tax, mainly on foreign currency translation of
€ 928 million, net of tax, primarily resulting from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro. This was partially
offset by negative impacts from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of € 272 million, net of
tax, and change in own credit risk of financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss of € 126 million, net
of tax. Further contributing factors include treasury shares distributed under share-based compensation plans of
€ 444 million and remeasurement gains related to defined benefit plans of € 148 million, net of tax. These positive effects
were partially offset by net purchases of treasury shares of € 1.1 billion, cash dividends paid to Deutsche Bank shareholders
of € 883 million, coupons paid on additional equity components of € 574 million as well as a change in noncontrolling
interests of negative € 156 million.
On January 31, 2024, the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG resolved a share repurchase program of up to
€ 675 million which started on March 4, 2024 and was completed on July 11, 2024. In this period, Deutsche Bank AG
repurchased 46.4 million common shares. The repurchase of these shares has reduced total equity by € 675 million.
On March 5, 2024, Deutsche Bank AG cancelled 45.5 million of its common shares, concluding its 2023 share buyback
program. The cancellation reduced the nominal value of the shares by € 117 million. The cancelled shares had been held
in common shares in treasury at their acquisition cost of € 450 million. The difference between the common shares at cost
and their nominal value has reduced additional paid-in capital by € 333 million. The shares had already been deducted
from the reported total equity on December 31, 2023. Therefore, the cancellation did not reduce total equity in 2024.

34

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Financial Position

Own Funds
Deutsche Bank’s CRR/CRD Common Equity Tier 1 capital as of December 31, 2024, increased by € 1.4 billion to
€ 49.5 billion, compared to € 48.1 billion as of December 31, 2023. The Risk-weighted assets (RWA) increased by
€ 7.7 billion to € 357.4 billion as of December 31, 2024, compared to € 349.7 billion as of December 31, 2023. The CET 1
capital ratio as of December 31, 2024, increased to 13.8% compared to 13.7% as of December 31, 2023.
The Bank’s Tier 1 capital as of December 31, 2024, amounted to € 60.8 billion, consisting of a CET 1 capital of € 49.5 billion
and Additional Tier 1 capital of € 11.4 billion. The Tier 1 capital was € 4.4 billion higher than at the end of 2023, driven by
an increase in AT1 capital of € 3.1 billion and an increase in CET 1 capital of € 1.4 billion. The Tier 1 capital ratio as of
December 31, 2024, increased to 17.0% compared to 16.1% as of December 31, 2023.
Total capital as of December 31, 2024, amounted to € 68.5 billion compared to € 65.0 billion at the end of 2023. The Total
capital increase was driven by an increase in Tier 1 capital of € 4.4 billion, which was partly offset by a decrease in Tier 2
capital of € 0.9 billion since year end 2023. The Total capital ratio as of December 31, 2024, increased to 19.2% compared
to 18.6% as of December 31, 2023.

35

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Liquidity and capital resources

Liquidity and capital resources
For a detailed discussion of the bank’s liquidity risk management, please see the Risk Report in this annual report.

Credit Ratings
Deutsche Bank is rated by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (“S&P”), Fitch Ratings,
a branch of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), and DBRS Ratings GmbH (“Morningstar DBRS”, together with Moody’s,
S&P and Fitch, the “rating agencies”).
Moody’s, Fitch and Morningstar DBRS are established in the European Union and have been registered in accordance with
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009, as amended, on
credit rating agencies (“CRA Regulation”). With respect to S&P, the credit ratings are endorsed by S&P’s office in Ireland
(S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited) in accordance with Article 4(3) of the CRA Regulation.

Credit Ratings Development
The rating agencies recognized the continued progress the bank has made over the course of 2024, specifically on
revenues despite a turning interest rate environment and pre-provision profitability. This was reflected in the positive
outlook revision by Morningstar DBRS as well as rating and outlook affirmations by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch over the course
of the year. The Postbank litigation case and related provisioning had no impact on their view of the bank’s
creditworthiness.
On June 11, 2024, Moody’s affirmed Deutsche Bank’s ratings as well as the stable outlook. The affirmation reflects the
bank’s continued progress towards meeting its medium-term targets, in particular by being able to sustain improving
operating profitability through revenue growth and cost efficiency. Moody’s also noted Deutsche Bank’s stabilized capital
ratios, high-quality deposit base as well as their assessment of the bank’s prudent and well-controlled risk appetite, which
is likely to result in a sound and relatively stable asset quality through the cycle, in their view.
On June 21, 2024, Fitch affirmed Deutsche Bank’s ratings as well as the stable outlook. Fitch highlights that the ratings
reflect Deutsche Bank’s restructured, fairly diversified business model, while the bank’s sound risk appetite, asset quality,
funding and liquidity support the ratings. The rating agency expects Deutsche Bank’s profitability to continue to improve
on the bank of consistent strategic execution in the next two years.
On June 26, 2024, Morningstar DBRS revised its outlook on Deutsche Bank’s ratings to positive from stable. The outlook
change reflects Deutsche Bank’s continued progress in implementing its strategic transformation program and meeting
its medium-term profitability targets. In Morningstar DBRS’s view, Deutsche Bank has simplified and reoriented its business
mix towards more predictable revenue sources, focusing on key growth areas. Morningstar DBRS considers Deutsche Bank
to be in a good position to reach its 2025 revenue target and also takes into account the bank’s progress made on the cost
side, which should help improve operating efficiency. Morningstar DBRS also highlights Deutsche Bank’s global franchise
and leading position in Germany as well as high degree of business diversification. They note the bank’s sound funding
profile, strong liquidity cushions and solid capital levels with ample buffers over regulatory requirements and supported
by sound internal capital generation.
On December 10, 2024, S&P affirmed Deutsche Bank’s ratings as well as the stable outlook. S&P highlights that the
affirmation reflects Deutsche Bank’s continuously improving capitalization, supported by execution of the bank’s strategy
focused on a growing franchise as well as revenue momentum and cost discipline. S&P states that further progress towards
its 2025 performance targets would bolster Deutsche Bank’s resilience. The rating agency also notes that the solid funding
and liquidity profile supports the ratings. S&P expects Deutsche Bank’s asset quality to remain robust despite recent
economic and geopolitical developments.

Potential Impacts of Ratings Downgrades
Deutsche Bank calculates both the contractual and hypothetical potential impact of a one-notch and two-notch
downgrade by the rating agencies (Moody’s, S&P and Fitch) on its liquidity position and includes this impact in its daily
liquidity stress test and Liquidity Coverage Ratio calculations. The LCR and liquidity stress test results by scenario are
disclosed separately.

36

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Operating and financial review
Liquidity and capital resources

In terms of contractual obligations, the hypothetical impact on derivative liquidity stress outflows of a one-notch
downgrade across the three rating agencies Moody’s, S&P and Fitch amounts to approximately € 0.2 billion, mainly driven
by increased contractual derivatives funding and/or margin requirements. The hypothetical impact of a two-notch
downgrade amounts to approximately € 0.3 billion, mainly driven by increased contractual derivatives funding and/or
margin requirements.
The above analysis assumes a simultaneous downgrade by the three rating agencies Moody’s, S&P and Fitch that would
consequently reduce Deutsche Bank’s funding capacity in the stated amounts. This specific contractual analysis feeds into
the bank’s idiosyncratic liquidity stress test scenario.
The actual impact of a downgrade to Deutsche Bank is unpredictable and may differ from potential funding and liquidity
impacts described above.
Selected rating categories
Counterparty
Risk

Senior
preferred/
Deposits¹

Senior
non-preferred²

Short-term
rating

A1 (cr)
A (dcr)
AA (low)

A1
A
A
A

Baa1
BBB
AA (low)

P-1
A-1
F1
R-1 (low)

Moody’s Investors Service, New York
Standard & Poor’s, New York
Fitch Ratings, New York
Morningstar DBRS, Toronto

Defined as senior unsecured bank rating at Moody‘s, senior unsecured debt at Standard & Poor’s, senior preferred debt rating at Fitch and senior debt rating at
Morningstar DBRS. All agencies provide separate ratings for deposits and ‘senior preferred’ debt, but at the same rating level
Defined as junior senior debt rating at Moody's, as senior subordinated debt at Standard & Poor’s and as senior non-preferred debt at Fitch and Morningstar DBRS
3
F1 assigned for deposits and ‘preferred’ senior unsecured debt. F2 assigned for Issuer Default Rating
1

2

Each rating reflects the view of the rating agency only at the time the rating was issued, and each rating should be
separately evaluated, and the rating agencies should be consulted for any explanations of the significance of their ratings.
The rating agencies can change their ratings at any time if they believe that circumstances so warrant. The long-term credit
ratings should not be viewed as recommendations to buy, hold or sell Deutsche Bank’s securities.

Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations
Cash payment requirements outstanding as of December 31, 2024.
Payment due
by period

Contractual obligations
in € m.

Long-term debt obligations¹
Trust preferred securities1,2
Long-term financial liabilities designated at fair
value through profit or loss3
Future cash outflows not reflected in the
measurement of Lease liabilities4
Lease liabilities1
Purchase obligations
Long-term deposits¹
Other long-term liabilities
Total

Total

Less than 1 year

1–3 years

3–5 years

More than 5 years

131,223
302

24,847
302

41,428
0

28,243
0

36,706
0

22,266

4,000

4,729

7,823

5,713

4,771
5,664
3,765
26,407
1,690
196,089

30

182

293

4,267

615
817
0
1,593
32,204

967
1,328
12,593
19
61,246

967
825
3,392
12
41,554

3,116
795
10,422
65
61,085

Includes interest payments.
Contractual payment date or first call date.
Long-term debt and long-term deposits designated at fair value through profit or loss.
4
For further detail please refer to Note 22 “Leases”.
1
2
3

Purchase obligations for goods and services include future payments for, among other things, information technology
services and facility management. Some figures above for purchase obligations represent minimum contractual payments
and actual future payments may be higher. Long-term deposits exclude contracts with a remaining maturity of less than
one year. Under certain conditions future payments for some long-term financial liabilities designated at fair value through
profit or loss may occur earlier. See the following notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information:
Note 5 “Net Interest Income and Net Gains (Losses) on Financial Assets/Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss”,
Note 22 “Leases”, Note 26 “Deposits” and Note 30 “Long-Term Debt and Trust Preferred Securities”.

37

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Outlook

Outlook
The following section provides an overview of Deutsche Bank’s outlook for the Group and business divisions for the
financial year 2025. The outlook for the global economy and banking industry in the following chapter reflects the Group’s
general expectations regarding future economic and industry developments. Economic assumptions used in the bank’s
models are laid out separately in the respective sections.

Global economy
The Global Economy Outlook
Economic growth (in %)¹

Global Economy
GDP
Inflation
Of which:
Developed countries
GDP
Inflation
Emerging markets
GDP
Inflation
Eurozone Economy
GDP
Inflation
Of which: German
economy
GDP
Inflation
U.S. Economy
GDP
Inflation
Japanese Economy
GDP
Inflation
Asian Economy³
GDP
Inflation
Of which: Chinese
Economy
GDP
Inflation
1
2
3

2025²

2024

3.2
4.0

3.2
6.4

1.8
2.5

1.5
2.7

4.1
4.9

4.3
8.8

0.8
2.0

0.7
2.4

0.5
2.2

(0.2)
2.2

2.6
2.8

2.8
3.0

1.3
2.9

(0.2)
2.7

5.0
1.9

5.2
1.8

4.8
0.7

5.0
0.2

Main driver

The global economy is expected to expand at a similar pace to last year. The emerging increase
in trade barriers is likely to hinder stronger momentum and also limit the decline in inflation.
The growth momentum of developed countries is likely to be driven by the continued recovery
of various key regions. Higher tariffs could limit the recovery. Inflation is expected to continue
to normalize initially.
Growth in emerging markets could be dampened as a result of higher trade barriers. Export
demand from industrialized countries is likely to weaken, at least in the second half of the year.
Inflation is expected to continue to normalize.
Strong growth drivers are unlikely as key member states adopt a more restrictive fiscal policy
and Germany continues to be hampered by weaker competitiveness. U.S. tariffs threaten to
further dampen momentum. The weakening of inflation is likely to allow the ECB to make
further interest rate cuts.
The German economy is likely to expand slightly, driven solely by private and government
consumption spending. The cooling of the labor market could dampen the recovery of private
consumption. Structural competitive disadvantages and growing trade barriers are also likely
to limit growth. With likely noticeably declining interest rates, construction could gain
momentum.
Underlying growth momentum is expected to remain solid. The labor market, and thus private
consumption, should hold up robustly. Tax cuts are likely to provide tailwinds. The expected
increases in import tariffs could ultimately be inflationary. The Fed is unlikely to cut key interest
rates further, which should additionally limit growth.
Further recovery of the Japanese economy is expected, driven by domestic demand. Not least
because of wage growth, inflation is expected to stay elevated. The Bank of Japan is expected
to continue cautiously raising key interest rates.
Slightly lower growth rates in major economies are likely to result in somewhat less momentum
in Asia overall. While domestic demand in the countries concerned is recovering, external
economic impulses are likely to weaken.
The Chinese economy is expected to expand robustly, driven by domestic demand supported
by further fiscal policy measures. This should also further stabilize the real estate sector. As a
result of tariff increases, particularly by the U.S., Chinese exports are likely to weaken, thus
limiting growth momentum.

Annual Real GDP Growth (% YoY). Sources: National Authorities unless stated otherwise
Sources: Deutsche Bank Research
Includes China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, South Korea, Thailand and Vietnam; excludes Japan

There are a number of risks to the bank’s global economic outlook. Geopolitical risks remain elevated in Ukraine and in the
Middle East. A major multidimensional source of economic policy uncertainty will be widespread trade tariffs and which
countries introduce them. This concerns both the absolute level, the timing of implementation, and the scope of goods
affected.

38

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Outlook

Banking industry
The global banking industry is expected to operate in a favorable environment in 2025. With stable global economic
growth and a further moderate decline in interest rates, loan growth could pick up from low levels, while interest margins
could come under some pressure. Nevertheless, revenues overall could maintain positive momentum. The favorable
situation in capital markets expected to continue which should benefit investment banking and trading activities. Asset
quality of banks is expected to remain largely robust and profitability should therefore remain high. Coupled with strong
capitalization, banks’ capital returns to shareholders both in form of dividends and share buybacks should therefore remain
substantial.
After more than a decade of increasing regulation, political focus is now gradually shifting towards enhancing
competitiveness, which could lead to initiatives to ease rules or to tax cuts in some jurisdictions. Strong earnings and higher
stock market valuations could support sector consolidation to accelerate growth, especially domestically. Main risks for
the banking sector include elevated geopolitical risks, the potential for a correction of elevated stock market valuations
and the risk of meaningful deterioration in credit quality if interest rates do not decline as much as expected or privatesector defaults require an increase of loan loss provisions.
Banks in Europe are expected to face stronger headwinds than their U.S. peers from declining interest rates and margins.
Subdued economic activity in major economies are expected to limit business volume growth. However, fee and
commission income could partially offset lower interest income as capital market activity may increase. In addition,
political initiatives to promote the Capital Markets Union appear to be gaining more traction than in previous years and
could lead to significant progress in some areas such as securitization. Nominal net income is expected to remain close to
its all-time high.
U.S. banks could substantially benefit from the new administration’s impetus for deregulation both of the real economy
and also the financial system, although its extent is uncertain and any changes, if they materialize, may take time to feed
through into results. A reduction in capital requirements compared to those envisaged so far in the implementation of final
Basel III and less stringent capital market supervision, including of crypto assets, could support both banking sector and
financial market growth. More immediately, a lower burden from unrealized losses on securities portfolios, either through
bond sales or due to declining interest rates, would probably strengthen investor confidence in banks’ balance sheets
further.
Banks in China may continue to suffer from the economic slowdown, and particularly the crisis in the real estate sector, as
well as from additional interest rate cuts, and the potential ramifications of a trade war with the U.S. However, mitigating
action adopted by the government such as fiscal stimulus and more expansionary monetary policy should strengthen the
economy and also banks’ performance. Japanese banks are likely to benefit from slowly rising rates, on top of a rebound in
economic growth.
Following the election of the European Parliament in 2024, the newly appointment European Commission will continue to
discuss topics in 2025 which have not been closed in the prior year, including the Retail Investment Strategy, the digital
euro, open finance, the review of the Payment Services framework and the Benchmarks Regulation.
In the U.S., most of the attention is expected around if and when the U.S. agencies under the new U.S. presidential
administration will implement the Final Basel III package in the U.S. framework. If it will be implemented, it is uncertain to
what extent it will differ from the existing proposal from 2023, which would raise capital requirements for banks over U.S.$
100 billion in assets and removes much of the differentiation among institutions’ requirements, those that are not U.S.
Global Systemically Important Banks, based on size and complexity.

39

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Outlook
Deutsche Bank Group

Deutsche Bank Group
Deutsche Bank’s strategic and financial road map through 2025, referred to as the Global Hausbank strategy, outlines the
bank’s 2025 financial targets and capital objectives.
Deutsche Bank’s key performance indicators are shown in the table below.

Key performance indicators

Financial targets

Post-tax return on average tangible equity1
Compound annual growth rate of revenues between 2021 and 20252
Cost/income ratio4
Capital objectives
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio6
Total payout ratio8

Dec 31, 2024

Financial
targets and
capital
objectives
2025

4.7%
5.8%
76.3%

Above 10.0%
5.5% to 6.5%3
Below 65%5

13.8%
37%

~ 13.0%7
50%9

Based on profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders after AT1 coupon; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited):
Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report
Twelve months period until the end of the respective reporting period compared to full year 2021
3
Target ratio raised to 5.5 to 6.5% between 2021 and 2025 at the beginning of 2024
4
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
5
Reset from below 62.5% effective January 1, 2025
6
Further details on the calculation of this ratio are provided in the Risk Report in this report
7
Target ratio while maintaining a buffer of 200 basis points above the bank’s expected maximum distributable amount (MDA) threshold
8
Distributions in form of common share dividend paid and share buybacks for cancellation executed in the reporting period in relation to prior period net income
attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders
9
In respect of financial year 2024 onwards
1

2

Deutsche Bank reaffirms its financial targets to be achieved by 2025 of a post-tax return on average tangible equity of
above 10%, a compound annual revenue growth target of between 5.5% and 6.5% for 2021 to 2025 and a cost/income
ratio target which it has reset from below 62.5% to below 65% at the beginning of 2025. The bank also confirms its capital
objectives of a CET 1 capital ratio of around 13% and a payout ratio of 50% in respect of the financial year 2024 onwards.
All forward-looking projections below are based on January 31, 2025, foreign exchange rates.
In 2025, Deutsche Bank revenues are expected to be higher compared to the prior year. Deutsche Bank confirms its
revenue goal of around € 32 billion at Group level in 2025, which translates to around € 32.7 billion at January foreign
exchange rates. This development is driven by the resilience and growth potential of the bank’s businesses and continued
business momentum. This growth is expected to result from both net interest income and noninterest income, reflecting
the bank's diversified business mix which allows around 75% of the expected revenues to come from more predictable
revenue streams. Corporate Bank revenues are expected to be higher in 2025 driven by higher net commissions and fee
income. Investment Bank revenues are expected to be higher in 2025 driven by benefits of the investments made in
Origination & Advisory which are expected to drive revenue improvement, while FIC is expected to see ongoing growth
from the continued development of the FIC platform. Private Bank net revenues are expected to be slightly higher,
benefiting from growth in investment product revenues and slightly higher deposit revenues. In Asset Management,
revenues are expected to be higher driven by higher management fees from higher assets under management as well as
higher performance fees.
Deutsche Bank is managing the Group’s cost base towards its cost/income ratio target. Noninterest expenses in 2025 are
expected to be lower compared to 2024, primarily driven by significantly lower nonoperating costs as litigation and
restructuring and severance charges are expected to normalize. The bank remains highly focused on cost discipline and
delivery of the initiatives underway. Adjusted costs are expected to be essentially flat. Continued investments into business
growth opportunities and technology, controls and regulatory remediation as well as persistent inflation are expected to
be largely offset by the bank’s benefits from structural efficiency measures as well as lower costs for bank levy and deposit
protection. These measures include the optimization of the Germany platform, the upgrade of technology architecture,
the front-to-back redesign of processes and measures to increase infrastructure efficiency. As a result, the bank now
targets a cost/income ratio of below 65% in 2025, marginally higher than the original target, to support further growth and
business momentum in and beyond 2025.

40

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Outlook
Deutsche Bank Group

Provision for credit losses is expected to be on average around € 350 to € 400 million per quarter in 2025. The bank expects
a partial normalization of provision for credit losses in 2025 as transitory headwinds experienced throughout 2024 should
subside. These include cyclical events in the CRE sector, certain larger corporate credit events and temporary effects
following the Postbank integration. While economic and geopolitical risks continue to generate uncertainty, the bank
remains confident in its expectations for credit provisions, supported by the high quality of the bank’s overall credit
portfolios, including in Germany. Deutsche Bank remains committed to stringent underwriting standards and a tight risk
management framework. Further details on the calculation of expected credit losses are provided in the section
“Combined Management Report: Risk Report”.
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (CET 1 ratio) by year end 2025 is expected to remain essentially flat compared to 2024. The
bank’s pro-forma CET 1 ratio as of December 31, 2024, was 14.0% after the impacts from the adoption of CRR3, which
became effective on January 1, 2025. This reflects an improvement of approximately 14 basis points compared to the
reported CET 1 ratio under CRR 2. During the first quarter of 2025, CET 1 ratio is expected to be impacted by approximately
20 basis points resulting from € 5 billion higher operational risk RWA. On a net basis, RWA are expected to be essentially
flat from capital efficient business growth and despite the pro-forma CRR3 impact. Deutsche Bank aims to maintain a
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of around 13%, i.e., to operate with a buffer of 200 basis points above the bank’s
expected maximum distributable amount (MDA) threshold. Leverage exposure is expected to be slightly higher while
Leverage ratio should stay essentially flat at year-end 2025 compared to year-end 2024. The adoption of CRR3 increased
the bank’s pro-forma leverage ratio as of December 31, 2024, by approximately 6 bps to 4.7% due to lower leverage
exposure for certain off-balance sheet items.
Deutsche Bank plans to sustainably grow cash dividends and, over time, return excess capital to shareholders through
share buybacks over and above the requirements to support profitable growth and upcoming regulatory changes. Since
the financial year 2024 and subsequent years, the bank targets a payout ratio of 50% of net income attributable to
Deutsche Bank shareholders, delivered through a combination of cash dividends and share buybacks. These distributions
to shareholders are subject to shareholder authorization and German corporate law requirements, and in the case of share
buybacks additionally require prior regulatory approval. The bank has received supervisory approval for a share repurchase
of € 750 million, which it aims materially to complete by the third quarter of 2025, having completed € 675 million in share
repurchases in 2024. Deutsche Bank plans to propose a dividend in respect of the 2024 financial year of € 0.68 per share,
or approximately € 1.3 billion, up from € 0.45 per share for 2023, at the bank’s Annual General Meeting in May 2025. For
the financial year 2025, Deutsche Bank aims for a cash dividend of € 1.00 per share, subject to a 50% payout ratio limitation
relative to net income attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders. Deutsche Bank will continue to target a payout ratio of
50% after 2025 through share buybacks and cash dividends, with cash dividends growing more moderately compared to
increases seen in recent years. The bank has set a capital distribution goal of € 8 billion in respect of the financial years
2021-2025, to be paid in 2022-2026, and believes that it is positioned to exceed this objective based on the achievement
of the bank’s financial targets.
By the nature of the bank’s business, Deutsche Bank is involved in litigation, arbitration and regulatory proceedings and
investigations in Germany and in a number of jurisdictions outside Germany, including in the United States. Such matters
are subject to many uncertainties. While Deutsche Bank resolved a number of important litigation matters and made
progress on others, the bank expects the litigation and enforcement environment to remain challenging. For 2025, and
with a caveat that forecasting litigation charges is subject to many uncertainties, Deutsche Bank presently expects net
litigation charges to be significantly lower than the levels experienced in 2024. For more details, please refer to “Provisions”
of this report.
For a discussion of the risks and opportunities for the outlook of Deutsche Bank please refer to the section “Risks and
opportunities” of this report.
Adjusted costs as well as Post-tax Return on Average Tangible Equity are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to
“Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report for the definitions of such
measures and reconciliations to the IFRS measures on which they are based.

41

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Outlook
Deutsche Bank Business segments

Deutsche Bank Business segments
Corporate Bank
Corporate Bank expects further progress on its initiatives and growth in business volumes to support the performance in
2025. Revenues are expected to be higher compared to prior year, driven by higher net commissions and fee income, while
net interest income is expected to remain resilient.
Corporate Treasury Services revenues are anticipated to be higher in 2025 compared to 2024, supported by continued
momentum in flow and structured business in Trade Finance and expected growth in deposit volumes in Corporate Cash
Management. Institutional Client Services revenues are anticipated to be slightly higher, driven by growth in Trust and
Agency Services and Securities Services. In Business Banking, revenues are expected to remain essentially flat as fee
growth and higher deposit volumes are expected to offset ongoing normalization of deposit margins.
Provision for credit losses is expected to be lower in 2025 compared to the prior year which was impacted by certain larger
corporate credit events.
Noninterest expenses are expected to be slightly lower, driven by lower nonoperating costs, while adjusted costs are
expected to remain essentially flat, reflecting front office investments offset by strategic efficiency measures.
RWA in the Corporate Bank are anticipated to be essentially flat in 2025, as increases from lending activities are expected
to be offset by favorable model changes.

Investment Bank
Investment Bank revenues are expected to be higher in 2025 compared to the prior year. The segment expects the benefits
of the investments made in Origination & Advisory throughout 2023 to crystalize and drive revenue improvement, while
FIC is expected to build on the momentum of a very strong 2024 performance in both Trading and Financing.
FIC revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to 2024. Rates expects to benefit from an improved market
environment that was evident in the fourth quarter of 2024, while selectively growing via targeted investments in line with
client demand and market opportunities. The Foreign Exchange business will look to further technology development in
spot, expand its precious metals offering and benefit from new leadership in the Forwards business. Global Emerging
Markets will continue to further develop its onshore capabilities, for example building on the performance of Latin America
in 2024 and client workflow solutions globally, while selectively expanding its product offering. Credit Trading intends to
build on the momentum of a very strong performance in 2024 and develop its U.S. flow business further. The Financing
business will continue to optimize the effective deployment of resources and look to maintain its position as one of the
leading franchises globally.
Origination & Advisory revenues are expected to be significantly higher in 2025 compared to the prior year, driven by the
benefit of prior period investments reaching full productivity, combined with expected industry feel pool growth. Within
Debt Origination the business expects Leveraged Debt Capital Markets to build on the recovery it witnessed in the prior
year, while Investment Grade Debt will also look to maintain its strong performance in 2024, where both businesses gained
market share in growing fees pools. Advisory plans to build on the momentum of very strong prior year, which also included
material share gains and fully benefit from targeted hires made in 2023, the majority of which will be at full productivity.
Equity Origination will continue to provide a competitive offering across products, with a specific focus on Initial Public
Offerings.
Provisions for credit losses are expected to be lower in 2025 compared to the prior year. The reduction is driven by
expected lower levels of impairments in the CRE sector, where market data indicated signs of stabilization in the second
half of 2024.
In 2025, noninterest expenses as well as adjusted costs are expected to be essentially flat compared to the previous year.
The cost of strategic growth initiatives and technology investments, the impact of foreign exchange translation and
persistent inflation are expected to be offset by lower nonoperating costs and reduced bank levy charges.
For 2025, RWA in the Investment Bank is expected to be higher compared to 2024 driven by increased Credit Risk RWA to
support revenue growth, normalization of Market Risk RWA from low levels at year-end 2024, and model impacts, primarily
from the implementation of regulatory requirements.

42

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Outlook
Deutsche Bank Business segments

Private Bank
In 2025, Private Bank revenues are expected to be slightly higher compared to 2024, driven by growth in investment
product revenues supported by continued net inflows in assets under management, as well as slightly higher deposit
revenues. Lending revenues are expected to remain essentially flat.
In Personal Banking, net revenues are expected to be essentially flat compared to the prior year. Higher deposit and
investment product revenues are expected to be partially offset by lower revenues from other banking services, while
lending revenues are expected to remain essentially flat.
In Wealth Management & Private Banking, net revenues are expected to be higher compared to 2024 driven by increased
investment product revenues supported by continued business growth, while lending revenues are expected to be slightly
higher and deposit revenues to remain essentially flat.
Private Bank assumes continued inflows in assets under management in 2025 with corresponding volumes in assets under
management expected to be higher compared to year end 2024. However, the overall development of volumes will be
highly dependent on market parameters, including equity indices and foreign exchange rates.
In 2025, provisions for credit losses are expected to be lower than in the previous year, which included transitory effects
from the Private Bank backlog.
Noninterest expenses are expected to be slightly lower compared to 2024 driven by significantly lower nonoperating costs.
Adjusted costs are expected to be slightly lower in 2025 reflecting continued savings from strategic initiatives as well as
reduced deposit protection costs. Benefits from workforce reductions are expected to be offset by inflationary impacts on
compensation.
RWA are expected to be essentially flat compared to 2024, as higher operational risk RWA and selected business growth
is offset by the implementation of regulatory requirements.

Asset Management
Asset Management principally consists of the consolidated financial results of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, of which
Deutsche Bank AG owns a controlling interest.
Asset Management expects total net revenues to be higher for the full year 2025 compared to 2024. Management fees
are expected to be higher, benefitting from the higher level of assets under management despite the anticipated industry
wide margin compression. Performance and transaction fees are expected to be higher in 2025 driven by improvement in
performance fees within the Alternatives business. Other revenues are expected to be significantly higher from favorable
outcome of fair value developments of guarantees and higher investment income and gains.
Noninterest expenses and adjusted costs are expected to be essentially flat in 2025 compared to 2024, as the segment
expects that savings made through efficiency measures are largely offset by funding growth ambitions.
Assets under management are expected to be slightly higher at the end of 2025 compared to the end of 2024, driven by
expected net inflows in Active, Passive and Alternatives product classes. Net flows should be further enhanced by strategic
partnerships and product innovations.
RWA are expected to be essentially flat compared to 2024, as lower credit risk RWA from the implementation of regulatory
requirements are expected to be offset by business growth.

Corporate & Other
Corporate & Other is expected to generate, compared to 2024, a significantly lower pre-tax loss of around € 0.8 billion in
2025, primarily from the non-recurrence of legacy litigation matters.
Corporate & Other will continue to record shareholder expenses, certain funding and liquidity impacts, the reversal of
noncontrolling interests reported in the business segments, primarily from DWS, and valuation and timing differences.
RWA are expected to be lower in 2025 driven by model changes including the impacts from the implementation of
regulatory requirements.

43

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Risks and Opportunities
The following section focuses on future trends or events that may result in downside risk or upside potential from what
Deutsche Bank has anticipated in its “Outlook”.
The Group’s aspirations are subject to various external and internal factors, some of which it cannot influence. Successful
achievement of the bank’s 2025 strategic targets may be adversely impacted by reduced revenue generating capacities
of some of the bank’s core businesses should downside risks crystallize. These risks include but are not limited to the
challenging macroeconomic environment in Europe, in particular Germany, and the potential for a re-emergence of
inflationary pressures impacting the interest rate outlook. A number of geopolitical trends may exacerbate these risks,
including potential for widespread imposition of trade tariffs by the new U.S. administration. Other risk factors include
cyber events, the ongoing headwinds posed by regulatory reforms and the effects on the bank’s legal and regulatory
proceedings. In 2024, focus remained on the impacts of higher interest rates on the bank’s portfolios, including
Commercial Real Estate where market conditions have stabilized but a meaningful recovery is not expected until the
second half of 2025. The bank’s German retail and corporate portfolios also faced increasing headwinds, but quality
remains overall resilient. These trends could continue to drive high levels of uncertainty and impact the Group’s operations,
strategic plans and financial targets.
Opportunities may arise if macroeconomic conditions, the inflation and interest rate environment improve beyond
currently forecasted levels which suggest slightly stronger, albeit still weak, GDP growth in Europe but a moderate
slowdown in the U.S. and China in 2025 compared to last year. A better macroeconomic environment could lead to higher
revenues and support the Group’s ability to meet its 2025 financial targets. In addition, the credit environment could
improve further on the back of stabilized European growth and solid growth still expected in the U.S.; as well as a continued
easing of monetary policy by major central banks in 2025, which may result in a decrease in expected credit losses from
currently forecasted levels. At the same time, potentially higher inflation and interest rate levels and market volatility could
lead to increased revenues from trading flows and higher net interest income and lending margins. Through times of
volatility or uncertainty, Deutsche Bank could also benefit from helping clients navigate such financial markets. Focusing
on and investing in Deutsche Bank’s areas of core strengths and the implementation of the bank’s strategy may create
further opportunities if implemented to a greater extent or under more favorable conditions than currently anticipated.

Risks
Macroeconomic and market conditions
Global economic activity expanded at a robust pace in 2024, primarily driven by the U.S. economy which has outperformed
expectations. By contrast, economic performance in most of Europe remained challenging, especially in Germany. In 2025,
the U.S. economy is heading for slightly slower but solid growth driven by hopes of tax cuts and deregulation under the
new U.S. administration. Growth in the eurozone area is set to pick up moderately, but Germany is expected to lag behind
with selected sectors such as automotives seeing weak demand growth and elevated structural risks over the mediumterm. Political uncertainty in the eurozone is elevated with recent German elections held in February with coalition talks in
progress, potentially leading to disappointment on structural reforms. While the new minority government in France has
yet to develop a credible fiscal consolidation strategy to stabilize the elevated public debt ratio against strong political
resistance. In addition, European economies face external downside risks from potential U.S. trade tariffs and from China
where domestic activity lacks momentum and the highly indebted real estate sector is yet to show signs of a turnaround.
With headline and core inflation approaching central bank targets, the ECB and Fed lowered their key policy rates by 100
bps each in the second half of 2024. However, inflationary pressure remains elevated especially in the U.S. against the
backdrop of a firm labor market. Moreover, if the new U.S. administration cuts taxes, impose higher tariffs and lowers
migration, this would likely increase the risk of inflation and higher interest rates. Additionally, global supply chain
pressures from ongoing geopolitical tensions could also fuel inflation. The outlook for interest rates has become more
uncertain and markets price fewer rate cuts in the U.S. compared to a few months ago. Should inflation exceed current
expectations, the Fed and other central banks could be forced to resume policy tightening and increase the risk of a cyclical
economic recession including higher unemployment and defaults.

44

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Inflation and increase of interest rate could dampen consumer spending and private client investments. Therefore, there
may be temporary reduction in new business for consumer finance and/or private mortgages lending. Additionally
increasing inflation could lead to payment difficulties for Private Clients due to reduced inflation-adjusted income and
could lead to increasing delinquent exposure with respective impact on provisions for credit losses.
Higher interest rates may lead to refinancing risks and potential downgrades for Corporates, SME, Commercial clients and
Private clients. In addition, inflation, interest rates and market volatility could lead to an asset price reduction of collaterals
with risks related recovery values in case of liquidation and therefore respective higher impacts on provisions for credit
losses. Asset price reduction of collaterals could also lead to a potentially higher refinancing risk.
A persistently higher than expected interest rate environment would also increase the risk of corrections in highly valued
pockets of risk asset markets, e.g. the technology segment of U.S. equity markets. A prolonged, more severe bout of
volatility could adversely impact global monetary and credit conditions and Deutsche Bank’s business environment.
CRE markets remain under stress from the impact of higher interest rates, borrowing costs and tight lending conditions
leading to ongoing pressure on collateral values, particularly in the office sector, and may result in higher than expected
provisions for credit losses. Recent evidence suggests that CRE property prices and broader market conditions are
stabilizing. The turn in the monetary cycle may help to support market sentiment and ease refinancing conditions from the
second half of 2025 although refinancing risk remains elevated in the near term. The adjustment process in the office
sector is expected to persist for the next several years.
Private capital markets, which include certain activities from non-bank financial institutions and private credit more
broadly, may also be negatively impacted by higher than expected interest rates and weaker investor sentiment. The nonbank financial institutions sector is extremely broad with diverse risk profiles and vulnerabilities. A failure of one or multiple
larger non-bank financial institutions has the potential to drive direct losses for banks including Deutsche Bank and other
creditors/capital providers. Broader market instability with rising rates, risk aversion, market illiquidity and economic
slowdown all increase the likelihood of failures occurring as returns drop and investors reallocate capital. Internal risk
management approaches are commensurate to the risk profile of underlying counterparty and concentration risk
exposures and although Deutsche Bank has not experienced any noteworthy losses in the past, the bank may do so in the
future.
Deutsche Bank’s crypto related activities and direct risk exposures are extremely limited and the risk of broader contagion
to financial markets is still considered to be limited. Despite the risks currently posed by crypto assets, the bank is cognizant
of the innovation that is occurring in this space.
Overall, either in isolation or in combination with other risk factors such as the potential escalation of geopolitical risks (see
below), the aforementioned risks could lead to a deterioration in Deutsche Bank’s portfolio quality and higher than
expected credit losses as well as increased capital and liquidity demands as clients draw down on funding lines. Higher
volatility in financial markets could lead to increased margin calls, higher market risk RWA and elevated valuation reserves.
Negative impacts on investor appetite may also impact the Group’s ability to distribute and de-risk capital market
commitments, which could potentially result in losses as well as making pricing and hedging more challenging and costly.
Higher volatility in capital markets amidst the challenging macro environment could also lead to increased inherent risks
in several non-financial risks including transaction processing, internal and external fraud. It also increases the risk of
idiosyncratic counterparty events both directly and indirectly, for example shortfalls under Lombard or securities financing
transactions.
A substantial proportion of the assets and liabilities on the Group’s balance sheet comprise of financial instruments that
are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement. As a result of such changes, the
Group has incurred losses in the past, and may incur further losses in the future. The Group is exposed to risks related to
movements from foreign exchange rates, most notably related to the USD and GBP. The bank also accounts for a
substantial portion of assets and liabilities at amortized costs. The fair value of these assets may be lower than its carrying
value and could result in realized losses if the asset is sold prior to maturity.
The Group is exposed to pension risks which can materially impact the measurement of Deutsche Bank’s pension
obligations, including interest rate, inflation and longevity risks that can materially impact its earnings.
If multiple downside risks simultaneously materialize and/or occur in combination with a more pronounced economic
slowdown, the negative impact on Deutsche Bank’s business environment could be more severe than currently expected
and impact the bank’s ability to meet its 2025 financial targets.

45

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Geopolitics
A number of political and geopolitical risks and events could negatively affect Deutsche Bank’s business environment,
including weaker economic activity, financial market corrections, compliance risks or a lower interest rate environment
which could reduce the bank’s ability to achieve its 2025 financial targets.
There is particular focus on the future policies of the new U.S. administration around international trade and energy. There
is a risk that some of these policies could result in higher inflation and interest rates and uncertainty around the outlook
for key geopolitical risks. For instance, the U.S. administration has considered additional tariffs on imported goods
especially those from key trading partners such as Canada, Mexico and China, which if implemented could negatively
impact growth and fuel inflation in the U.S. This in turn, could lead to increased provisions for credit losses. Besides, the
U.S. administration has proposed to reduce funding and subsidies for clean energy initiatives which may impact companies
who are active in renewables.
The ongoing war in Ukraine and potential risk that U.S. military support may potentially be reduced, continue to increase
European concern and may lead to heightened uncertainty and business disruption. . Meanwhile, the risk of a Middle East
conflict remains elevated, despite the fragile temporary ceasefire agreed between Israel and Hamas, and the fact that Iran
and its terrorist proxies have been weakened by Israel’s military strikes and the collapse of the Assad regime in Syria. While
the market reaction remains contained thus far, a further escalation could lead to negative impacts including higher oil
prices, volatility in the markets and supply chain disruption which may in turn impact Deutsche Bank’s risk profile.
Amidst the ongoing war in Ukraine, potential further sanctions, as well as countermeasures by the Russian government,
continue to increase complexity of operations and create conflict of law situations. Against the challenging sanctions
backdrop, banks have been implicated in economic disputes of and with counterparties which could result in costs or
losses which would not occur in the normal course of business. While an immediate adverse impact to assets in Russia was
averted, the recent Russian court orders against various western banks pose downside risk.
Also, tensions between the U.S. and China remain elevated across a wide range of areas, including trade and technologyrelated issues, Hong Kong, Taiwan, human rights, tariffs and cybersecurity. Amidst the inauguration of Taiwan’s newly
elected president last year, China conducted large-scale military exercises around Taiwan, thereby continuing to apply
pressure on the island while also aggressively staking out its territorial claims in the South China Sea. While the bank does
not consider a China/Taiwan military conflict as its base case in the near-term, potential downside impacts from an
escalation are significant and could substantially and adversely affect Deutsche Bank’s planned results of operations and
financial targets. Geopolitical tensions could drive further economic polarization and fragmentation of global trade with
the possible emergence of distinct China vs. US-led supporters. Overall, potential downside impacts could adversely affect
Deutsche Bank’s planned results of operations and financial targets.
In many democratic countries, domestic political challenges have arisen from growing political polarization, rising social
discontent and higher inflation. These challenges including recent German elections may impede political decision-making
processes, forestall necessary structural reforms and lead to negative economic outcomes which could directly or
indirectly impact the bank’s risk profile and financial results.

Strategy
Deutsche Bank’s Global Hausbank strategy includes financial targets and objectives for the Group until the end of 2025.
While the Group continuously plans and adapts to changing situations, the bank runs the risk that a significant
deterioration in the global macroeconomic environment, an adverse change in market confidence in the banking sector
and/or client behavior, as well as higher competition, inflation or unforeseen costs could lead to the bank missing its 2025
financial targets and capital objectives. As such, Deutsche Bank may incur unexpected losses including impairments and
provisions, experience lower than planned profitability or an erosion of the bank’s capital or liquidity base and broader
financial condition, leading to a material adverse effect on Deutsche Bank’s results of operations and share price. This also
includes the risk that Deutsche Bank will not be able to make desired cash distributions and share buybacks, subject to
regulatory approval, shareholder authorization and meeting German corporate law requirements. Where targets reflect
commitments to regulators, missing them may also trigger action from such regulators or rating agencies. In these
situations, the Group would need to take actions to ensure it meets its minimum capital or liquidity objectives. These
actions or measures may result in adverse effects on Deutsche Bank’s business, results of operations, strategic plans or
meeting its 2025 financial targets and capital objectives.

46

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Deutsche Bank operates in highly competitive markets in all divisions. The ability to deploy capital and fund investments
is an important success factor. The Group continuously monitors and responds to competitive developments to protect its
market position and realize growth opportunities. Competitors in that context include large, international banks, smaller
domestic banks as well as emerging and non-banking competitors. If significant competitors were to merge or be acquired,
this could have impact on Deutsche Bank’s business model and opportunities to grow non-organically in the future.
In 2024, employee turnover rates exceeded prior year’s level, mainly driven by the regions Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa
and by the Americas. In general, the development of turnover rates could impact the bank’s operations and cost structures.
Inflation and growing full-time equivalent employee costs are an additional risk over and above employee turnover rates.
Deutsche Bank has the objective to preserve a CET 1 ratio of no less than 200 basis points above the bank’s Maximum
Distributable Amount (MDA) threshold with some variability possible in 2025. The Group’s capital ratio development
reflects among other things: the operating performance of the bank’s operating businesses; the extent of its restructuring
costs and the delivery of associated benefits from change initiatives including for example front-to-back optimization
programs; cost related to potential litigation and regulatory enforcement actions; growth in the balance sheet usage of
the core businesses; changes in the bank’s tax and pensions accounts; impacts on other comprehensive income; and
changes in regulation and regulatory technical standards.
The Group enters into contracts and letters of intent in connection with its ongoing evolution as well as in the ordinary
course of business. When these are preliminary in nature or conditional, the Group is exposed to the risk that they do not
result in execution of the final agreement or consummation of the proposed arrangement, putting associated benefits with
such agreements at risk.
The financial results of the bank could be adversely impacted if anticipated benefits from mergers and acquisitions, joint
ventures, strategic partnerships, planned cost savings and other investments do not materialize. At the same time, any
integration process will require significant time and resources, and the bank may not be able to manage the process
successfully.
All of the above could have a material impact on the Group’s CET 1 ratio as well as other target ratios. It is therefore
possible that the bank will fall below e.g., the CET 1 ratio objective of no less than 200 basis points above the bank’s MDA
threshold, not meet the cost/income ratio target, or the Post-tax Return on Average Tangible Equity target, as highlighted
in the section “Strategy” in this report.

Liquidity and funding
Deutsche Bank maintained investment grade ratings with all leading credit rating agencies through the year 2024.
During 2024, inflationary pressures eased globally, leading many central banks to commence reducing interest rates. The
pace of that reduction, however, varies depending upon other economic factors affecting different jurisdictions which
could in turn affect liquidity supplies and funding costs across the different jurisdictions in which the bank operates.
At the same time, a further downturn in the macro-economic environment, particularly in Germany and other European
jurisdictions could lead to a decline in deposit levels and loan growth. This effect could lead to customers moving away
from overnight to term deposits in search of better rates in the current environment which could be further exacerbated
by competitive pricing pressures from other deposit-taking institutions.
Additional liquidity risks, due to negative developments in the wider financial sector, may also occur from withdrawal of
deposits not insured by deposit guarantee schemes or result in deposits moving into other investment products. In times
of economic uncertainty or market stress, digital banking allows depositors to swiftly move funds digitally to other market
participants, leading to a faster and larger scale of deposit outflows. This risk may be exacerbated by the rollout of the
Instant Payments Regulation which could lead to accelerated outflows outside of normal business hours in addition to
increased needs for intraday liquidity. In addition, higher interest rates could foster price competition among banks for
retail deposits increasing Deutsche Bank’s funding costs, as well as putting further pressure on the volume of Deutsche
Bank’s retail deposits, which are one of the main funding sources for the bank.
In addition, these perceptions could affect the prices at which Deutsche Bank could access the capital markets to obtain
the necessary funding to support its business activities. Another impact could be the expectation among some market
participants that callable securities, typically Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1, but also senior debt, will be called at the first
available call date. In the event the bank decides not to exercise the call, there may be a negative impact on Deutsche
Bank’s funding curve due to a combination of investor dissatisfaction and potential signaling of financial difficulties. The
magnitude of the impact on funding spreads is dependent on a series of factors including, amongst others, the reset spread
and coupon of the security as compared to current market conditions. Such events could result in an inability to refinance
assets on balance sheet, business activities in their respective currencies, or maintain appropriate levels of capital. As a

47

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

result, the bank may be forced to liquidate assets it holds at depressed prices or on unfavorable terms, and to curtail
businesses, such as lending activities. This could have an adverse effect on Deutsche Bank’s business, financial condition
and results of operations.
Similarly, liquidity risk could arise from lower value and marketability of Deutsche Bank’s High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA).
Moreover, Liquidity risk could affect the amount of proceeds available for covering cash outflows during a stress event.
Additional haircuts may be incurred on top of already impaired asset values. Moreover, securities might lose their eligibility
as collateral necessary for accessing Central Bank facilities, as well as their value in the repo/wholesale funding market. At
the same time, the Group’s liquidity position may also be impaired in situations where its counterparty on e.g., a derivative
contract is not current on an obligation to post collateral, in which case the bank has to cover for the shortfall through
other means. The impact of such situations could be further pronounced to the extent the bank’s exposures to particular
counterparties or markets are significant.
While the liquidity environment of the bank has been relatively stable, continued uncertainties in the geopolitical and
economic environment could have an adverse impact on Deutsche Bank’s credit spread levels, liquidity metrics or the
bank’s rating in the future. As of December 31, 2024, the bank demonstrated strong liquidity and funding metrics which
were well above the regulatory requirements and internal risk appetite, providing a strong basis to manage, if required,
through future periods of market volatility or stress.

Private Bank backlogs
Following the completion of the data migration of Postbank in July 2023, Deutsche Bank experienced operational issues
and client backlog which led to delays in processing inquiries and increased credit costs. Residual backlogs have now been
resolved and the bank made further efforts to successfully improve its service processes in 2024. New incoming client
requests are now generally processed within defined service levels.

Regulatory supervisory reforms, assessments and proceedings
The regulatory reforms enacted and proposed in response to weaknesses identified during the last financial crisis together
with increased regulatory scrutiny and discretion will impose material costs on the bank, create significant uncertainty and
may adversely affect the Group’s business plans as well as its ability to execute the bank’s strategic plans in the mediumterm. Those changes that require the bank to maintain increased capital may significantly affect the bank’s business model,
financial condition, and results of operation as well as the competitive environment more generally. This could occur more
generally with regards to the UK. With the UK being outside the European Union, it can be more agile on the future direction
of its supervisory and regulatory framework. Given Deutsche Bank’ set-up in the UK as a branch, we will not be able to
benefit in general from improvements made to the UK framework.
Supervisors can also impose capital surcharges or regulatory adjustments, for example, as a result of the regular
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) performed by the ECB on an annual basis. Such adjustments may, for
example, reflect additional risks posed by deficiencies in the Group’s control environment, concerning the treatment of
specific portfolios, products or transactions. Following the 2024 SREP, Deutsche Bank has been informed by the ECB of
its decision regarding prudential capital requirements to be maintained from January 1, 2025, onwards, that Deutsche
Bank’s Pillar 2 Requirement amounts to 2.90%, an increase of twenty-five basis points compared to the bank’s Pillar 2
Requirement applicable for 2024. ECB’s SREP decision also includes a Pillar 2 Requirement for the leverage ratio of 10
basis points, unchanged versus prior year SREP and effective from January 1, 2025, onwards. Further, the decision includes
conclusions the ECB draws from regulatory stress tests conducted by the EBA or the ECB. The results of the EBA EU wide
stress test launched on January 20, 2025, will be published at the beginning of August. The ECB evaluates each bank’s
performance from a qualitative angle to inform the decision on the level of Pillar 2 Requirement and a quantitative
outcome which is one aspect when assessing the level of Pillar 2 Guidance. The ECB has already used these powers in its
SREP decisions in the past and it may continue to do so to address findings from onsite inspections. In extreme cases, the
ECB can even suspend certain activities or permission to operate within their jurisdictions and impose monetary fines for
failures to comply with rules applicable to the guidelines.
Regulators across the world can also impose capital surcharges to address macroeconomic risks, through the use of
macroprudential tools. These include CET1 buffer increases that could apply group-wide or only for local activities at
national level or for specific types of exposures (e.g., mortgages). The use of these tools is governed by the applicable
macroprudential framework in the EU or any other relevant jurisdiction and are typically decided by national
macroprudential authorities, such as BaFin, often on the basis of Central Bank analysis for macroeconomic risks.

48

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Several future changes to macroprudential tools are expected to impact Deutsche Bank’s business. The European
Commission had previously announced a review of the EU macroprudential regime for 2022-2023. These reviews did not
take place within the envisaged timeline. The European Commission will continue looking at these issues in 2025, and there
is always a possibility for a legislative proposal. Such reforms could result in an increase of the bank’s level of capital
requirements, including capital buffers, additional capital requirements for securitizations, an increase in risk-weighted
assets or other regulatory requirements related to the banks’ dealings with various types of counterparties, including NonBank Financial Intermediaries (NBFI).
In July 2024, the EU prudential rules (Capital Requirements Regulation and Directive – CRR3 and CRD 6) was published in
the EU Official Journal. The reform implements the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) Final Basel III reforms.
These reforms change how EU banks will calculate their risk weighted assets. The biggest part of the reforms will apply as
of January 2025, with the exception of the rules on Market Risk (implementing the Fundamental Review of the Trading
Book – FRTB), which has been delayed by the European Commission, via a Delegated Act, to January 2026. The output
floor, which limits the internal-model RWA to ultimately 72.5% of the Standardized Approach RWA, will apply fully in
January 2030. Final Basel III will increase the bank’s RWA and associated capital requirements. The reform is also being
implemented, with different timelines, in all major jurisdictions. At the start of 2024, the EBA consulted on amendments
to its RTS (Regulatory Technical Standard) on prudent valuation. This standard sets out the requirements that institutions
operating in the EU should apply for the valuation of their fair-valued assets and liabilities for prudential purposes. The
EBA is working through the comments received, depending on their final view, this may lead to increase in our CET1
requirements. The EBA also consulted on change to their RTS on off-balance sheet items. This approach also looking into
the treatment of chargeback payments. Similar to the prudent valuation RTS, the EBA is working through the comments,
and the bank expect a final RTS to be published in third quarter 2025. This will provide further steer on the prudential
treatment of chargeback risk.
In April 2023, the European Commission issued a legislative proposal for reform of the EU crisis management and deposit
insurance framework, with amendments to all relevant Directives and Regulations, including the Bank Recovery and
Resolution Directive, the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive. The
purpose of the legislative proposal is, among other things, to further harmonize and regulate the crisis management and
resolution of small- and medium-sized EU banks, which is currently subject to some degree of national discretion. In its
legislative proposal the Commission includes several changes that could impact Deutsche Bank and its clients, including
a change in the insolvency hierarchy of claims of all depositors, including those uninsured by deposit guarantee schemes.
Also, the proposals provide for an expanded possibility by authorities to use the funds of national deposit guarantee
scheme to contribute to the resolution of a bank, and thus giving also access to the Single Resolution Fund. This European
Commission legislative proposal has been following the regular EU co-legislative process, with the involvement of the EU
27 Member States and the European Parliament. The finalization of the revised directives and regulation may happen in
2025, or in a later year, depending on the ability of the co-legislators to reach a compromise, and could differ significantly
from the original Commission proposal.
On December 12, 2024, a provisional agreement between the co-legislators was reached on the revised EU Benchmarks
Regulation which will reduce the scope of application of the Regulation significantly by focusing only on the supervision
of critical and significant benchmarks as well as those which are Paris-aligned or Climate Transition benchmarks and some
commodity benchmarks. Due to the inclusion of an exemption for certain third-country foreign exchange (spot FX)
benchmarks, the revised EU Benchmark Regulations will contribute to a reduction in regulatory burden on EU users of
benchmarks.
The Retail Investment Strategy, a European Commission proposal from May 24, 2023, containing a series of measures and
amendments to the current legislative framework to strengthen investor participation and consumer trust remains in the
legislative process with the Parliament and Council having finalized their respective positions. Trilogues are expected to
start in early 2025.
The revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation (MiFID II/R) entered into force on March 28, 2024.
Further technical work by ESMA and the European Commission on transparency requirements and the consolidated tape
have started in 2024 and will continue through 2025.
In June 2023, the European Commission published two legislative packages, one linked to the introduction of a digital
euro, the other on financial data access and payments. The European Parliament and EU Member States are now to discuss
both packages. Both texts are still under discussion at European Parliament and member state levels.
In 2024, the regulatory environment for ESG and Sustainable finance further evolved. At EU level, the regulation for ESG
rating providers as well as the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) were finalized. The CSDDD
requires e.g. the establishment of a transition plan and includes due diligence obligations for corporates and banks to avoid
and mitigate human rights and environmental risks in their value chains. The application of the Deforestation regulation
which supports deforestation-free products and supply chains would have been applicable end of 2024 but was delayed

49

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

by one year. The prevention of greenwashing continues to be a relevant topic. In June, the three European Supervisory
Authorities comprising of the EBA, the ESMA, and the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority published
their final reports on greenwashing in the financial sector. The UK announced in November to resume work on Sustainable
Finance regulation, including proposals for a Green Taxonomy and a ESG rating regulation.
Also, Transition Finance remains a priority for regulators. ESMA and EBA highlighted the need for further work on the topic.
The UK’s Transition Finance Market Review published a final report, providing a framework for scaling up the market for
transition finance and a Transition Finance Council was launched by the UK government. In January 2024, the ECB
extended its climate strategy and announced a climate and nature plan to work on how nature loss and degradation pose
risks to the economy.
In addition, Deutsche Bank may be impacted by future decisions made by the Court of Justice of the EU in regard to the
terms and conditions related to irrevocable payment commitments to the SRF. If a ruling by the court is deemed to have a
negative impact on the current accounting treatment of such irrevocable payment commitments, this could result in an
accounting loss and have a material adverse effect on the bank’s results of operations. Deutsche Bank updates the BaFin
on the status of the discussions and our internal work to continue clearing for our clients.
For Indian CCPs, the BaFin published a statement in February 2023, allowing German credit institutions, including
Deutsche Bank, the possibility to remain members of the six India CCPs until October 31, 2024. The BaFin, as well as the
French AMF and ACPR granted indefinite extension of this deadline, allowing time for European banks together with the
relevant European and Indian authorities to continue work on finding a solution. This allows European banks, including
Deutsche Bank, to make any changes needed so that the clients can continue to be served even after the deadline.
Supervisors can also impose other capital surcharges, such as the increase of macroprudential capital buffers including
the Countercyclical Capital Buffer and the Systemic Risk Buffer.
In summary, both the regulatory and legislative environment are expected to be dynamic and can impact Deutsche Bank’s
revenue and costs (e.g., the cost to ensure ongoing and future compliance). Additionally, the prospect of regulatory
conditions easing in certain non-European regions could present a competitive disadvantage to the Group.

Legal and regulatory enforcement proceedings and tax examinations
Deutsche Bank is subject to a number of legal and regulatory enforcement proceedings and tax examinations. The
outcome of these proceedings is difficult to predict and may substantially and adversely affect the bank’s planned results
of operations, financial condition and reputation. If these matters are resolved on terms that are more adverse to the bank
than expected, in terms of their costs or necessary changes to Deutsche Bank’s businesses or operations, or if related
negative perceptions concerning the bank’s business and prospects and related business impacts increase, Deutsche Bank
may not be able to achieve its strategic objectives or may be required to change these objectives.
More generally, the bank operates in a highly and increasingly regulated and litigious environment, potentially exposing
the bank to liability and other costs, the amounts of which may be substantial and difficult to estimate, as well as to legal
and regulatory sanctions and reputational harm. The bank continues to maintain a regular dialogue with its supervisory
authorities who expect the bank to deliver control improvements at a faster pace and in a higher quality manner. Deutsche
Bank understands this criticism and is committed to meeting these expectations.
The latest geopolitical development in the U.S. and elsewhere may increase the complexity and costs to comply with
changing laws and rules, potential conflicts of laws as multiple regulatory regimes may come into sharper difference in
various jurisdictions, and legal risks as novel applications of pre-existing laws are made, such as, the application of
traditional antitrust law in the context of multi-party ESG initiatives. Should any of the legal proceedings be resolved
against the bank, or any investigations result in a finding that the bank failed to comply with applicable law, the bank could
be exposed to material damages, fines, limitations on business, remedial undertakings, criminal prosecution, or other
material adverse effects on Deutsche Bank’s financial condition, as well as risk to its reputation and potential loss of
business because of extensive media attention. Guilty pleas by or convictions of the bank or its affiliates in criminal
proceedings, or regulatory or enforcement orders, settlements, or agreements to which the bank or its affiliates become
subject, may have consequences that have adverse effects on certain of its businesses.

50

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime
Combatting financial crime and complying with applicable laws and regulations is vital to ensuring the stability of banks,
such as Deutsche Bank, and the integrity of the international financial system.
A robust and effective internal control environment and adequate infrastructure (comprising people, policies and
procedures, controls testing, IT systems and data) are necessary to ensure that the bank conducts its business and
performs its processes in general in compliance with the laws, regulations, and associated supervisory expectations.
The bank’s compliance controls and surveillance processes, as well as other internal control processes that are aimed at
ensuring the proper conduct of its businesses and services as well at preventing market abuse, insider dealing, and conduct
breaches, are subject to regulatory reviews and/or inquiries in certain jurisdictions.
Furthermore, the bank’s anti-money laundering (AML) and know-your client (KYC) processes and controls aimed at
preventing misuse of the bank’s products and services to commit financial crime, continue to be the subject of regulatory
reviews, investigations, and enforcement actions in several jurisdictions. The bank continually enhances the effectiveness
of its internal control environment and improve its infrastructure to revised regulatory requirements and to close gaps
identified by the bank and/or by regulators and monitors.
In September 2018, BaFin ordered Deutsche Bank to implement internal safeguards and comply with general due diligence
obligations to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. In February 2019, BaFin extended the order with regards
to the review of its group-wide risk management processes in correspondent banking and adjust them as necessary. In
April 2021, BaFin further expanded its order, requiring additional internal safeguards and sustainable compliance with due
diligence obligations, including those for correspondent relationships. The April 2021 order was subsequently extended
to include enhancements to the Bank’s transaction monitoring systems.
In 2023, the BaFin issued an additional order instructing Deutsche Bank to implement specific improvements to data
processing systems for transaction monitoring and warned of potential financial penalties in case of non-fulfillment.
To monitor the implementation of the ordered measures, BaFin appointed a Special Representative in 2018, whose
mandate was prolonged following each order extension to ensure continued monitoring and progress assessment. This
mandate concluded on October 30, 2024. The bank continues to fully cooperate with the BaFin and remains committed
to investing the necessary resources to implement the remaining measures within the deadlines.
In July 2023, the bank entered into a Consent Order and Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve resolving previously
disclosed regulatory discussions concerning adherence to prior orders and settlements related to sanctions and
embargoes and AML compliance, a prior correspondent banking relationship and remedial agreements and obligations
related to risk management issues. Both the Consent Order and Written Agreement require the bank to comply with and
effectuate certain remedial undertakings. To the extent the Bank does not comply with such undertakings, it may face
additional regulatory action, including further civil monetary penalties and business restrictions.
The war in Ukraine continues to lead to a high increase of sanctions by G7 countries targeting Russian individuals, entities,
goods, industry sectors as well as enablers in third countries. Specifically, 2023 and 2024 were characterized by sanctions
responding to Russia’s measures avoiding the effect of sanctions, such as EU or U.S. secondary sanctions which allow
measures to be taken against Foreign Financial Institutions if they conduct certain transactions with Russian targeted
sectors, designated persons or products. In addition, the EU requires EU entities to mandate their non-EU subsidiaries to
not take any action undermining the effect of the EU sanctions against Russia. Together with the expansive new EU
reporting requirements these measures increase operational burden and regulatory risk for banks with clients that have
business operations in or with entities in Russia. Similarly, the EU has enhanced sanctions against Belarus. The U.S.
Outbound Investment Rule was published in Q4 2024 and with the incoming U.S. Administration, there is the potential for
further sanctions, in addition to trade measures against China in 2025.

51

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Deutsche Bank manages these sanctions with enhanced communications, guidance and operational support led by AFC’s
Sanctions & Screening team. Further DB has updated its Sanctions Policy thereby mandating a further reduction of
exposure to countries like Russia and Belarus. The Sanctions Policy will enter into force in Q1 2025. In addition, transactions
are filtered, client and counterparty data is screened, trade in sanctioned financial instruments is restricted, goods and
commodities (such as oil) subject to trade finance restrictions are screened in a risk-based approach and further measures
such as rejecting or freezing a transaction, restricting client activities, exiting a client relationship or obtaining required
regulatory authorizations are taken. Noting the potential escalation in geo-political tensions between the U.S. and China
DB is reviewing appetite statements in place, and governance for overseeing this activity. This involves incorporating the
recent U.S. Outbound Investment Rule considerations.

Risk management policies, procedures and methods
Deutsche Bank has devoted significant resources to develop its risk management policies, procedures and methods,
including with respect to market, credit, liquidity, operational as well as reputational and model risk. However, the bank
may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposures in all economic or market environments or against all types of risk,
including risks that the bank fails to identify or anticipate. Where the Group uses models to calculate risk-weighted assets
for regulatory purposes, potential deficiencies may also lead regulators to impose a recalibration of input parameters or a
complete review of the model.
Nonetheless, the risk management techniques and strategies have not been and may in the future not be fully effective in
mitigating the bank’s risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that it
fails to identify or anticipate. Some of the bank’s quantitative tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon its use of
observed historical market behavior. The bank applies statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at
quantifications of its risk exposures. In a financial crisis, the financial markets may experience extreme levels of volatility
(rapid changes in price direction) and the breakdown of historically observed correlations (the extent to which prices move
in tandem) across asset classes, compounded by extremely limited liquidity. In such a volatile market environment, the
bank’s risk management tools and metrics may fail to predict important risk exposures. In addition, Deutsche Bank’s
quantitative modeling does not take all risks into account and makes numerous assumptions regarding the overall
environment, which may not be borne out by events. As a result, risk exposures have arisen and could continue to arise
from factors the bank did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in its models. This has limited and could continue to limit the
bank’s ability to manage its risks especially in light of geopolitical developments, many of the outcomes of which are
currently unforeseeable. The bank’s losses thus have been and may in the future be significantly greater than the historical
measures indicate.
In addition, the bank’s more qualitative approach to managing those risks not taken into account by the quantitative
methods could also prove insufficient, exposing the bank to material unanticipated losses. Also, if existing or potential
customers or counterparties believe its risk management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere or seek
to limit their transactions with the bank. This could harm the bank’s reputation as well as its revenues and profits. See
“Management Report: Risk Report” in the Annual Report 2024 for a more detailed discussion of the policies, procedures
and methods the bank uses to identify, monitor and manage its risks.

Third Party Vendor Management
Financial institutions rely on third-party service providers for a range of services, some of which support their critical
operations. These dependencies have grown in recent years as part of the increasing trend in digitalization of the financial
services sector which can bring multiple benefits including flexibility, innovation and improved operational resilience.
However, if not properly managed, disruption to critical services or service providers could pose risks to financial
institutions, and in some cases, financial stability.
The regulatory framework for managing third party risk continues to evolve and becomes increasingly complex as
regulators seek to address various objectives. There are two main areas of focus including how financial institutions
manage their third-party risks and how to address the systemic risks caused by concentration of services provided by
critical third parties.
Deutsche Bank has a well-established approach to Third Party Risk Management; from a clear policy and procedure
through to centralized risk process for businesses to use when engaging with third parties. To respond to the increasing
regulatory demand, Deutsche Bank is continuously enhancing the bank’s control environment. In 2024, the bank
concluded a key transformational project which has delivered improved efficiency, a more proportionate approach, real
time monitoring and better culture of awareness to protect the bank from third party risk.
When using third-party service providers, the bank remains fully responsible and accountable for complying with all the
regulatory obligations, including the ability to oversee the outsourcing of critical or important functions. The bank may
face risks of material losses or reputational damage if third parties fail to provide services as agreed with the bank and/or
in line with regulatory requirements.

52

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Similar to cybersecurity threats to Deutsche Bank, a successful cyberattack on a third party vendor could have a significant
negative impact on the bank that may result in the disclosure or misuse of client as well as proprietary information, damage
or inability to access information technology systems, financial losses, additional costs, personal data breach notification
obligations, reputational damage, client dissatisfaction and potential regulatory penalties or litigation exposure
In situations where Deutsche Bank is the third party service provider, the bank may be exposed to financial risks, such as
lost revenues, costs and expenses associated with the cancellation of the service agreement, if Deutsche Bank were no
longer able to benefit from the relationship.

Goodwill and other intangible assets
Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if there are indications that impairment may have
occurred.
Other intangible assets are recognized separately from goodwill when they are separable or arise from contractual or other
legal rights and their fair value can be measured reliably. These assets are tested for impairment, or their useful lives
reaffirmed at least annually. This includes the testing in relation to software impairments.
The determination of the recoverable amount in the impairment assessment of non-financial assets requires estimates
based on quoted market prices, prices of comparable businesses, present value or other valuation techniques, or a
combination thereof, necessitating management to make subjective judgments and assumptions. These estimates and
assumptions could result in significant differences to the amounts reported if underlying circumstances were to change.
Impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets have had and may have a material adverse effect on profitability and
results of operations.

Pension Obligations
Deutsche Bank sponsors a number of post-employment benefit plans on behalf of its employees, including defined benefit
plans. For further details on Deutsche Bank’s employee benefit plans see Note 33 – “Employee Benefits” in the
consolidated financial statements.
The bank develops and maintain guidelines for governance and risk management, including funding, asset allocation and
actuarial assumption setting. In this regard, risk management means the management and control of risks for the bank
related to market developments (e.g., interest rate, credit spread, price inflation), asset investment, regulatory or legislative
requirements, as well as monitoring demographic changes (e.g., longevity). To the extent that pension plans are funded,
the assets held mitigate some of the liability risks, but introduce investment risk. In its key pension countries, the bank’s
largest post-employment benefit plan risk exposures relate to potential changes in credit spreads, interest rates, price
inflation, longevity risk and liquidity risk, although these have been partially mitigated through the investment strategy
adopted. Overall, the bank seeks to minimize the impact of pensions on its financial position from market movements,
subject to balancing the trade-offs involved in financing post-employment benefits, regulatory capital and constraints
from local funding or accounting requirements.
The bank’s investment objective in funding the plans and its obligations in respect of them is to protect the bank from
adverse impacts of its defined benefit pension plans on key financial metrics. The bank seeks to allocate plan assets closely
to the market risk factor exposures of the pension liability to interest rates, credit spreads and inflation and, thereby, plan
assets broadly reflect the underlying risk profile and currency of the pension obligations.
To the extent that the factors that drive the bank’s pension liabilities move in a manner adverse to the bank, or that its
assumptions regarding key variables prove incorrect, or that funding of the pension liabilities does not sufficiently hedge
those liabilities, the bank could be required to make additional contributions or be exposed to actuarial or accounting
losses in respect of its pension plans.
In Germany, the Group is a member of the BVV Versicherungsverein des Bankgewerbes a.G. (BVV), a multi-employer
defined benefit plan, together with other financial institutions. In line with industry practice, the Group accounts for it as a
defined contribution plan since insufficient information is available to identify assets and liabilities relating to the Group’s
current and former employees, primarily because the BVV does not fully allocate plan assets to beneficiaries nor to
member companies. The Group may be exposed to significant financial risk should the residual risks related to this multiemployer defined benefit plan materialize.

53

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Deferred Tax Assets
The bank recognizes deferred tax assets for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, unused tax losses and
unused tax credits. To the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or
a portion of the deferred tax assets to be utilized, the bank must reduce the carrying amounts. Each quarter, the bank reevaluates its estimate related to deferred tax assets, which can change from period to period and requires significant
management judgment. Furthermore, deferred tax assets are measured based on tax rates that are expected to apply in
the period that the asset is realized, based on the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted
at the balance sheet date. If for example, the U.S. were to enact a reduction in the corporate income tax rate, which going
forward would positively impact the bank’s effective tax rate, the bank’s deferred tax assets in the U.S. would have to be
remeasured at the lower tax rate. Reductions in the amount of deferred tax assets from a change in estimate or a change
in tax rate have had and may in the future have material adverse effects on its profitability, equity and financial condition.

Technology, Data and Innovation
Digital Innovation may offer market entry opportunities for new competitors such as cross-industry entrants, global tech
companies and financial technology companies. Therefore, the bank expects its businesses to have an increased need for
investments in digital product and process resources to remain competitive and mitigate the risk of a potential loss of
market share.
Through its strategic partnership with Google, Deutsche Bank is migrating applications to the Public Cloud with the goal
of improving IT flexibility and resiliency Technology transformation requires robust governance, planning and funding and
remains an area of significant regulatory interest in this program. Additionally, the bank must ensure adopt applicable
standards of data privacy and security to protect client and bank information. Failure to do so can compromise client trust,
lead to financial losses and result in regulatory penalties, litigation and compensation obligations.
The bank continually assesses and monitors emerging threats relating to the security of the bank’s operations and
information. This comprises identification of and response to incidents along the bank’s supply chain, including third and
fourth party vendors. Security breaches impacting the bank’s supply chain may not only affect the bank but also may have
severe cross-industry consequences. Additionally, Deutsche Bank actively tracks threats which have the potential to
exploit security vulnerabilities, and activities by nation-state actors along with trends and developments, such as cyber
risks related to Artificial Intelligence technologies and potential threats that Quantum Computing poses to encryption. We
also continue to closely observe common attack scenarios, including ransomware, denial of service, and supply chain
attacks. Deutsche Bank maintains insurance for cyber events. There can be no assurance that such coverage will be
adequate to cover all losses or liabilities arising from a cyber event.
Mitigation strategies and controls are continually adapted to address these evolving risks and the global security threat
landscape. For further details and more information, please refer to the Information Security chapter within the Risk
Report.
Deutsche Bank is continuously improving its data management strategy focusing on core processes and data sets like
transactional, client, and reference data. This includes developing and implementing enterprise architecture principles
across its core technology infrastructure. This is central to Deutsche Bank’s wider technology and data strategy, which
aims to enable business growth and efficiencies, while also enhancing the control environment. Regulators are actively
involved in monitoring the bank's progress in this area.
Major technology transformations in the bank’s business and infrastructure areas are executed via dedicated initiatives.
These initiatives aim to reduce IT and business costs, improve controls, and drive revenue growth by offering new client
features or targeting client growth. However, there are risks in executing these programs, such as, talent and financial
constraints, dependencies on other programs and key deliverables, extended implementation timelines or adverse change
related impacts activity on the control environment and functionality issues within upgraded applications or their
underlying technologies. These risks are carefully managed to mitigate the risk of not fully achieving expected benefits.

54

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Risks

Environmental, social and governance
The impacts of rising global temperatures and the associated policy, technology and behavioral changes required to limit
global warming to no greater than 1.5oc above pre-industrial levels have led to emerging sources of financial and nonfinancial risks. These include the physical risk impacts from extreme weather events, and transition risks as carbonintensive sectors are faced with higher costs, potentially reduced demand and restricted access to financing. More rapid
than currently expected emergence of transition and/or physical climate risks and other environmental risks may lead to
increased credit and market losses as well as operational disruptions due to impacts on vendors and the bank’s own
operations. Deutsche Bank has integrated Climate and Environmental risk considerations throughout its risk and control
frameworks to ensure that risks are identified, monitored and managed.
Instances of extreme weather events have increased in frequency & severity. Recent cases of severe flash flooding in Spain,
hurricanes in North America and wildfires in California highlight the increasing trend of damaging climate events. Although
impacts were contained, future extreme weather events could lead to higher credit loss provisions, property loss, rising
insurance costs and operational resilience risks. Extreme weather events can also impact Deutsche Bank’s revenue
generating capabilities and costs, while market declines and volatility could negatively impact the value of financial
instruments, drive volatility in the bank’s valuation and timing differences and result in impairments of non-financial assets.
Furthermore, financial institutions are facing increased scrutiny on climate and sustainability-related issues from
governments, regulators, shareholders and other bodies (including non-governmental organizations). Banks must navigate
an increasingly complex and heterogenous policy environment with U.S. led challenges to their collaborative efforts to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions leading to accusations of unlawful practice and anti-trust violations with potential for
restrictions on access to certain clients and potential litigation. In key focus is the Net Zero Banking Alliance which has
seen the departure of U.S. peers in response to these concerns. In contrast, many organizations and individuals expect
banks to support the transition to a lower carbon economy, to limit nature-related risks such as biodiversity and habitat
loss, and to protect human rights. This increased scrutiny includes more extensive and prescriptive ESG disclosure
requirements such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). The emergence of significantly diverging
ESG regulatory and/or disclosure standards across jurisdictions could lead to higher costs of compliance and risks of failing
to meet requirements. Of note is the interconnectedness between transition, other environmental, and social risks where
supporting the transition could lead to increased demand for transition minerals which are obtained via mining.
Deutsche Bank is rated by a number of ESG rating providers, with the ratings increasingly utilized as criteria to determine
eligibility for sustainable investments and to assess management of ESG risks and opportunities. The methodologies and
scores used by the different providers can lead to significant divergence in results. Should the bank’s ratings lag peers, or
materially deteriorate, this could lead to negative reputational impacts and reduced investor demand for equity/debt.
Improved ratings may have the opposite effect.
Data, methodologies and industry standards for measuring and assessing climate and other environmental risks are still
evolving or, in certain cases, are not yet available. This, combined with a lack of comprehensive and consistent climate and
other environmental risk disclosures by its clients means that the bank, in line with the wider industry, is heavily reliant on
proxy estimates and/or proprietary approaches for its own climate and environmental risk management disclosures. The
high degree of uncertainty that this creates increases the risk that third parties may assert that the bank’s sustainabilityrelated disclosures constitute greenwashing. Positively, enhanced disclosure requirements for our clients will reduce
reliance on proxy estimates and/or proprietary approaches going forwards.
While Deutsche Bank remains committed to the targets outlined in its Sustainability Deep Dive, the bank may face
headwinds in achieving its aim for € 500 billion in cumulative sustainable financing and investment volumes through the
end of 2025. If ambitions or targets are missed, this could impact, among other things, revenues and the reputation of the
bank. In addition, scarcity of green and social assets may reduce Deutsche Bank’s ability to issue compliant funding. In
addition, competition for the financing of green and social assets may reduce Deutsche Bank’s ability to issue funding that
qualifies for inclusion. Additionally, an economy transitioning at a slower pace may result in significant deviations from the
bank’s net zero-aligned emissions pathways toward its targets. This would come to reduce transition risk in the short to
medium term but increase it significantly over the longer term. The bank continues to consider its net zero targets as one
of the key climate risk management tools and recently extended its net zero target framework to include the Commercial
Aviation sector. Certain jurisdictions have begun to develop anti-ESG measures including requiring financial institutions
that wish to do business with them to certify their non-adherence to aspects of the transition agenda. Failing to comply
with these requirements may result in the termination of existing business and the inability to conduct new business with
those jurisdictions, while complying may lead to reputational risks and potential lawsuits.

55

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Opportunities

Opportunities
Macroeconomic and market conditions
Should economic conditions, such as GDP growth, levels of unemployment, the interest rate environment and competitive
conditions in the financial services industry improve beyond currently forecasted levels, this could result in higher
revenues. These impacts may only be partially offset by additional costs, therefore improving the Group’s ability to meet
its financial targets. At the same time, potentially higher inflation, interest rates and market volatility could present a
number of opportunities, such as increased revenues from higher trading flows amid private, corporate and institutional
customers repositioning their portfolios, higher net interest income as well as higher margins on lending across the Group’s
balance sheet.
In particular, opportunities could arise if the macroeconomic environment in our home market Germany improves in the
wake of the early Bundestag election in February 2025. If the next federal government accomplishes a relaxation of the
constitutional debt brake and/or the implementation of growth enhancing structural reforms, e.g. to reduce electricity
prices or the administrative and tax burden of businesses, Germany’s economic growth prospects would improve over the
medium term. Some initial positive effects on the bank’s business environment (e.g. from additional fiscal spending or
higher confidence) could possibly materialize over the short term during 2025.
A substantial proportion of the assets and liabilities on the Group’s balance sheet are of financial instruments carried at
fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement. If market conditions improve or interest rates
decline, this could result in an increase in the fair value of certain financial instruments. As a result of such changes, the
Group may realize gains in the future.

Geopolitics
While rising geopolitical risk creates uncertainty which undermines the global growth outlook and leads to increased
fragmentation of the business environment, Deutsche Bank could benefit from supporting clients to de-risk their supply
chains and rebalance their global footprint if the fragmentation of the international trade order accelerates. Should
geopolitical risk unexpectedly subside, the outlook for global growth could improve beyond the bank’s assumptions with
positive implications for revenues and risk metrics.

Regulatory change
Regulatory change can encourage banks to provide better products or services that can offer opportunities for
differentiation in the marketplace. For example, as reporting standards continue to develop and improve for sustainable
finance, the market may evolve to embrace sustainable finance initiatives more broadly. As clients and the market adopt
sustainable finance related initiatives, the Group may have the opportunity to further differentiate the bank by enhancing
the services provided to its clients.

Strategy
Deutsche Bank’s Global Hausbank strategy outlines the bank’s approach to materially improve returns to shareholders
over time and how best deploy the balance sheet as well as other resources, in a way that is consistent with the client
franchise and risk appetite of the bank. As such, the implementation of the Group’s strategy may create further
opportunities if implemented to a greater extent or under more favorable conditions than anticipated. This includes
potential benefits from better than planned macroeconomic, market and geopolitical conditions or advantageous changes
in the competitive environment, such as the retreat of traditional and emerging, non-banking competitors in selected
markets.
If businesses and processes improve beyond Deutsche Bank’s planned assumptions and cost efficiencies can be realized
sooner or to a greater extent than forecasted, this could also positively impact the results of operations. The progress could
be further stimulated if markets react favorably to Deutsche Bank’s rating upgrades and sustained revenue performance.
This could in turn reduce funding costs and further amplify the bank’s profitability.

56

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Opportunities

The bank expects to pursue the Group strategy and become the first point of call for all its clients, addressing the full range
of their financial needs – as their “Global Hausbank”. Deutsche Bank’s expects its over 150-year heritage, global network,
market expertise, outstanding risk management and comprehensive product range to support growth and targeted
investments with focus on becoming sustainably profitable while increasing operational efficiencies and maintaining
capital discipline.
Within the Corporate Bank, Deutsche Bank sees multi-faceted opportunities across a market leading franchise that
leverages Corporate Bank’s global footprint and coverage model. Deutsche Bank expects to grow revenues by combining
risk management solutions with treasury platform capabilities and establishing the Corporate Bank as a key partner to
support its clients’ energy transformation, building on its position in Europe and expanding further into APAC.
The Investment Bank continues to be a global leader in fixed income and financing products, and Deutsche Bank is focused
on consolidating this position and maintaining the market share gained. To achieve this, combined with the strength of the
Origination and Advisory platform, the focus of the division is targeted on specific investment into areas of growth in
existing and adjacent businesses to enhance and diversify the product offering. Meanwhile, the Investment Bank continues
to focus on the optimization of cost and capital across the portfolio, and additional enhancements to the control
environment. In addition, an increased focus upon the efficiency of the division’s client coverage intends to increase the
strength and depth of relationships across the global client base.
For the Private Bank, focus remains on German retail, international retail and business clients, and on seeking growth
predominantly within advisory areas. With respect to wealth management activities, the Group sees growth opportunities
particularly in EMEA and APAC.
For Asset Management, comprising of DWS legal entities, DWS continues to execute the publicly stated strategy, which
aims to maintain leadership in mature asset classes and selectively grow other regions and products, in order to cement
its status as a leading asset manager. Growth areas include revenue opportunities from further asset shifts towards Passive
investments and Alternative products.
Deutsche Bank continues to focus on sustainability throughout the bank and has seen opportunities for growth in this
space across all the bank’s core businesses as clients’ response to climate change gains further traction. Given strong client
appetite, Deutsche Bank continues to see sustainable finance as a key opportunity and area of investment. As part of the
broader efforts to develop a risk appetite strategy to manage climate risk, the bank sees opportunities to support clients,
for example, in developing credible decarbonization strategies and support their transition.
Individuals and institutions, including clients and non-clients of the bank, increasingly view ESG-related opportunities as
significant for long-term returns and the bank believes this could become a key differentiator. In this regard, inclusion of
ESG factors in the investment processes or decision-making process for awarding business mandates across businesses is
growing. As such, Deutsche Bank plans to develop and provide financial products or investment possibilities that can help
both the bank and its clients to achieve common ESG goals and advance Deutsche Bank’s holistic ESG strategy. More
broadly, the bank believes that advancing ESG activities can lead to both additional revenues opportunities as well as an
improved brand and stakeholder perception.
Additionally, a shared and strong firm-wide risk and control culture, enabled by technology, analytics and the bank’s deep
risk expertise, may, in parts provide the competitive edge needed to support the growth strategy of Deutsche Bank’s
businesses.
Overall, there are opportunities for Deutsche Bank to gain market share and grow its client base via supporting client needs
for financing, advice, and risk management.

57

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risks and Opportunities
Opportunities

Technology, Data and Innovation
Digital Innovation offers Deutsche Bank various revenue opportunities, from increasing sales with existing customers to
acquiring new customers, by expanding the Bank’s own product portfolio and by engaging in product partnerships with
third parties, which can potentially shorten times-to-market. The Group’s global reach allows it to scale products quickly
and efficiently across geographies. At the same time, the bank’s customers will benefit from products and services being
developed and brought to market more quickly in the future.
The bank´s ongoing strategic partnership with Google Cloud demonstrates its commitment to embrace new technologies.
Application migrations to Google Cloud, e.g. the SAP HANA finance platform which includes the bank´s general ledger, are
expected to bring along a number of benefits including performance, scalability, stability and security of the cloud
environment.
The bank is collaborating with Google, Microsoft and other technology providers on the early adoption of new AI
technologies and on ‘Responsible AI’ for the banking industry. The bank is evaluating such technologies in a prudent and
responsible way to ensure it understands and mitigates risks that may arise before deploying them into production. The
bank’s global reach allows it to scale products quickly and efficiently across geographies, while its customers will benefit
from new products and services being developed and brought to market more quickly in the future. Deutsche Bank’s
approach is to maximize benefits from AI without compromising on risk. It has created an Artificial Intelligence Oversight
Forum to ensure that there is appropriate monitoring and risk assessment of AI solutions and their alignment with the
bank’s strategic goals. In 2024, the bank has already implemented a number of AI solutions, including a document
processing solution that leverages Generative AI to significantly reduce document handling time. Another GenAI solution
called “dbLumina” has been implemented to allow business subject matter experts to curate, fine-tune, and control
content from large bodies of knowledge in a consistent and reliable manner. In addition to implementing specific AI
solutions, the bank is also adopting more generic AI solutions with a controlled roll out of the Microsoft Copilot.
In addition, technology is creating new sets of digital assets and money, such as central bank digital currencies, tokenized
deposits, stablecoins and electronic securities. These may facilitate cheaper, faster, and more efficient financial
transactions, while also unlocking new use cases. Deutsche Bank in very active discussions on both wholesale and retail
Central Bank Digital Currency solutions globally, but particularly within Europe. It participated in the Wholesale central
bank money settlement trials with the ECB. It is also collaborating with the Bank for International Settlements to explore
the benefits that tokenization can provide wholesale cross-border payments.
Deutsche Bank reviews opportunities to leverage the benefits in underlying digital asset technology to address customer
needs within the bank’s regulatory and risk appetite frameworks. By maintaining a cautious and highly selective approach,
the bank aims to leverage new technology in a way that safely benefits clients, but this approach could also lead to missed
opportunities.

Environmental, social and governance
The transition to a lower carbon economy presents multiple opportunities to support clients on their pathways to net zero
through the provision of sustainable finance and transition expertise. In 2023, Deutsche Bank published its Initial Transition
Plan which consolidates the bank’s definitions, methodologies, targets and achievements on its path to net-zero by 2050
in a single publication. Overall, coupled with the active management of the Group’s carbon footprint via its net zero target
regime, this can lead to both revenue opportunities as well as improved stakeholder perceptions.

58

Risk Report

61

Introduction

62

Risk and capital overview

65

Risk and capital framework

62
63

65
66
68
69
70
71
73

74

121

Key risk metrics
Risk profile

Risk management principles
Risk governance
Risk appetite and capacity
Risk and capital plan
Stress testing
Risk measurement and
reporting systems
Recovery and resolution planning

Risk and Capital Management

74
74
75
75
94
101
106
111
114
115
116

Capital management
Resource limit setting
Risk identification and assessment
Credit Risk Management
Market Risk Management
Operational risk management
Liquidity risk management
Enterprise risk management
Model Risk Management
Reputational Risk Management
Information security

Risk and capital performance

121

138
173
176
178
179

Capital, Leverage Ratio,
TLAC and MREL
Credit Risk Exposure
Trading Market Risk Exposures
Non-trading Market Risk Exposures
Operational risk exposure
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Solid capital and risk metrics

Resilience
— Capital position robust with CET1 ratio at 13.8% at year-end
2024, despite absorbing litigation charges and capital
deduction for the € 750 million share buyback announced

13.8%

CET1 Ratio

— Aim to operate with a buffer of 200 bps above the bank’s
expected MDA threshold, as Deutsche Bank builds capital
and absorbs regulatory changes

~264bps
above MDA

Leverage ratio essentially flat
— Leverage exposure increasd by 6% year-on-year mainly driven by
exposures to securities financing transactions in line with balance
sheet growth and higher committments and guarantees; effects
more than offset by organic capital generation, overall resulting
in a slightly higher Leverage Ratio by 8bps

4.6%

Leverage Ratio
€1,316bn
Leverage
Exposure

Increasing capital efficiency
— RWA increased by ~2% predominately driven by Credit Risk RWA
on back of, among others, business growth and refinements
in internal models

€ 357bn

Risk Weigthed
Assets
€7.7bn
increase

— Achieved total RWA equivalent reductions from capital efficiency
measures of ~€ 24bn, close to end-2025 target of € 25–30bn

Provision for Credit Losses stabilize
— Full year provisions elevated and affected by temporary effects
in the Private Bank following the Postbank integration, a small
number of corporate events and cyclical impacts from CRE
— Impacts of macroeconomic and geopolitical risks on our credit
portfolio are closely monitored; key quality indicators broadly
stable with no structural deterioration in underlying asset quality
currently observed

€ 1.8bn

Provision for
Credit losses
38bps of
avg. loans
annualized

Sound liquidity and funding base
— Sound liquidity and funding base, with Liquidity Coverage Ratio
(LCR) at 131% (and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) at 121%) both
well above regulatory requirements and at the bank’s target ranges

131%
LCR

€53bn
surplus above
requirements

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Introduction
Disclosure following Amendments to the Capital Requirements Regulation

Introduction
Disclosures in line with IFRS 7
The following Risk Report provides qualitative and quantitative disclosures about credit, market and other risks in line with
the requirements of International Financial Reporting Standard 7 (IFRS 7) Financial Instruments: Disclosures. It also
considers the underlying classification and measurement and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 with further details to be
found in the “Credit Risk Management and Asset quality” section, in the “Asset quality” section, in the “Credit risk
mitigation” section and in Note 1 “Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates” to the consolidated
financial statements. Information which forms part of and is incorporated by reference into the financial statements of this
report is marked by a light blue shading throughout this Risk Report.
Since June 30, 2020, the Group applies the transitional arrangements in relation to IFRS 9 as provided in the current
CRR/CRD for all CET1 measures.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank implemented a new client reference data system as well as completed the Postbank integration
into the Deutsche Bank platform. Both measures led to process alignments and refinements consequently changing the
presentation of certain client exposures by geography and industry (NACE). The process alignments and refinements had
no impact on the overall Group’s total client exposures as of December 31, 2024.

Disclosures according to Pillar 3 of the Basel III Capital
Framework
Deutsche Bank’s disclosures according to Pillar 3 of the Basel 3 Capital Framework, which are implemented in the
European Union by the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions (Capital
Requirements Regulation or CRR), including recent amendments; and supported by the EBA guideline “Final draft
implementing technical standards on public disclosures by institutions of the information referred to in Titles II and III of
Part Eight of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013“ and related guidelines applicable to Pillar 3 disclosures, are published in the
Group’s Pillar 3 Report, which can be found on Deutsche Bank’s website.

Disclosures according to principles and recommendations of
the Enhanced Disclosure Task Force
In 2012 the Enhanced Disclosure Task Force (EDTF) was established as a private sector initiative under the auspices of the
Financial Stability Board (FSB), with the primary objective to develop fundamental principles for enhanced risk disclosures
and to recommend improvements to existing risk disclosures. Deutsche Bank adheres to the disclosure recommendations
in this Risk Report and also in its Pillar 3 report.

Disclosure following Amendments to the Capital Requirements
Regulation
During 2024, the EU co-legislators finalized, adopted and published the comprehensive package of reforms with respect
to European Union banking rules which implement the Final Basel III set of global reforms, changing how banks calculate
their RWA (Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 (CRR3)), applicable from January 1, 2025. It includes, among other things, an until
2030 gradually introduced output floor establishing minimum RWA that will ultimately be set at 72.5% of the RWA
calculated under the standardized approach, changes to standardized and internal ratings-based approaches for
determining credit risk, changes to the credit valuation adjustment, a revision of the approaches for operational risks and
reforms to the market risk framework as set out in the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB, applicable as of
January 1, 2026). The implementation of the changes to CRR affect among others Deutsche Bank’s risk-weighted assets
and regulatory capital.

61

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital overview
Key risk metrics

Risk and capital overview
Key risk metrics
The following section provides qualitative and quantitative disclosures about credit, market, liquidity and other risk metrics
and its developments within the twelve months ended December 31, 2024. Disclosures according to Pillar 3 of the Basel
III Capital Framework, which are implemented in the European Union by the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) and
supported by EBA Implementing Technical Standards or the EBA Guideline, are published in the Group’s separate Pillar 3
report.
The following selected key risk ratios and corresponding metrics form part of the bank’s holistic risk management across
individual risk types. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, Economic Capital Adequacy ratio, Leverage ratio, Total Loss
Absorbing Capacity, Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, Liquidity Coverage Ratio, Stressed Net
Liquidity Position and Net Stable Funding Ratio serve as high-level metrics and are fully integrated across strategic
planning, risk appetite framework, stress testing as well as recovery and resolution planning practices, which are reviewed
and approved by the Management Board at least annually.

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Ratio
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

13.8%1
13.7%

Risk-Weighted Assets (RWA)
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

Economic Capital Adequacy (ECA) Ratio
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

199%
205%

Economic Capital (EC)
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

Leverage Ratio
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

4.6%1
4.5%

Leverage Exposure
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

Total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC)
31.12.2024 (Risk Weighted Asset based)
31.12.2024 (Leverage Exposure based)
31.12.2023 (Risk Weighted Asset based)
31.12.2023 (Leverage Exposure based)

33.2%
9.0%
32.6%
9.2%

Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

131%
140%

€ 24.2 bn
€ 23.3 bn

€ 1,316 bn1
€ 1,240 bn

Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)
31.12.2024
37.5%
31.12.2023
35.2%

Stressed Net Liquidity Position (sNLP)
31.12.2024
31.12.2023
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
31.12.2024
31.12.2023

1

€ 357.4 bn1
€ 349.7 bn

€ 56.3 bn
€ 57.7 bn

121%
121%

Starting with the third quarter of 2024 Deutsche Bank adopted the temporary treatment of unrealized gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance
with Article 468 CRR; without application of this rule CET1 ratio would have been 13.5% with respective CET1 capital of € 48.4 billion and RWA of € 358.6 billion and in
addition, the leverage ratio would have been 4.6% with respective Tier1 capital of € 59.8 billion and leverage exposure of € 1,315 billion

Deutsche Bank regularly assesses the potential impacts of risks on its balance sheet and profitability through portfolio
reviews and stress tests. Stress tests are also used to test the resilience of Deutsche Bank’s strategic plans. The results of
these tests indicate that the currently available capital and liquidity reserves, in combination with available mitigation
measures, are sufficient to withstand periods of potential stress.
The Group concludes that the risks, as described above or in the following sections, to which Deutsche Bank is exposed to,
including potential impacts on its business strategy, provide a true and fair picture of its risk profile.
For further details please refer to sections “Risk profile”, “Risk appetite and capacity”, “Risk and capital plan”, “Stress
testing”, “Recovery and resolution planning”, “Risk and capital management”, “Capital, leverage ratio, TLAC and MREL”,
“Liquidity coverage ratio”, and “Stress testing and scenario analysis”.

62

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital overview
Risk profile

Risk profile
Deutsche Bank’s mix of business activities results in diverse risk taking. The Group measures key risks inherent to the
respective business models through the total economic capital metric, which captures the business division’s risk profile
and considers cross-risk effects at Group level.
Corporate Bank’s risk profile mainly arises from the products and services offered in Corporate Treasury Services (including
Trade Finance, Lending and Corporate Cash Management), Strategic Corporate Lending and Business Banking. Economic
capital demand in these segments arises largely from credit risk.
Investment Bank’s risk profile is dominated by its financing and trading activities, which give rise to all major risk types.
Credit risk in the Investment Bank is broadly distributed across business units but most prominent in Fixed Income &
Currencies and Leveraged Debt Capital Markets. Market risk arises mainly from trading and market making activities.
Private Bank’s risk profile comprises credit risks from business with German and international retail clients, business clients
and wealth management clients as well as non-trading market risks from modelling of client deposits and credit spread
risk.
Asset Management, as a fiduciary asset manager, invests money on behalf of clients. As such, the main risk drivers are nonfinancial. The economic capital demand for market risk is mainly driven by non-trading market risks, which arise from
guaranteed products and co-investments in the funds.
Corporate & Other’s risk profile embeds a range of different risk drivers including those pertaining to Treasury, certain
corporate items, and legacy portfolios. The economic capital demand mainly comprises of non-trading market risk from
interest rate risk in Treasury, structural foreign exchange risk, pension risk and equity compensation risk, credit risk from
Treasury’s investments, strategic risk from tax-related risks and software asset risks and operational risk from legacy
portfolios.
The table below shows Deutsche Bank’s overall risk position as measured by the economic capital demand calculated for
credit, market, operational and strategic risk for the dates specified. Deutsche Bank’s overall economic risk position also
considers diversification benefits across risk types.
Risk profile of Deutsche Bank’s business divisions as measured by economic capital
Dec 31, 2024
in € m. (unless
stated otherwise)

Credit risk
Market risk
Operational risk
Strategic risk
Diversification benefit¹
Total EC
Total EC in %
1

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

3,455
1,040
863
0
(715)
4,643
19

4,512
2,086
1,182
0
(1,007)
6,772
28

Private Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total

Total
(in %)

2,164
1,561
1,155
0
(803)
4,077
17

46
304
376
0
(190)
536
2

2,329
3,676
1,069
1,936
(814)
8,196
34

12,507
8,667
4,645
1,936
(3,530)
24,225
100

52
36
19
8
(15)
100
N/M

Corporate &
Other

Total

Total
(in %)

2,639
3,955
1,507
1,874
(1,009)
8,967
39

11,875
8,328
4,572
1,874
(3,385)
23,265
100

51
36
20
8
(15)
100
N/M

Diversification benefit across credit, market, operational and strategic risk
Dec 31, 2023

in € m. (unless
stated otherwise)

Credit risk
Market risk
Operational risk
Strategic risk
Diversification benefit¹
Total EC
Total EC in %
1

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private Bank

Asset
Management

2,612
801
445
0
(460)
3,399
15

4,395
2,009
1,729
0
(1,197)
6,936
30

2,182
1,346
613
0
(589)
3,551
15

48
217
278
0
(130)
413
2

Diversification benefit across credit, market, operational and strategic risk

As of December 31, 2024, Deutsche Bank’s economic capital demand amounted to € 24.2 billion, which was € 1.0 billion
or 4% higher than € 23.3 billion economic capital demand as of December 31, 2023. This was mainly driven by an increase
in economic capital demand for credit risk and market risk.
The economic capital demand for credit risk totaled to € 12.5 billion as of December 31, 2024, which was € 0.6 billion or
5% higher compared to year-end 2023. The increase was mainly driven by a change in composition of the Corporate Bank
loan portfolio.

63

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital overview
Key risk themes

The economic capital demand for market risk totaled to € 8.7 billion as of December 31, 2024, which was € 0.3 billion or
4% higher compared to year-end 2023. The increase was mainly driven by higher behavioral interest rate risk arising from
modelling assumptions in non-maturity deposit portfolios and increase in USD structural foreign exchange exposure,
partially offset by a decrease in interest rate risk exposure in Treasury.

Key risk themes
The latest developments and key uncertainties during 2024 are part of the bank’s ongoing credit risk management
activities and governance framework. These activities include, but are not limited to, regular emerging risk reviews
(amongst others Germany, Middle East) as well as portfolio deep dives, day to day risk management on the level of
individual borrowers, and regular model validations. Portfolios which have been identified for enhanced monitoring and
downside risk assessment for the Group in 2024 include CRE, Automotives and sectors or clients considered vulnerable to
Climate transition and physical risks.
CRE markets still face headwinds due to the impacts of higher interest rates, decreasing market liquidity combined with
tightened lending conditions, and structural changes in the office sector. In the current environment, the main risk for
Deutsche Bank’s CRE portfolio is related to refinancing and extension of maturing loans particularly in the U.S. where the
Group continues to proactively work with borrowers to address upcoming maturities to establish terms for loan
amendments and extensions.
The automotive industry faces a challenging economic environment in Europe including potential U.S. tariffs, in addition
to electric vehicle (EV) transition targets and competition from China. The difficult industry environment has limited impact
on Deutsche Bank’s automotive and supplier portfolio thus far with only moderate downward rating migrations observed
across small portfolio comprising 1.5 % of the Group’s loan book.
Climate transition and physical risks present growing risks to the bank’s sectoral and regional portfolios. Managing climate
transition and physical risks is a key component of Deutsche Bank’s risk management and wider sustainability strategy,
where 2024 materiality assessments and climate stress test results conclude that potential credit risk impacts are wellcontained in the short term.
Further details are provided in the section Focus areas in 2024.

64

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk management principles

Risk and capital framework
Risk management principles
Deutsche Bank’s business model inherently involves taking risks. Risks can be financial and non-financial and include on
and off-balance sheet risks. Deutsche Bank’s objective is to create sustainable value in the interests of the company taking
into consideration shareholders, employees and other company related stakeholders. The risk management framework
contributes to this by aligning planned and actual risk taking with risk appetite as expressed by the Management Board,
while being in line with available capital and liquidity.
Deutsche Bank’s risk management framework consists of various components, which include the established internal
control mechanisms. Principles and standards are set for each component:
– Organizational structures must follow the Three Lines of Defense (“3LoD”) model with a clear definition of roles and
responsibilities for all risk types
– The 1st Line of Defense (“1st LoD”) refers to those roles in the Bank whose activities generate risks, whether financial
or non-financial, and who own and are accountable for these risks. The 1st LoD manages these risks within the defined
risk appetite, establishes an appropriate risk governance and risk culture, and adheres to the risk type frameworks
defined by the 2nd Line of Defense (“2nd LoD”)
– The 2nd LoD refers to the roles in the Bank who define the risk management framework for a specific risk type. The
2nd LoD independently assesses and challenges the implementation of the risk type framework and adherence to
the risk appetite, and acts as an advisor to the 1st LoD on how to identify, assess and manage risks.
– The 3rd Line of Defense (“3rd LoD”) is Group Audit, which is accountable for providing independent and objective
assurance on the adequacy of the design, operating effectiveness and efficiency of the risk management system and
systems of internal control
– Every employee must act as a risk manager consistent with the bank’s risk appetite, risk management standards and
values
– The Management Board approved risk appetite must be cascaded and adhered to across all dimensions of the Group,
with appropriate consequences in the event of a breach
– Risks must be identified and assessed
– Risks must be actively managed including appropriate risk mitigation and effective internal control systems
– Risks must be measured and reported using accurate, complete and timely data using approved models
– Regular stress tests must be performed against adverse scenarios and appropriate crisis response planning must be
established
The Group promotes a strong risk culture where every employee must fully understand and take a holistic view of the risks
which could result from their actions, understand the consequences and manage them appropriately against the risk
appetite of the bank. The bank expects employees to exhibit behaviors that support a strong risk culture in line with the
bank’s Code of Conduct. To promote this, Deutsche Bank’s policies require that risks taken (including against risk appetite)
must be taken into account during the bank’s performance assessment and compensation processes. This expectation
continues to be reinforced through communications campaigns and mandatory training courses for all DB employees. In
addition, Management Board members and senior management frequently communicate the importance of a strong risk
culture to support a consistent tone from the top.
Deutsche Bank’s risk management and internal control system is described in more detail in Deutsche Bank’s Pillar 3 report
(specifically in the section “Risk management objectives and policies, Enterprise Risk”). The risk management and internal
control system also covers sustainability-related objectives (as outlined in the “Sustainability Statement”).
The Management Board is of the opinion that a risk management framework and internal control system has been
established which is, in its entirety, appropriate and effective for the bank’s business model and risk profile.

65

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk governance

Risk governance
Deutsche Bank’s operations throughout the world are regulated and supervised by relevant authorities in each of the
jurisdictions in which the bank conducts business. Such regulation focuses on licensing, capital adequacy, liquidity, risk
concentration, conduct of business as well as organizational and reporting requirements. The European Central Bank (ECB)
in connection with the competent authorities of EU countries which joined the Single Supervisory Mechanism via the Joint
Supervisory Team act in cooperation as Deutsche Bank’s primary supervisors to monitor the bank’s compliance with the
German Banking Act and other applicable laws and regulations.
Several layers of management provide cohesive risk governance:
– Deutsche Bank’s Supervisory Board is informed regularly on the risk situation, risk management and risk controlling,
including reputational risk related items as well as material litigation cases; it has formed various committees to handle
specific topics (for a detailed description of these committees, please see the “Report of the Supervisory Board”, as well
as chapter “Supervisory Board” in the “Corporate Governance Statement according to Sec. 289f and 315d of the
German Commercial Code”)
– At the meetings of the Risk Committee, the Management Board reports on current and forward-looking risk
exposures, portfolios, on risk appetite and strategy and on matters deemed relevant for the assessment and oversight
of the risk situation of Deutsche Bank AG; it also reports on loans requiring a Supervisory Board resolution pursuant
to law or the Articles of Association; the Risk Committee advises on issues related to the overall risk appetite,
aggregate risk position and the risk strategy and keeps the Supervisory Board informed of its activities
– The Regulatory Oversight Committee, among other responsibilities, monitors the Management Board’s measures
that promote the company’s compliance with legal requirements, authorities’ regulations and the company’s own
policies; it also reviews the bank’s codes of conduct and ethics as well as its policy framework, and, upon request,
supports the Risk Committee in monitoring and analyzing the bank’s legal and reputational risks; the Management
Board informs the committee about contacts with regulators with a significant relevance for the business activity
– The Audit Committee, among other matters, supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the effectiveness of the
risk management system, particularly the internal control system and the internal audit system, as well as the
Management Board’s remediation of deficiencies identified
– The Management Board is responsible for managing Deutsche Bank Group in accordance with the law, the Articles of
Association and its Terms of Reference with the objective of creating sustainable value in the interest of the company,
thus taking into consideration the interests of the shareholders, employees and other company related stakeholders;
the Management Board is responsible for ensuring a proper business organization, encompassing appropriate and
effective risk management, as well as compliance with legal requirements and internal guidelines; the Management
Board established the Group Risk Committee as the central forum for review and decision on material risk and capitalrelated topics; the Group Risk Committee is described in more detail below

66

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk governance

Risk management governance structure of the Deutsche Bank Group
Supervisory Board

Audit Committee

Risk Committee

Regulatory Oversight
Committee

Monitors the effectiveness of the risk
management system, particularly of the
internal control system and the internal
audit system

Advises on overall risk appetite and
risk strategy and monitors strategy
implementation by the management.
Discusses the risk strategy, key risk
topics and portfolios

Monitors compliance with legal
requirements, authorities‘ regulations and
in-house policies, and reviews the bank’s
codes of conduct and ethics and its policy
framework

Management Board

Overall Risk and Capital Management Supervision

Group Asset & Liability
Committee

Group Risk Committee

Group Reputational Risk
Committee

Financial Resource
Management Council

Optimizes the sourcing and
deployment of the bank's
balance sheet and financial
resources, within the overarching
risk appetite

Evaluates and classifies risks, sets
rules for risk management, risk
appetite planning & steering and
monitors risks

Reviews, decides and manages
transactions, client
relationships or other primary
reputational risk matters

Supports the decision-making in
a period of anticipated or actual
capital or liquidity stress as a
forum to discuss and recommend
mitigating actions

The following functional committees are central to the management of risk at Deutsche Bank:
– The Group Risk Committee has various duties and dedicated authority, including approval of new or changed material
risk and capital models and review of the inventory of risks, high-level risk portfolios, risk exposure developments, and
internal and regulatory Group-wide stress testing results; in addition, the Group Risk Committee reviews and
recommends items for Management Board approval, such as key risk management principles, the Group risk appetite
statement, the Group recovery plan and the contingency funding plan, over-arching risk appetite parameters, and
recovery and escalation indicators; the Group Risk Committee also supports the Management Board during Group-wide
risk and capital planning processes
– The Group Reputational Risk Committee has the responsibility to review, decide and manage all transactions, client
relationships or other primary reputational risk matters escalated in line with the underlying reputational risk policies
and framework, including from the Regional Reputational Risk Committees
– The Financial Resource Management Council is an ad-hoc governance body, chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and
the Chief Risk Officer, with delegated authority from the Management Board, to oversee financial crisis management at
the bank; the Financial Resource Management Council provides a single forum to oversee execution of both the
contingency funding plan and the Group recovery plan; the council recommends upon mitigating actions to be taken
in a time of anticipated or actual capital or liquidity stress; specifically, the Financial Resource Management Council is
tasked with analyzing the bank’s capital and liquidity position, in anticipation of a stress scenario recommending
proposals for capital and liquidity related matters and overseeing the execution of decisions
– The Group Asset & Liability Committee has been established by the Management Board with the mandate to optimize
the sourcing and deployment of the bank’s balance sheet and financial resources within the overarching risk appetite
set by the Management Board
Deutsche Bank’s Chief Risk Officer, who is a member of the Management Board, has Group-wide, supra-divisional
responsibility for establishing a risk management framework with appropriate identification, measurement, monitoring,
mitigation and reporting of liquidity, credit, market, enterprise, model and non-financial risks (including operational and
reputational); however, frameworks for certain risks are established by other functions as per the business allocation plan.
The Chief Risk Officer has direct management responsibility for the Chief Risk Office function. Risk management and
control duties in the Chief Risk Office function are generally assigned to specialized risk management units focusing on
the management of
– Specific risk types
– Risks within a specific business
– Risks in a specific region.

67

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk appetite and capacity

These specialized risk management units generally handle the following core tasks:
– Foster consistency with the risk appetite set by the Management Board and applied to business divisions and their
business units
– Determine and implement risk and capital management policies, procedures and methodologies that are appropriate
to the businesses within each division
– Establish and approve risk limits
– Conduct periodic portfolio reviews to keep the portfolio of risks within acceptable parameters
– Develop and implement risk and capital management infrastructures and systems that are appropriate for each division
Chief Risk Officers for each business division as well as each region, having a holistic view of the respective business,
challenge and influence the divisional and regional strategies, risk awareness and ownership as well as their adherence to
risk appetite.
While operating independently from each other and the business divisions, the Finance and Risk functions have the joint
responsibility to quantify and verify the risk that the bank assumes.

Risk appetite and capacity
Risk appetite expresses the aggregate level and types of risk that Deutsche Bank is willing to assume to achieve strategic
objectives, as defined by a set of quantitative metrics and qualitative statements. Risk capacity is defined as the maximum
level of risk that can be assumed given Deutsche Bank’s capital and liquidity base, risk management and control
capabilities, and regulatory constraints.
Risk appetite is an integral element in business planning processes via risk strategy and plan, to promote the appropriate
alignment of risk, capital and performance targets, while at the same time considering risk capacity, risk-return and
appetite constraints from both financial and non-financial risks. Compliance of the plan with risk appetite and capacity is
also tested under stressed market conditions. Top-down risk appetite serves as the limit for risk-taking for the bottom-up
planning from the business functions.
The Management Board reviews and approves risk appetite and capacity on an annual basis, or more frequently in the
event of unexpected changes to the risk environment, with the aim of ensuring that they are consistent with the Group’s
strategy, business and regulatory environment and stakeholders’ requirements.
In order to determine risk appetite and capacity, different group level triggers and thresholds on a forward-looking basis
are set and the escalation requirements for further action are defined. Deutsche Bank assigns risk metrics that are sensitive
to the material risks to which Deutsche Bank is exposed and which function as indicators of financial health. In addition to
that, the risk and recovery management framework is linked with the risk appetite framework.
Reports relating to risk profile as compared to Deutsche Bank’s risk appetite and strategy and the monitoring thereof are
presented regularly up to the Management Board. In the event that desired risk appetite is breached, a predefined
escalation governance matrix is applied so these breaches are highlighted to the appropriate governance bodies.

68

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk and capital plan

Risk and capital plan
Strategic and capital plan
Deutsche Bank conducts annually an integrated strategic planning process which lays out the development of the future
strategic direction for the Group and for the business areas. The strategic plan aims to create a holistic perspective on
capital, funding, and risk under risk-return considerations. This process translates long-term strategic targets into
measurable short- to medium-term financial targets and enables intra-year performance monitoring and management.
Thereby the Group aims to identify growth options by considering the risks involved and the allocation of available capital
resources to drive sustainable performance. Risk-specific portfolio strategies complement this framework and allow for an
in-depth implementation of the risk strategy on portfolio level, addressing risk specifics including risk concentrations.
The strategic planning process consists of two phases: a top-down target setting and a bottom-up substantiation.
In a first phase – the top-down target setting – Deutsche Bank’s key targets for profit and loss (including revenues and
costs), capital supply, capital demand as well as leverage, funding and liquidity are defined and discussed for the group
and the key business areas. In this process step, the targets for the next five years are based on the global macro-economic
outlook and the expected regulatory framework. Subsequently, the targets are challenged and approved by the
Management Board.
In a second phase, the top-down targets are substantiated bottom-up by detailed business unit plans, which consist of a
month by month operative plan for year one; years two and three are planned per quarter and years four and five are annual
plans. The proposed bottom-up plans are reviewed and challenged by Finance and Risk and are discussed individually with
the respective business heads. Thereby, the specifics of the business are considered, and concrete targets agreed in line
with the bank’s strategic direction. The bottom-up phase includes the preparation of plans for key legal entities to review
local risk and capitalization levels. Stress tests complement the strategic plan to consider the resilience of the plan against
adverse market conditions.
The resulting Strategic and Capital Plan is presented to the Management Board for discussion and approval. The final plan
is furthermore presented to the Supervisory Board.
The Strategic and Capital Plan is designed to support the Groups’ vision of being a leading German bank with strong
European roots and a global network and aims to ensure:
–
–
–
–
–

Balanced risk adjusted performance across business areas and units
High risk management standards with focus on risk concentrations
Compliance with regulatory requirements
Strong capital and liquidity position
Stable funding and liquidity strategy allowing for business planning within the liquidity risk appetite and regulatory
requirements

The Strategic and Capital Planning process allows to:
– set earnings and key risk and capital adequacy targets considering the bank’s strategic focus and business plans
– assess the capital adequacy with regard to internal and external requirements (i.e., economic capital and regulatory
capital)
– apply appropriate stress test analyses to assess the impact on capital demand, capital supply and liquidity
All externally communicated financial targets are monitored on an ongoing basis in appropriate management committees.
Any projected shortfall versus targets is discussed together with potential mitigating strategies with the aim to ensure that
the Group remains on track to achieve the targets. Amendments to the strategic and capital plan must be approved by the
Management Board. Achieving the externally communicated solvency targets ensures that the Group also complies with
the solvency ratio related Group Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) requirements as articulated by the
home supervisor.

69

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Stress testing

Internal capital adequacy assessment process
Deutsche Bank’s internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP) consists of several well-established components
which ensure that Deutsche Bank maintains sufficient capital to cover the risks to which the bank is exposed on an ongoing
basis:
– Risk identification and assessment: The risk identification process forms the basis of the ICAAP and results in an
inventory of risks for the Group; all risks identified are assessed for their materiality; further details can be found in
section “Risk identification and assessment”
– Capital demand/risk measurement: Risk measurement models are applied to quantify the regulatory and economic
capital demand which is required to cover all material risks except for those which cannot be adequately limited by
capital e.g. liquidity risk; further details can be found in sections “Risk profile” and “Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and
MREL”
– Capital supply: Capital supply quantification refers to the definition of available capital resources to absorb unexpected
losses; further details can be found in sections “Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL” and “Economic Capital
Adequacy”
– Risk appetite: Deutsche Bank has established a set of qualitative statements, quantitative metrics and thresholds which
express the level of risk that Deutsche Bank is willing to assume to achieve strategic objectives; threshold breaches are
subject to a dedicated governance framework triggering management actions aimed to safeguard capital adequacy;
further details can be found in sections “Risk appetite and capacity” and “Key risk metrics”
– Capital planning: The risk appetite thresholds for capital adequacy metrics constitute boundaries which have to be met
in the capital plan to safeguard capital adequacy on a forward-looking basis; further details can be found in section
“Strategic and capital plan”
– Stress testing: Capital plan figures are also considered under various stress test scenarios to prove resilience and overall
viability of the bank; regulatory and economic capital adequacy metrics are also subject to regular stress tests
throughout the year to constantly evaluate Deutsche Bank’s capital position in hypothetical stress scenarios and to
detect vulnerabilities under stress; further details can be found in section “Stress testing”
– Capital adequacy assessment: Although capital adequacy is constantly monitored throughout the year, the ICAAP
concludes with a dedicated annual capital adequacy statement (CAS); the assessment consists of a Management Board
statement about Deutsche Bank’s capital adequacy, which is linked to specific conclusions and management actions to
be taken to safeguard capital adequacy on a forward-looking basis
As part of its ICAAP, Deutsche Bank distinguishes between a normative and economic internal perspective. The normative
internal perspective refers to a multi-year assessment of the ability to fulfil all capital-related legal requirements and
supervisory demands. The economic internal perspective refers to an internal process using internal economic capital
demand models and an internal economic capital supply definition. Both perspectives focus on maintaining the continuity
of Deutsche Bank on an ongoing basis under a baseline and adverse scenario.

Stress testing
Deutsche Bank has implemented a stress test framework to satisfy internal as well as external stress test requirements.
The internal stress tests are based on in-house developed methods and inform a variety of risk management use cases (risk
type specific as well as cross risk). Internal stress tests form an integral part of Deutsche Bank’s risk management
framework complementing traditional risk measures. The cross-risk stress test framework, the Group Wide Stress Test
Framework (GWST), serves a variety of bank management processes, in particular the strategic planning process, the
ICAAP, the risk appetite framework and tangible equity allocation to business units. Capital plan stress testing is performed
to assess the viability of the bank’s capital plan in adverse circumstances and to demonstrate a clear link between risk
appetite, business strategy, capital plan and stress testing. The regulatory stress tests, e.g. the EBA stress test and the USbased CCAR (Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review) stress tests, are strictly following the processes and
methodologies as prescribed by the regulatory authorities.
Deutsche Bank’s internal stress tests are performed on a regular basis in order to assess the impact of severe economic
downturns as well as adverse bank-specific events on the bank’s risk profile and financial position. The bank’s stress testing
framework comprises regular sensitivity-based and scenario-based approaches addressing different severities and
regional hotspots. All material risk types are included in the stress testing activities. These activities are complemented by
portfolio- and country-specific downside analysis as well as further regulatory requirements, such as annual reverse stress
tests and additional stress tests requested by regulators on group or legal entity level. The applied methodologies undergo
regular scrutiny from Deutsche Bank’s internal validation team (Model Risk Management) to ensure they correctly capture
the impact of a given stress scenario. In addition, the group wide stress framework is subject to regular reviews by Deutsche
Bank’s group audit function.

70

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk measurement and reporting systems

The initial phase of Deutsche Bank’s cross-risk stress test consists of defining a macroeconomic downturn scenario by ERM
Risk Research in cooperation with business specialists through a formal governance forum, the Scenario Design Working
Group. ERM Risk Research monitors the political and economic developments around the world and maintains a macroeconomic heat map that identifies potentially harmful scenarios. Based on quantitative models and expert judgments,
economic parameters such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates, GDP growth or unemployment rates are set
accordingly and define the narrative under which the bank’s solvency position is assessed. The scenario parameters are
translated into specific risk drivers by subject matter experts in the risk units. Based on the bank’s internal model framework
for stress testing, the following major metrics are calculated under stress: risk-weighted assets, impacts on profit and loss
and economic capital by risk type. These results are aggregated at the Group level, and key metrics such as the CET 1 ratio,
Total Capital ratio, Economic Capital Adequacy ratio, MREL ratio and Leverage Ratio under stress are derived. Stress
impacts on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and other Liquidity indicators are also considered. The time-horizon of
internal stress tests is between one and five years, depending on the use case and scenario assumptions. The Stress Test
Working Group (STWG) reviews the final stress results followed by selected presentations to the Enterprise Risk Committee
(ERC). After comparing these results against the bank’s defined risk appetite, a specific mitigation strategy may be
developed and applied to remediate the stress impacts in case of risk appetite threshold breaches. The stress results also
feed into the recovery planning which is crucial for the recoverability of the bank in times of crisis. The outcome is
presented to senior management up to the Management Board to raise awareness on the highest level as it provides key
insights into specific business vulnerabilities and contributes to the overall risk profile assessment of the bank.
The group wide stress tests performed in 2024 indicated that the bank’s capitalization together with available mitigation
measures as defined in the Group Recovery Plan is adequate to reach the internally set stress exit levels.
The cross-risk reverse stress test leverages the GWST framework and is typically performed annually in order to challenge
Deutsche Bank’s business model by determining scenarios which would cause the bank to become unviable. Such a reverse
stress test is based on a hypothetical macroeconomic scenario enriched by idiosyncratic events based on the top risks
monitored by each risk type. Comparing the non-viability scenario to the current economic environment, the probability
of occurrence of such a hypothetical stress scenario is considered to be extremely low. Given this, it is the bank’s view that
its business continuity is not at risk.
In 2024, the bank has performed multi-year stress tests as part of the annual strategic planning process for 2024 using
two adverse heatmap scenarios, namely a “EU led hard landing scenario” and a “Upside rates and inflation shock” scenario.
In addition to the GWST that includes all material risk types and major revenue streams, Deutsche Bank has individual
stress test programs in place for all relevant risk metrics in line with regulatory requirements. The relevant stress test
programs are described in the sections about the individual risk management methods.
Deutsche Bank’s core U.S. subsidiary, DB USA Corporation, also took part in a major regulatory stress test in 2024 i.e. the
US-based CCAR stress test, as implemented pursuant to the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act. In the CCAR stress test, the Federal
Reserve (FRB) disclosed the stress capital depletion for DB USA Corporation and DWS USA Corporation; the outcome of
which showed that each entity remains very well-capitalized even after withstanding a hypothetical severe stress
environment.
In 2024, the bank has continued to enhance its internal climate stress testing capabilities, extending its framework to
include physical risk and long-term transition risk scenarios across global portfolios. In addition, all relevant risk types with
material climate risk exposure are now covered. The results of the stress test are integrated into relevant processes,
including risk appetite, business planning and ICAAP.

Risk measurement and reporting systems
Overview
Deutsche Bank’s risk measurement systems support regulatory reporting and external disclosures, as well as internal
management reporting across all risk types. The risk infrastructure incorporates the relevant legal entities and business
divisions and provides the basis for reporting on risk positions, capital adequacy and limit, threshold, or target utilization
to the relevant functions on a regular and ad-hoc basis. Established units within the CFO and CRO function assume
responsibility for measurement, analysis and reporting of risk while promoting sufficient quality and integrity of risk-related
data and consider, where relevant, the principles for effective risk data aggregation and risk reporting as per the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision's regulation number 239 (“BCBS 239”). The Group’s risk management systems are
reviewed by Group Audit following a risk-based audit approach.

71

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Risk measurement and reporting systems

Deutsche Bank’s reporting is an integral part of Deutsche Bank’s risk management framework and as such aligns with the
organizational setup by delivering consistent information on Group level and for material legal entities as well as
breakdowns by risk types, business division and material business units.
The following principles guide Deutsche Bank’s “risk measurement and reporting” practices:
– Deutsche Bank monitors risks taken against risk appetite on various levels across the Group, e.g. Group, business
divisions, material business units, material legal entities, risk types, material asset classes, portfolio and counterparty
levels
– Risk reporting is required to be accurate, clear, useful and complete and must convey reconciled and validated risk data
to communicate information in a concise manner to ensure, across material Financial and Non-Financial Risks, the bank’s
risk profile is clearly understood
– Senior risk committees, such as the Enterprise Risk Committee and the Group Risk Committee, as well as the
Management Board who are responsible for risk and capital management receive regular reporting (as well as ad-hoc
reporting as required)
– Dedicated teams within Deutsche Bank proactively manage material Financial and Non-Financial Risks and must ensure
that required management information is in place to enable proactive identification and management of risks and avoid
undue concentrations within a specific Risk Type and across risks (Cross-Risk view)
In applying the previously mentioned principles, Deutsche Bank maintains a common basis for all risk reports and aims to
minimize segregated reporting efforts to allow Deutsche Bank to provide consistent information, which only differs by
granularity and audience focus.

Key risk metrics
The Bank identifies a large number of metrics within its risk measurement systems which support regulatory reporting and
external disclosures, as well as internal management reporting across risks and for material risk types. Deutsche Bank
designates a subset of those as “Key Risk Metrics” that represent the most critical ones for which the Bank places an
appetite, limit, threshold or target at Group level and/or are reported routinely to senior management for discussion or
decision making. The identified Key Risk Metrics include Capital Adequacy and Liquidity metrics; further details can be
found in the section “Key risk metrics”.

Key risk reports
While a large number of reports are used across the Bank, Deutsche Bank designates a subset of these as “Key Risk Reports”
that are critical to support Deutsche Bank’s Risk Management Framework through the provision of risk information to
senior management and therefore enable the relevant governing bodies to monitor, steer and control the Bank’s risk taking
activities effectively. To ensure that Key Risk Reports meet recipients’ requirements, report producing functions regularly
check whether the Key Risk Reports are clear and useful.
The main reports on risk and capital management that are used to provide Deutsche Bank’s central governance bodies
with information relating to the Group risk profile are the following:
– The monthly Risk and Capital Profile report is a Cross-Risk report, provides a comprehensive view of Deutsche Bank’s
risk profile and is used to inform the ERC, the Group Risk Committee as well as the Management Board and subsequently
the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board; the Risk and Capital Profile includes Risk Type specific and BusinessAligned overviews and Enterprise-wide risk topics; it also includes updates on Key Group Risk Appetite Metrics and
other Key Portfolio Risk Type Control Metrics as well as updates on Key Risk Developments, highlighting areas of
particular interest with updates on corresponding risk management strategies
– The Weekly Risk Report is a weekly briefing covering high-level topical issues across key risk areas and is submitted
every Friday to the Members of the Enterprise Risk Committee, the Group Risk Committee and the Management Board
and subsequently to the Members of the Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board; the Weekly Risk Report is
characterized by the ad-hoc nature of its commentary as well as coverage of themes and focuses on more volatile risk
metrics
– Deutsche Bank runs several Group-wide macroeconomic stress tests. A monthly Risk Appetite scenario serves the
purpose to set and regularly monitor the bank’s stress loss appetite; in addition, there are topical scenarios which are
reported to and discussed in the Enterprise Risk Committee and escalated to the Group Risk Committee if deemed
necessary; the stressed key performance indicators are benchmarked against the Group Risk Appetite thresholds
While the above reports are used at a Group level to monitor and review the risk profile of Deutsche Bank holistically, there
are other, supplementing standard and ad-hoc management reports, including for Risk Types or Focus Portfolios, which
are used to monitor and control the risk profile.

72

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital framework
Recovery and resolution planning

Recovery and resolution planning
In the EU, the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (SRM Regulation) and the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive
(BRRD) aim at reducing the likelihood of another financial crisis, enhance the resilience of institutions under stress, and
eventually support the long-term stability of the financial systems without exposing taxpayers’ money to losses.
In line with the provisions of the SRM Regulation and the BRRD (which were mainly implemented in Germany by the
German Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz, SAG)), Deutsche Bank maintains a recovery
and resolution planning framework designed to identify and manage the impact of adverse events in a timely and
coordinated manner.
The bank maintains a group recovery plan specifying measures to restore the financial position following a significant
deterioration of its financial situation. The group recovery plan is updated at least annually and approved by the
Management Board.
The group resolution plan on the other hand is prepared by the resolution authorities, rather than by the bank itself.
Deutsche Bank works closely with the Single Resolution Board and the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht
(BaFin) who establish the group resolution plan for Deutsche Bank, which is currently based on a single point of entry open
bank bail-in as the preferred resolution strategy. Under the single point of entry bail-in strategy, the parent entity Deutsche
Bank AG would be recapitalized through a write-down and/or conversion to equity of capital instruments (Common Equity
Tier 1, Additional Tier 1, Tier 2) and other eligible liabilities in order to stabilize the group. Within one month after the
application of the bail-in tool to recapitalize an institution, the BRRD (as implemented in the SAG) requires such institution
to prepare a business reorganization plan, addressing the causes of failure and aiming to restore the institution's long-term
viability. To further support and improve operational continuity of the bank for resolution planning purposes, Deutsche
Bank has completed additional preparations, such as adding termination stay clauses into client financial agreements
governed by non-EU law and including continuity provisions into key service agreements. Financial contracts and service
agreements governed by EU law are already covered by statutory laws which prevent termination solely due to any
resolution measure.
The BRRD requires banks in EU member states to maintain minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities to
make resolution credible by establishing sufficient loss absorption and recapitalization capacity. Apart from MRELrequirements, Deutsche Bank, as a global systemically important bank, is subject to global minimum standards for Total
Loss-Absorbing Capacity, which set out strict requirements for the amount and eligibility of instruments to be maintained
for bail-in purposes. In particular, TLAC instruments must be subordinated (including so-called senior non-preferred debt,
but also in the form of regulatory capital instruments) to other senior liabilities. This ensures that a bail-in would be applied
first to equity and TLAC instruments, which must be exhausted before a bail-in may affect other senior (preferred) liabilities
such as senior preferred plain vanilla bonds, debt instruments that are structured, deposits and derivatives.
In the United States, Deutsche Bank AG is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act), as amended, to prepare and submit to the Federal Reserve Board and the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) either a full or targeted resolution plan (the U.S. Resolution Plan) on a
timeline prescribed by such agencies. The U.S. Resolution Plan must demonstrate that the Deutsche Bank AG has the
ability to execute and implement a strategy for the orderly resolution of its designated U.S. material entities and
operations. For foreign-based companies subject to these resolution planning requirements such as Deutsche Bank AG,
the U.S. Resolution Plan relates only to subsidiaries, branches, agencies and businesses that are domiciled in or whose
activities are carried out in whole or in material part in the United States. Deutsche Bank’s U.S. Resolution Plan describes
the single point of entry strategy for Deutsche Bank’s U.S. material entities and operations and prescribes that DB USA
Corporation, one of the bank’s intermediate holding companies, would provide liquidity and capital support to its U.S.
material entity subsidiaries and ensure their solvent wind-down outside of applicable resolution proceedings.
Deutsche Bank filed its first ‘targeted’ U.S. Resolution Plan on December 17, 2021, which described the core elements of
Deutsche Bank’s U.S. resolution strategy, such as capital, liquidity, and recapitalization strategies, as well as how Deutsche
Bank has integrated lessons learned from its response to the COVID-19 pandemic into its resolution planning process. On
December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and the FDIC (Agencies) announced the results of their review of
Deutsche Bank’s 2021 U.S. Resolution Plan, as well as those of other banks, and did not find any shortcomings or
deficiencies in Deutsche Bank’s plan. In their feedback letter to Deutsche Bank, the Agencies noted areas where further
progress will help improve resolvability. Joint guidance was finalized in July 2024 by the FDIC and August 2024 by the FRB
that amended resolution planning requirements for certain foreign filers, including Deutsche Bank, and extended the
resolution plan submission deadline to October 1 2025. Deutsche Bank intends to address the noted areas of improvement
from the feedback letter and updated guidance as part of the U.S. Resolution Plan submission.

73

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Resource limit setting

Risk and Capital Management
Capital management
Deutsche Bank’s Treasury function manages solvency, capital adequacy, leverage, and bail-in capacity ratios at Group
level and locally in each region, as applicable. Treasury implements Deutsche Bank’s capital strategy, which itself is
developed by the Group Risk Committee and approved by the Management Board. Treasury, directly or through the Group
Asset and Liability Committee, manages, among other things, issuance and repurchase of shares and capital instruments,
hedging of capital ratios against foreign exchange swings, setting capacities for key financial resources, the design of
shareholders’ equity allocation, and regional capital planning. The bank is fully committed to maintaining Deutsche Bank’s
sound capitalization both from an economic and regulatory perspective considering both book equity based on IFRS
accounting standards, regulatory and economic capital as well as specific capital requirements from rating agencies. The
bank continuously monitors and adjusts Deutsche Bank’s overall capital demand and supply to always achieve an
appropriate balance.
Treasury manages the issuance and repurchase of capital instruments, namely Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1
and Tier 2 capital instruments as well as TLAC/MREL eligible debt instruments. Treasury constantly monitors the market
for liability management trades. Such trades represent a countercyclical opportunity to create Common Equity Tier 1
capital by buying back Deutsche Bank’s issuances below par.
Treasury manages the sensitivity of Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 ratio and capital towards swings in foreign currency exchange
rates against the euro. For this purpose, Treasury develops and executes suitable hedging strategies within the constraints
of a Management Board approved Risk Appetite. Capital invested into Deutsche Bank’s foreign subsidiaries and branches
is either not hedged, partially hedged or fully hedged. Thereby, Treasury aims to balance effects from foreign exchange
rate movements on capital, capital deduction items and risk weighted assets in foreign currency. In addition, Treasury also
accounts for associated hedge cost and implications on market risk weighted assets.

Resource limit setting
Usage of key financial resources is influenced through the following governance processes and incentives.
Target resource capacities are reviewed in Deutsche Bank’s annual strategic plan in line with Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 and
Leverage Ratio ambitions. As a part of Deutsche Bank’s quarterly process, the Group Asset and Liability Committee
approves divisional resource limits for total capital demand (defined as the sum of RWA and certain RWA equivalents of
Capital Deduction Items and certain RWA equivalents of Capital Buffer Requirements items) and leverage exposure that
are based on the strategic plan but adjusted for market conditions and the short-term outlook. Limits are enforced through
a close monitoring process and an excess charging mechanism.
Overall regulatory capital requirements are principally driven by either Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 ratio (solvency) or leverage
ratio (leverage) requirements, whichever is the more binding constraint. For the internal capital allocation, the combined
contribution of each segment to the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, the Group’s Leverage ratio and the Group’s
Capital Loss under Stress are weighted to reflect their relative importance and level of constraint to the Group.
Contributions to the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and the Leverage ratio are measured through RWA and Leverage Ratio
Exposure (LRE). The Group’s Capital Loss under Stress is a measure of the Group’s overall economic risk exposure under a
defined stress scenario. Goodwill, other intangible assets, and business-related regulatory capital deduction items
included in total capital demand are directly allocated to the respective segments, supporting the calculation of the
allocated tangible shareholders equity and the respective rate of return.
Most of Deutsche Bank’s subsidiaries and several of Deutsche Bank’s branches are subject to legal and regulatory capital
requirements. In developing, implementing, and testing Deutsche Bank’s capital and liquidity position, the bank fully takes
such legal and regulatory requirements into account. Any material capital requests of Deutsche Bank’s branches and
subsidiaries across the globe are presented to and approved by the Group Investment Committee prior to execution.
Further, Treasury is a member of Deutsche Bank’s Pensions Committee and represented in relevant Investment
Committees overseeing the management of the assets of the largest Deutsche Bank pension funds in Germany. These
investment committees set the investment strategy for these funds in line with the bank’s investment objective to protect
the capital base and distribution capacity of the bank.

74

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Risk identification and assessment
Risks to Deutsche Bank’s businesses and infrastructure functions, including under stressed conditions, are regularly
identified. This assessment incorporates input from both first and second line of defense, with the identified risks assessed
for materiality based on their severity and likelihood of materialization. The assessment of risks is complemented by a view
on emerging risks applying a forward-looking perspective. This risk identification and assessment process results in the risk
inventory which captures the material risks for the Group, and where relevant, across businesses, entities and branches.
Regular updates to the Group risk inventory are reported to the Enterprise Risk Committee for review and approval. The
inventory is also discussed in the Group Risk Committee and reported to the Management Board. The inventory informs
key risk management processes, including the development of stress scenarios tailored to Deutsche Bank’s risk profile and
informing risk appetite setting and monitoring. Risks in the inventory are also mapped to risks in the Group risk type
taxonomy, where a corresponding materiality assessment is also provided.

Credit Risk Management
Credit risk framework
Credit risk arises from all transactions where actual, contingent or potential claims against any counterparty, borrower,
obligor or issuer (which Deutsche Bank refers to collectively as “counterparties”) exist, including those claims that
Deutsche Bank plans to distribute. It captures the risk of loss because of a deterioration of a counterparty’s
creditworthiness or the failure of a counterparty to meet the terms of any contract with Deutsche Bank or otherwise
perform as agreed.
Based on the Risk Type Taxonomy, credit risk is grouped into four material categories, namely default/migration risk,
transaction/settlement risk (exposure risk), mitigation risk and concentration risk. This is complemented by a regular risk
identification and materiality assessment.
– Default/migration risk as the main element of credit risk, is the risk that a counterparty defaults on its payment
obligations or experiences material credit quality deterioration increasing the likelihood of a default
– Transaction/settlement risk is the risk that arises from any existing, contingent or potential future positive exposure
– Mitigation risk is the risk of higher losses due to risk mitigation measures not performing as anticipated
– Credit concentration risk is the risk of an adverse development in a specific single counterparty, country, industry or
product leading to a disproportionate deterioration in the risk profile of Deutsche Bank’s credit exposures to that
counterparty, country, industry or product
Deutsche Bank manages its credit risk using the following philosophy and principles:
– Credit Risk is only accepted:
– for adopted clients
– after completed appropriate due diligence led by the respective origination teams as 1st LoD
– New products and changes to existing products have to be assessed within DB Group’s new product approval (NPA)
framework
– If a rating has been assigned in line with agreed and approved processes
– If all credit relevant exposures are correctly reflected in the relevant risk systems
– If plans for an orderly termination of the risk positions have been considered
– Credit Risk is assumed within the applicable Risk Appetite
– P&L responsibility for credit exposures is owned by the originating Group Division
– Risk taken needs to be adequately compensated
– Risk must be continuously monitored and managed across 1st and 2nd LoD
– Credit standards are applied consistently across all Group Divisions in order to maintain a favorable risk profile in line
with the Risk Appetite
– Collateral or other risk mitigating, hedging or rating transfer instruments, which can be an alternative source of
repayment do not substitute for underwriting standards and a thorough assessment of the debt service ability of a
counterparty has to be performed during the credit process
– Deutsche Bank strives to adequately secure, guarantee or hedge outright cash risk and longer tenor-exposures; this
approach does usually not include lower risk short-term transactions and facilities supporting specific trade finance or
other lower risk products where the margin allows for adequate loss coverage
– Deutsche Bank measures and consolidates globally all exposure and facilities to the same Obligor.

75

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

– Deutsche Bank has established within Credit Risk Management – where appropriate – specialized teams for deriving
internal client ratings, analyzing and approving transactions or covering workout clients; for transaction approval
purposes, structured credit risk management teams are aligned to the respective products or specific risks to ascertain
adequate product expertise
– Where required, Deutsche Bank has established processes to manage credit exposures at a legal entity or regional level
To meet the requirements of Article 190 CRR, Deutsche Bank has allocated the various control requirements for the credit
processes to units best suited to perform such controls
Climate and environmental risks are integrated across the different stages of the credit lifecycle including transaction
approval/client onboarding, risk classification and credit ratings, portfolio analysis and monitoring and, collateral valuation.
Climate and environmental risks are incorporated into the credit approval process for corporate clients via enhanced due
diligence requirements. New loan requests (defined as increments, renewals/tenor extensions) above selected tenor and
rating-based thresholds to corporate clients in high-carbon intensive sectors as well as those in sectors vulnerable to
climate-physical and nature (or “other environmental”) risks require dedicated climate risk assessment from the front office
and review by Credit Risk Management. More information on additional controls and processes around the appetite and
management of environmental risks in the bank’s lending portfolio are reported in the following sections of this chapter.

Measuring Credit Risk
Credit risk is measured by credit rating, regulatory and internal capital demand and other key components like credit limits
as mentioned below.
The credit rating is an essential part of the bank’s underwriting and credit process and provides – amongst others – a
cornerstone for credit limit determination on an individual counterparty level, credit decision and transaction pricing as
well the determination of regulatory capital demand for credit risk. Each counterparty must be rated, and each rating has
to be reviewed at least annually supported by ongoing monitoring of counterparties. A credit rating is a prerequisite for
any credit limit established/approved. For each credit rating, the appropriate rating approach has to be applied and the
derived credit rating has to be established in the relevant systems. Specific rating approaches have been established to
best reflect the respective characteristics of exposure classes, including specific product types, central governments and
central banks, institutions, corporates and retail.
Counterparties in the bank’s non-retail portfolios are rated by Deutsche Bank’s independent Credit Risk Management
function partly using automated or semi-automated rating systems. Given the largely homogeneous nature of the retail
portfolio, counterparty creditworthiness and ratings are predominately derived by utilizing an automated decision engine.
Country risk-related ratings are provided by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Risk Research.
Deutsche Bank’s rating analysis is based on a combination of qualitative (including environmental) and quantitative factors.
When rating a counterparty Deutsche Bank applies in-house assessment methodologies and, scorecards, as well as its 21grade rating scale.
Changes to existing credit models and introduction of new models are approved by the Regulatory Credit Risk Model
Committee (RCRMC) chaired by the Head of Credit Risk Management before the models are used for credit decisions and
capital calculation for the first time or before they are significantly changed. Separately, for all model changes and for new
models an approval by Model Risk Management is required. Proposals with high impact are recommended for approval to
the Group Risk Committee. Furthermore, regulatory approval may also be required. The model validation is performed
independently of model development by Model Risk Management. The results of the regular validation processes as
stipulated by internal policies are brought to the attention of the RCRMC, even if the validation results do not lead to a
change.
Deutsche Bank measures risk-weighted assets to determine the regulatory capital demand for credit risk using “advanced”,
“foundation” and “standard” approaches of which “advanced” and “foundation” approaches are approved by the bank’s
regulator.

76

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

The advanced Internal Ratings Based Approach (IRBA) is the most sophisticated approach available under the regulatory
framework for credit risk and allows Deutsche Bank to make use of its internal credit rating models as well as internal
estimates of specific further risk parameters. These methods and parameters represent long-used key components of the
internal risk measurement and management process supporting the credit approval process, the economic capital and
expected loss calculation and the internal monitoring and reporting of credit risk. The relevant parameters include the
probability of default (PD), the loss given default (LGD) and the maturity (M) driving the regulatory risk-weight and the
credit conversion factor (CCF) as part of the regulatory exposure at default (EAD) estimation. For the majority of derivative
counterparty exposures as well as securities financing transactions (SFT), Deutsche Bank makes use of the internal model
method (IMM) in accordance with CRR to calculate EAD. For most of the bank’s internal rating systems more than seven
years of historical information is available to assess these parameters. Deutsche Bank’s internal rating methodologies aim
at point-in-time rather than a through-the-cycle rating, but in line with regulatory solvency requirements, they are
calibrated based on long-term averages of observed default rates.
The foundation IRBA is an approach available under the regulatory framework for credit risk allowing institutions to make
use of their internal rating methodologies while using pre-defined regulatory values for all other risk parameters.
Parameters subject to internal estimates include the PD while the LGD and the CCF are defined in the regulatory
framework. Foundation IRBA remains in place for some exposures stemming from ex-Postbank.
Deutsche Bank applies the standardized approach to a subset of its credit risk exposures. The standardized approach
measures credit risk either pursuant to fixed risk weights, which are predefined by the regulator, or through the application
of external ratings. Deutsche Bank assigns certain credit exposures permanently to the standardized approach in
accordance with Article 150 CRR. These are predominantly exposures to the Federal Republic of Germany and other
German public sector entities as well as exposures to central governments of other European Member States that meet
the required conditions. These exposures make up the majority of the exposures carried in the standardized approach and
receive predominantly a risk weight of zero percent. For internal purposes, however, these exposures are subject to an
internal credit assessment and fully integrated in the risk management and economic capital processes.
In addition to the above-described regulatory capital demand, Deutsche Bank determines the internal capital demand for
credit risk via an economic capital model.
Deutsche Bank calculates economic capital for the default risk, country risk and settlement risk as elements of credit risk.
In line with the bank’s economic capital framework, economic capital for credit risk is set at a level to absorb with a
probability of 99.9% very severe aggregate unexpected losses within one year. Deutsche Bank’s economic capital for credit
risk is derived from the loss distribution of a portfolio via Monte Carlo Simulation of correlated rating migrations. The loss
distribution is modeled in two steps. First, individual credit exposures are specified based on parameters for the probability
of default, exposure at default and loss given default. In a second step, the probability of joint defaults is modeled through
the introduction of economic factors, which correspond to geographic regions and industries. The simulation of portfolio
losses is then performed by an internally developed model, which takes rating migration and maturity effects into account
as well as LGD volatility. Effects due to wrong-way derivatives risk (i.e., the credit exposure of a derivative in the default
case is higher than in non-default scenarios) are modeled by applying the bank’s own alpha factor when deriving the
exposure at default for derivatives and securities financing transactions under the CRR. Deutsche Bank allocates expected
losses and economic capital derived from loss distributions down to transaction level to enable management on
transaction, customer and business level.
Besides the credit rating, as a key component for managing the bank’s credit portfolio, including individual transaction
approval and the setting of risk appetite, Deutsche Bank establishes credit limits for all credit exposures. Credit limits set
forth maximum credit exposures Deutsche Bank is willing to assume over specified periods. In determining the credit limit
for a counterparty, Deutsche Bank considers the counterparty’s credit quality above others by reference to its internal
credit rating. Credit limits and credit exposures are both measured on a gross and net basis where net is derived by
deducting appropriate hedges and certain collateral from respective gross figures. For derivatives, Deutsche Bank looks at
current market values and the potential future exposure over the relevant time horizon, which is based upon the bank’s
legal agreements with the counterparty.

77

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

IFRS 9 Impairment
In the following chapter, the Group provides an overview of the IFRS 9 impairment framework and how it is embedded into
Deutsche Bank‘s credit risk management activities. The disclosure provides a description of the Group‘s IFRS 9 model and
methodology, changes implemented in 2024 as well as key model assumptions. This chapter also highlights uncertainties
noted in 2024 and at year end, along with the impact from reasonable changes in the Group’s key model assumptions.
These credit risk management activities and assessments are embedded in the bank’s overall control and governance
framework for credit risk which includes the estimation of expected credit losses under IFRS 9 and the governance around
the models used. These activities include, but are not limited to, regular emerging and novel risk reviews as well as portfolio
deep dives, day to day risk management on the level of individual borrowers, as well as regular model validations. Further
explanations are provided regarding management overlays applied to the credit loss allowance, how reviews of relevant
assumptions and inputs to the ECL calculation are performed and how, as part of the model reviews, potential model
imprecision and whether any overlays were necessary, are assessed. The Group also presents background on management
overlays recorded at the end of 2023, throughout 2024 and at the end of 2024. To provide additional transparency on the
impact of reasonable changes to the key assumptions, model sensitivities are presented in a separate section which
concludes with the key drivers for the IFRS 9 model results.

Description of IFRS 9 model and methodology
The impairment requirements of IFRS 9 apply to all credit exposures that are measured at amortized cost or fair value
through other comprehensive income and to off balance sheet lending commitments, such as loan commitments and
financial guarantees. For purposes of the bank’s impairment approach, the Group refers to these instruments as financial
assets.
The Group determines its allowance for credit losses in accordance with IFRS 9 as follows:
– Stage 1 reflects financial assets where it is assumed that credit risk has not increased significantly after initial
recognition
– Stage 2 contains all financial assets, that are not defaulted, but have experienced a significant increase in credit risk
since initial recognition
– Stage 3 consists of financial assets which deemed to be in default in accordance with Deutsche Bank’s policies, which
are based on the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) Article 178. The Group defines these financial assets as
impaired, non-performing and defaulted
– Significant increase in credit risk is determined using quantitative and qualitative information based on the Group’s
historical experience, credit risk assessment and forward-looking information
– Purchased or Originated Credit-Impaired (POCI) financial assets are assets where at the time of initial recognition, there
is objective evidence of impairment and the Group purchased at a discount.
The IFRS 9 impairment approach is an integral part of the Group’s credit risk management procedures. The estimation of
ECL is either performed via the automated, parameter based ECL calculation using the Group’s ECL model or determined
by credit officers. In both cases, the calculation takes place for each financial asset individually. Similarly, the
determination of the need to transfer between stages is made on an individual asset basis. The Group’s ECL model is used
to calculate the allowance for credit losses for all financial assets in Stage 1 and Stage 2, as well as for Stage 3 in the
homogeneous portfolio (i.e., retail and small business loans with similar credit risk characteristics). For financial assets in
the bank’s non-homogeneous portfolio in Stage 3 and for POCI assets, the allowance for credit losses is determined
individually by credit officers.
The Group uses three main components to measure ECL. These are Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD)
and Exposure at Default (EAD). The Group leverages existing parameters used for determination of capital demand under
the Basel Internal Ratings Based Approach (IRBA) and internal risk management practices as much as possible to calculate
ECL. These parameters are adjusted where necessary to comply with IFRS 9 requirements (e.g., use of point in time ratings
and removal of downturn add-ons in the regulatory parameters). Incorporating forecasts of future economic variables into
the measurement of ECL influences the allowance for credit losses. In order to calculate lifetime ECL, the Group’s
calculation derives the corresponding lifetime PDs from migration matrices that reflect economic forecasts.
In 2023, the Group completed three migration waves of the Postbank clients into the IT systems of Deutsche Bank, which
resulted in the Group-wide alignment of the IFRS 9 impairment model and methodologies, while specific models previously
applied for the Postbank were to a large extent decommissioned. The final wave of the IT migration took place in the third
quarter of 2024 and included the BHW mortgage and Postbank factoring portfolios. The migration led to an immaterial
ECL increase.

78

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Stage determination and significant increase in credit risk
At initial recognition, financial assets are reflected in Stage 1, unless the financial assets are POCI. If there is a significant
increase in credit risk, the financial asset is transferred to Stage 2. A significant increase in credit risk is determined by using
rating-related and process-related indicators. The transfer of financial assets to Stage 3 is based on the status of the
borrower being in default. If a borrower is in default, all financial assets of the borrower are transferred to Stage 3.
Rating-related Stage 2 indicators: The Group compares a borrower’s lifetime PD at the reporting date with lifetime PD
expectations at the date of initial recognition to determine if there has been a significant change in the borrower’s PDs and
consequently to any of the borrower’s transaction in the scope of IFRS 9 impairment. Based on historically observed
migration behavior and a sampling of different economic scenarios, a lifetime PD distribution is obtained. A quantile of this
distribution, which is defined for each counterparty class, is chosen as the lifetime PD threshold. If the remaining lifetime
PD of a transaction according to current expectations exceeds this threshold, the financial asset is deemed to have
incurred a significant increase in credit risk and is transferred to Stage 2. The quantiles used to define Stage 2 thresholds
are determined using expert judgment, are reviewed annually and have not changed since implementation of IFRS 9. The
thresholds applied vary depending on the original credit quality of the borrower, elapsed lifetime, remaining lifetime and
counterparty class. Management believes that the defined approach and quantiles represent a meaningful indicator that
a financial asset has incurred a significant increase in credit risk. In 2024 the Group started a review of the appropriateness
of the quantile approach, which is still ongoing. An alternative approach has been developed and is currently being tested.
Initial preliminary impacts appear to be neutral. As an interim step Deutsche Bank decided to introduce the threefold PD
increase as additional Stage 2 trigger as a backstop, which went live in August 2024 and only lead to an immaterial impact
on ECL.
Process-related Stage 2 indicators are derived via the use of existing risk management indicators, which in the bank’s view
represent situations where the credit risk of financial assets has significantly increased. These include borrowers being
added to the Group’s watchlist, being transferred to workout status, payments being 30 days or more past due or being in
forbearance. As long as the condition for one or more of the process-related or rating-related indicators is fulfilled and the
borrower of the financial asset has not met the definition of default, the asset will remain in Stage 2. If the Stage 2
indicators are no longer fulfilled and the financial asset has not defaulted, the financial asset transfers back to Stage 1. In
case of performing forborne financial assets, the probation period is two years before the financial asset is reclassified to
Stage 1, which is aligned with regulatory guidance.
If the borrower defaults, all transactions of the borrower are allocated to Stage 3. If, at a later date, the borrower is no
longer in default, the curing criteria according to regulatory guidance is applied (including probation periods), which are at
least three months or one year in case of distressed restructurings. Once the regulatory cure period or criteria has been
met, the borrower will cease to be classified as defaulted and will be transferred back to Stage 2 or Stage 1.
The ECL calculation for Stage 3 distinguishes between transactions in the homogeneous and non-homogenous portfolios,
as well as POCI financial assets. For transactions that are in Stage 3 and in a homogeneous portfolio, the Group uses a
parameter-based automated approach to determine the credit loss allowance per transaction. For these transactions, the
LGD parameters are to a large extent modelled to be time-dependent, i.e., consider the declining recovery expectation as
time elapses after default. The allowance for credit losses for financial assets in the bank’s non-homogeneous portfolios
in Stage 3, as well as for POCI assets are determined by credit officers and have to be approved along an established
authority grid up to and including the Management Board. This allows credit officers to consider currently available
information and recovery expectations specific to the borrowers and the financial assets at the reporting date.

Estimation techniques for key input factors

The first key input factor in the Group ECL calculation is the one-year PD for borrowers which is derived from the bank’s
internal rating systems. The Group assigns a PD to each borrower credit exposure based on a 21-grade master rating scale
for all of the Group’s exposure.
The borrower ratings assigned are derived based on internally developed rating models which specify consistent and
distinct customer-relevant criteria and assign a rating grade based on a specific set of criteria as given for a certain
customer. The set of criteria is generated from information sets relevant for the respective customer segments including
general customer behavior, financial and external data (e.g., credit bureau). The methods in use range from statistical
scoring models to expert-based models taking into account the relevant available quantitative and qualitative information.
Expert-based models are usually applied for borrowers in the exposure classes “Central governments and central banks”,
“Institutions” and “Corporates” with the exception of those “Corporates” for which a sufficient data basis is available for
statistical scoring models. For the latter, as well as for the retail segment, statistical scoring or hybrid models combining
both approaches are commonly used. Quantitative rating methodologies are developed based on applicable statistical
modelling techniques, such as logistic regression.

79

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

One-year PDs are extended to multi-year PD curves using through-the-cycle matrices and macroeconomic forecasts.
Based on economic scenarios centered around the macroeconomic baseline forecast, through-the-cycle matrices are first
transformed into point-in-time rating migration matrices, typically for a two-year period. The calculation of the point-intime matrices provides the link between macroeconomic variables and the default and rating behavior of borrowers, which
is derived from time series through regression techniques involving macroeconomic variables (MEVs) and historical rating
and default data. In a final step, multi-year PD curves are derived from point-in-time rating migration matrices for periods
where reasonable and supportable forecasts are available and extrapolated based on through-the-cycle rating migration
matrices beyond those periods.
The second key input factor into the ECL calculation is the LGD parameter, which is defined as the likely loss intensity in
case of a borrower’s default. It provides an estimation of the exposure that cannot be recovered in a default event and
therefore captures the severity of a loss. Conceptually, LGD estimates are independent of a borrower’s probability of
default. The LGD models applied in Stages 1 and 2, which are based on regulatory LGD models, but adjusted for IFRS 9
requirements (i.e., removal of downturn-add-on and removal of indirect costs of workout), ensure that the main drivers for
losses (i.e., different levels and quality of collateralization and customer or product types or seniority of facility) are
reflected as risk drivers in LGD estimates. In the bank’s LGD models, the Group assigns collateral type specific LGD
parameters to the collateralized exposure (collateral value after application of haircuts).
Forward-looking information (FLI) is also incorporated into LGD projections in terms of FLI LGD scaling factors for
exposures in Stages 1 and 2 based on forecasts for key MEVs. LGD adjustments are quantified relative to long-term
historical averages, which represent a neutral reference point throughout an economic cycle.
The LGD setting for defaulted homogeneous portfolios are partially dependent on time after default and are either
calibrated based on the Group’s multi-decade loss and recovery experience using statistical methods or for less significant
portfolios certain LGD model input parameters (e.g., cure rates) are determined by expert judgement.
The third key input factor is the exposure at default over the lifetime of a financial asset which is modelled taking into
account expected repayment profiles (e.g., linear amortization, annuities, bullet loan structures). Prepayment options are
modelled for some portfolios. The bank applies specific credit conversion factors (CCFs) in order to calculate an EAD value.
Conceptually, the EAD is defined as the expected amount of the credit exposure to a borrower at the time of its default.
In instances where a transaction involves an unused limit, a percentage share of this unused limit is added to the
outstanding amount in order to appropriately reflect the expected outstanding amount in case of a borrower’s default.
This reflects the assumption that for commitments, the utilization at the time of default might be higher than the current
outstanding balance. In case a transaction involves an additional contingent component (i.e., guarantees) a further
percentage share is applied as part of the CCF model in order to estimate the amount of guarantees drawn in case of
default. The calibrations of such parameters are based on internal historical data and are either based on empirical analysis
or supported by expert judgement and consider borrower and product type specifics. Where supervisory CCF values need
to be applied for regulatory purposes, internal estimates are used for IFRS 9.
Expected lifetime
IFRS 9 requires the determination of lifetime ECL for which the expected lifetime of a financial asset is a key input factor.
Lifetime ECL represent default events over the expected life of a financial asset. The Group measures ECL considering the
risk of default over the maximum contractual period (including any borrower’s extension options) over which the Group is
exposed to credit risk.
Retail overdrafts, credit card facilities and certain corporate revolving facilities typically include both a loan and an
undrawn commitment component. The expected lifetime of such on-demand facilities exceeds their contractual life as
they are typically cancelled only when the Group becomes aware of an increase in credit risk. The expected lifetime is
estimated by taking into consideration historical information and the Group’s credit risk management actions such as credit
limit reductions and facility cancellation. Where such facilities are subject to an individual review by credit risk
management, the lifetime for calculating ECL is 12 months. For facilities not subject to individual review by credit risk
management, the bank applies a lifetime for calculating ECL of 24 months.
Interest rate used in the IFRS 9 model
In the context of the ECL calculation, the Group applies in line with IFRS 9 an approximation of the effective interest rate
(EIR), which is usually the contractual interest rate. The contractual interest rate is deemed to be an appropriate
approximation, as the interest rate is consistently used in the ECL model, interest recognition and for discounting of the
ECL and does not materially differ from the EIR.

80

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Consideration of collateralization in IFRS 9 Expected Credit Loss calculation
The ECL model projects the level of collateralization for each point in time in the life of a financial asset. At the reporting
date, the model uses the existing collateral distribution process applied in Deutsche Bank’s economic capital model. In this
model, the liquidation value of each eligible collateral is allocated to relevant financial assets to distinguish between
collateralized and uncollateralized parts of each financial asset. In the ECL calculation, the Group subsequently applies
the aforementioned LGDs for secured and unsecured exposures to derive the ECL for the secured and unsecured part of
the exposure separately.
For personal collateral (e.g., guarantees), the ECL model assumes that the relative level of collateralization remains stable
over time. In the case of an amortizing loan, the outstanding exposure and collateral values decrease together over time.
For physical collateral (e.g., real estate property), the ECL shall assume that the absolute collateral value remains constant.
In case of an amortizing loan, the collateralized part of the exposure increases over time and the loan-to-value decreases
accordingly.
Certain financial guarantee contracts are integral to the financial assets guaranteed. In such cases, the financial guarantee
is considered as collateral for the financial asset and the benefit of the guarantee is used to mitigate the ECL of the
guaranteed financial asset.
Forward looking information
Under IFRS 9, the allowance for credit losses is based on reasonable and supportable forward-looking information available
without undue cost or effort, which takes into consideration past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
economic conditions.
To incorporate forward looking information into the Group’s allowance for credit losses, the bank uses two key elements:
– As its base scenario, the Group uses external survey-based macroeconomic forecasts (e.g., consensus views on GDP and
unemployment rates); in addition, the scenario expansion model, which has been initially developed for stress testing,
is used for forecasting macroeconomic variables that are not covered by external consensus data; all forecasts are
assumed to reflect the most likely development of the respective variables; the Group regularly updates its forecasts
for macro-economic factors during the quarter and reviews aspects of potential model imprecision (e.g., MEV
parameters outside the historic range used for model calibration, if not already included in the model) as part of an MEV
monitoring framework to assess if an overlay is required
– Statistical techniques are then applied to transform the base scenario projections into a probability distribution of the
macroeconomic variables; these scenarios specify deviations from the baseline forecasts; the scenario distribution is
then used for deriving multi-year PD curves for different rating and counterparty classes, which are applied in the ECL
calculation and in the identification of significant deterioration in credit quality of financial assets as described above
in the rating-related Stage 2 indicators
The Group's Risk and Finance Credit Loss Provision Forum monitors the impact of forward-looking information, including
the latest macroeconomic variables, on a quarterly basis and determines if any additional overlays are required. Although
interest rates and inflation are not separately included in the MEVs, the economic impact of these risks is reflected in GDP
growth rates, unemployment, equities and credit spreads as higher rates and inflation filter through these forecasts. As of
December 31, 2024, the consensus data applied in the ECL model was deemed to have reflected the latest
macroeconomic developments and after considering all relevant uncertainties in the MEVs no additional overlays were
required.
As described earlier, the Group’s approach to reflect forward-looking information into the calculation of ECL is to
incorporate forecasts for the next two to three years into PD and LGD projections. For periods beyond those covered in
terms of reasonable and supportable economic forecasts, reversion to historically observed behavior of defaults, rating
migrations and recoveries is used for ECL measurement.
The tables below contain relevant forward-looking information by macroeconomic variable included in the Group’s IFRS
9 model as of December 31, 2024, and as of December 31, 2023.

81

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Forward-looking information applied
December 31, 2024¹ ²

GDP - USA
GDP - Eurozone
GDP - Germany
GDP - Italy
GDP - Developing Asia
GDP - Emerging Markets
Unemployment - USA
Unemployment - Eurozone
Unemployment - Germany
Unemployment - Italy
Unemployment - Spain
Unemployment - Japan
Real Estate Prices - CRE Index USA
Real Estate Prices - CRE Index Eurozone
Real Estate Prices - House Price Index USA
Real Estate Prices - House Price Index Germany
Real Estate Prices - House Price Index Italy
Real Estate Prices - House Price Index Spain
Equity - S&P500
Equity - Eurostoxx50
Equity - DAX40
Equity - MSCI EAFE
Equity - MSCI Asia
Equity - Nikkei
Credit - High Yield Index
Credit - CDX High Yield
Credit - CDX IG
Credit - CDX Emerging Markets
Credit - ITX Europe 125
Commodity - WTI
Commodity - Gold
1
2

Year 1
(4 quarter avg)

Year 2
(4 quarter avg)

2.23%
1.04%
0.38%
0.74%
4.53%
4.11%
4.29%
6.46%
3.46%
6.50%
11.12%
2.48%
312.27
107.75
325.05
152.78
103.82
1,959.68
6,109
4,965
20,131
1,069
1,602
38,972
312.32
332.33
56.50
177.90
62.15
70.46
2,588.02

2.04%
1.19%
1.14%
1.02%
4.26%
3.81%
4.20%
6.42%
3.40%
6.76%
10.93%
2.40%
316.81
108.39
333.47
158.19
104.92
2,000.70
6,436
5,162
20,968
1,112
1,630
39,582
358.66
374.29
64.29
202.59
68.66
65.85
2,612.91

MEV as of December 5, 2024, which barely changed until December 31, 2024
Year 1 equals fourth quarter of 2024 to third quarter of 2025, Year 2 equals fourth quarter of 2025 to third quarter of 2026
December 31, 2023¹ ²
Year 1
(4 quarter avg)

GDP - USA
GDP - Eurozone
GDP - Germany
GDP - Italy
GDP - Developing Asia
GDP - Emerging Markets
Unemployment - USA
Unemployment - Eurozone
Unemployment - Germany
Unemployment - Italy
Unemployment - Spain
Unemployment - Japan
Real Estate Prices - CRE Index USA
Equity - S&P500
Equity - MSCI Asia
Equity - Nikkei
Credit - High Yield Index
Credit - CDX High Yield
Credit - CDX IG
Credit - CDX Emerging Markets
Credit - ITX Europe 125
Commodity - WTI
Commodity - Gold
1
2

1.75%
0.13%
0.12%
0.33%
4.94%
4.08%
4.19%
6.67%
3.12%
7.75%
11.96%
2.58%
353.41
4,514
1,293
33,188
404.65
451.57
70.04
195.16
73.09
82.52
1,957.34

Year 2
(4 quarter avg)

1.31%
1.08%
1.30%
1.03%
4.37%
4.01%
4.40%
6.64%
3.13%
7.68%
11.67%
2.42%
347.99
4,621
1,297
34,051
418.52
466.40
72.12
192.83
72.21
83.56
1,958.16

MEV as of December 6, 2023, which barely changed until December 29, 2023
Year 1 equals fourth quarter of 2023 to third quarter of 2024, Year 2 equals fourth quarter of 2024 to third quarter of 2025

82

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Model sensitivity
The Group has identified three key model assumptions included in the IFRS 9 model. These include forward looking
macroeconomic variables, the quantitative criteria for determining if a borrower has incurred a significant increase in credit
risk and is transferred to Stage 2, and the LGD setting on homogenous portfolios in Stage 3. Below the bank provides
sensitivity analysis on the potential impact if these key assumptions applied in the ECL model were to deviate from the
bank’s base case expectations.
Macroeconomic variables
The sensitivity of the ECL model with respect to potential changes in projections for key MEVs is shown in the tables below,
which provides ECL impacts for Stages 1 and 2 from downward and upward shifts applied separately to each group of MEV
as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The magnitude of the shifts is selected in the range of one standard
deviation, which is a statistical measure of the dispersion of the values of a random variable. Each of these groups consists
of MEVs from the same category:
–
–
–
–
–

GDP growth rates: includes USA, Eurozone, Germany, Italy, Developing Asia, Emerging Markets
Unemployment rates: includes USA, Eurozone, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain
Equities: S&P500, Eurostoxx50, DAX 40, Nikkei, MSCI Asia, MSCI EAFE
Credit spreads: ITX Europe 125, High Yield Index, CDX IG, CDX High Yield, CDX Emerging Markets
Real Estate: CRE Index Eurozone, House Price Index USA, House Price Index Germany, House Price Index Italy, House
Price Index Spain
– Commodities: WTI oil price, Gold price
Although interest rates and inflation are not included in the above set of MEVs, adverse effects associated with changes
in these risk drivers typically manifest themselves in other economic forecasts incorporated in the ECL model, such as
lower GDP growth, higher unemployment or wider credit spreads
In addition, the sensitivity analysis only includes the impact of the aggregated MEV group (i.e., potential correlations
between different MEV groups or the impact of management overlays is not taken into consideration). ECL quantification
for Stage 3 does not follow a model-based process for various portfolios and is therefore excluded from the following
tables.
Compared to December 31, 2023, higher sensitivities to real estate prices are observed as of December 31, 2024, since
sensitivities as of December 31, 2024 include effects from the FLI LGD model, which went live in 2024. Lower sensitivities
to GDPs are due to methodological adjustments to the specification of shock amounts. Previously, the Group applied shock
amounts to GDP growth rate projections for the first and second year but going forward for the first year only. This ensures
that returns of MEV levels are now consistently shifted for the first year only across all MEV groups.
IFRS 9 – Sensitivities of forward-looking information applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 – Group Level
December 31, 2024
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates
Real estate prices2
Equities
Credit spreads
Commodities¹
1

2

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp
5%
10%
(40)%
10%

(66.4)
(44.9)
(13.9)
(14.1)
(20.7)
(7.7)

(1)pp
0.5pp
(5)%
(10)%
40%
(10)%

71.8
49.0
16.0
17.8
24.2
8.7

Here the sign of the shift applies to oil prices changes. Gold price changes have the opposite sign. 1pp (percentage point), e.g., GDP shifts from 3% to 4% // 1%
(percentage change), e.g., Real estate price shifts from 100 to 101
For a more severe stress test relating to the CRE portfolio that also takes into consideration existing and potential exposure in Stage 3 reference is made to the section on
Commercial Real Estate above
December 31, 2023
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates
Real estate prices
Equities
Credit spreads
Commodities

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp
5%
10%
(40)%
10%

(80.4)
(43.1)
(5.9)
(9.0)
(20.5)
(8.5)

(1)pp
0.5pp
(5)%
(10)%
40%
(10)%

88.9
45.9
6.2
12.2
22.8
9.2

83

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

At divisional level, the sensitivity analysis below was performed for the year ended December 31, 2024, and 2023,
respectively, and revealed GDP growth rates, credit spreads and commodities prices to be the dominant factors for the
Investment Bank, whereas the model sensitivity for the Corporate Bank and Private Bank is mainly associated with changes
in GDP growth rates and unemployment rates. The model sensitivity table for the Private Bank shows GDP growth rates
and unemployment rates only, as the key MEVs relevant to the underlying portfolios.
IFRS 9 – Sensitivities of forward-looking information applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 - Corporate Bank
December 31, 2024
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates
Real estate prices2
Credit spreads
Commodities¹

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp
5%
(40)%
10%

(18.2)
(12.6)
(2.1)
(4.5)
(2.8)

(1)pp
0.5pp
(5)%
40%
(10)%

20.3
14.2
2.2
5.0
3.1

¹ Here the sign of the shift applies to oil prices changes. Gold price changes have the opposite sign.
2
For a more severe stress test relating to the CRE portfolio that also takes into consideration existing and potential exposure in Stage 3 reference is made to the section on
Commercial Real Estate above
December 31, 2023
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates
Real estate prices
Credit spreads
Commodities

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp
5%
(40)%
10%

(18.1)
(10.4)
(1.5)
(3.8)
(2.6)

(1)pp
0.5pp
(5)%
40%
(10)%

20.7
11.0
1.6
4.4
2.9

IFRS 9 – Sensitivities of forward-looking information applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 - Investment Bank
December 31, 2024
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates
Real estate prices2
Equities
Credit spreads
Commodities¹

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp
5%
10%
(40)%
10%

(26.4)
(11.0)
(8.6)
(4.7)
(13.5)
(4.6)

(1)pp
0.5pp
(5)%
(10)%
40%
(10)%

28.9
12.1
10.2
5.9
16.2
5.3

¹ Here the sign of the shift applies to oil prices changes. Gold price changes have the opposite sign.
2
For a more severe stress test relating to the CRE portfolio that also takes into consideration existing and potential exposure in Stage 3 reference is made to the section on
Commercial Real Estate above.
December 31, 2023
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates
Real estate prices
Equities
Credit spreads
Commodities

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp
5%
10%
(40)%
10%

(30.6)
(6.7)
(4.0)
(3.3)
(13.6)
(5.5)

(1)pp
0.5pp
(5)%
(10)%
40%
(10)%

33.5
7.5
4.2
4.4
14.7
5.9

84

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

IFRS 9 – Sensitivities of forward-looking information applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 - Private Bank
December 31, 2024
Upward sensitivity

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates

GDP growth rates
Unemployment rates

Downward sensitivity

Upward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

Downward shift

ECL impact
in € m.

1pp
(0.5)pp

(18.3)
(19.5)

(1)pp
0.5pp

19.3
20.6

Upward sensitivity
ECL impact
Upward shift
in € m.
1pp
(24.4)
(0.5)pp
(22.4)

December 31, 2023
Downward sensitivity
Downward
ECL impact
shift
in € m.
(1)pp
26.3
0.5pp
23.3

Impact of lifetime expected credit losses for Stage 1 borrowers
As described above, the Group uses a mixture of quantitative and qualitative criteria to determine significant increase in
credit risk which require, for affected borrowers, a move to lifetime ECL (Stage 2). If for all Stage 1 borrowers Deutsche
Bank were to record lifetime expected credit losses, the Group’s allowance for credit losses amounting to € 6.2 billion as
of December 31, 2024 and € 5.7 billion as of December 31, 2023 would increase by approximately 34% as of year end 2024
and 38% as of 2023, respectively.
Stage 3 LGD setting
The Group’s allowance for credit losses in Stage 3 for the homogeneous portfolios amounts to € 3.0 billion as of
December 31, 2024 and € 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2023. The key driver in determining the ECL provision is the loss
given default estimate, which differs by individual portfolios. Loss given default is influenced by recovery rates, proceeds
from the sale of collateral, and cure rates. Some of the drivers for different portfolios include elements of expert judgment
and in particular on expected cure rates. If the LGD for all homogeneous portfolios were to increase by 1%, then Stage 3
ECL would increase as of December 31, 2024 by approximately € 26 million (thereof € 17 million in Germany, € 5 million in
Italy and € 2 million in Spain), and by approximately € 22 million as of December 31, 2023 (thereof € 14 million in Germany,
€ 5 million in Italy and € 2 million in Spain).

Management overlays applied to the IFRS 9 model output
The Group regularly reviews the IFRS 9 methodology and processes, key inputs into the ECL calculation and discusses
upcoming model changes, potential model imprecisions or other estimation uncertainties, for example in the
macroeconomic environment to determine if any material overlays are required. Moreover, regular reviews for evolving or
emerging risks are performed, especially in the current geopolitical environment. Measures applied include client surveys
and interviews, along with analysis of portfolios across businesses, regions and sectors. In addition, the Group regularly
reviews and validates key model inputs and assumptions (including those in feeder models) and ensures where expert
judgement is applied, it is in line with the Group’s risk management framework. As of December 31, 2024, the Group did
not identify any model weaknesses that would require an additional overlay, except for the ECL model related changes,
for which overlays have been recorded.
As of year end 2024, the Group’s IFRS9 management overlays amounted to € 124 million, compared to € 84 million for
year end 2023 (which resulted in an increase of Allowance for Credit Losses in both periods). In the second quarter 2024,
the Group reduced it‘s management overlay relating to FLI following the deployment of the related model refinement
which led to the expected ECL increase. Further, the Group introduced two new overlays following a review of model
performance to bring forward the expected impacts from a model refinement related to refinancing risk, which is the main
contributor of the total overlay amount, represents a change in estimate and is envisaged for future technical
implementation, as well as from a PD parameter recalibration envisaged for the first half of 2025.
Overall Assessment of ECL’s
To ensure that Deutsche Bank’s ECL model accounted for the uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment
throughout 2024, the Group continued to review emerging risks, assessed potential baseline and downside impacts and
required actions to manage the bank’s credit strategy and risk appetite. The outcome of these reviews concluded that the
bank adequately provisioned for its expected credit losses as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023.
Results from the above reviews and development of key portfolio indicators are regularly discussed at the Credit Risk
Appetite and Management Forum and Group Risk Committee. Where necessary, actions and measures are taken to
mitigate the risks. Client ratings are regularly reviewed to reflect the latest macroeconomic developments and where
potentially significant risks are identified clients are moved to the watchlist (Stage 2), forbearance measures may be
negotiated, and credit limits and collateralization are reviewed. Overall, the Group believes that based on its day-to-day
risk management activities and regular reviews of emerging risks it has adequately provided for its ECL.

85

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

IFRS 9 model results
Provision for credit losses was € 1.8 billion in 2024, up from € 1.5 billion in 2023 and 38 basis points (bps) of average loans,
in line with the guidance the bank provided after the third quarter. The increase was driven by cyclical events in the
Commercial Real Estate sector, certain larger corporate credit events and temporary effects following the Postbank
integration. The wider portfolios performed broadly in line with expectations despite the challenging macroeconomic and
interest rate environment.
With regard to climate risks, estimates of higher transition and physical risk exposures and their impact on the Expected
Credit Loss (ECL) did not result in any adjustment of credit loss provisions for the years ended December 31, 2024 as well
and December 31, 2023.
For details of the provision for credit losses related to the segments, please refer to section Segment results of operations.
For details on the Group’s accounting policy related to IFRS 9 Impairment, please refer to Note 1 - Material accounting
policies and critical accounting estimates of the consolidated financial statements.

Managing and mitigation of credit risk
Managing credit risk on counterparty level
Credit-relevant counterparties are principally allocated to credit officers within credit teams which are organized by type
of counterparty (such as financial institutions, corporates or private individuals), economic area (e.g., emerging markets) or
product and supported by dedicated rating analyst teams where deemed necessary. The individual credit officers have the
relevant expertise and experience to manage the credit risks associated with these counterparties and their associated
credit related transactions. For retail clients, credit decision making and credit monitoring is highly automated due to
standardized products and processes. Credit Risk Management has full oversight of the respective processes and tools
used in these highly automated retail credit processes. It is the responsibility of each credit officer to undertake ongoing
credit monitoring for their allocated counterparties. Deutsche Bank also has procedures in place intended to identify at an
early-stage credit exposures for which there may be an increased risk of deteriorated risk/loss.
In instances where Deutsche Bank has identified counterparties with emerging concern about their credit quality
deteriorating or likely to deteriorate to the point where they present a heightened risk of default/loss, the respective
counterparty is generally placed on the “Watchlist”. Deutsche Bank aims to identify those counterparties at an early stage
to ensure that credit exposures with increased risks are effectively managed, the Bank’s risk management tools are
appropriately applied aiming to minimize potential losses. The objective of this early warning system is to address potential
problems while adequate options for action are still available. This early risk detection is a tenet of Deutsche Bank’s credit
culture and is designed to raise management awareness of these positions. Environmental risks are now considered as
potential triggers for discretionary inclusion in watchlist for groups or counterparties facing climate and environmental
related risks without adequate risk mitigation strategy in place.
Credit limits for individual counterparties are established by the Credit Risk Management function applying credit
authorities assigned to individual Credit Officers. This also applies to settlement risk that must fall within limits preapproved by Credit Risk Management and in a manner that reflects expected settlement patterns for the subject
counterparty. Credit approvals are documented by electronic signature under 4-eye principle by the respective credit
authority holders and are retained for future reference.
Credit authority is generally assigned as a personal credit authority according to the individual’s professional qualification
and experience. All assigned credit authorities are reviewed on a periodic basis to help ensure that they are commensurate
with the individual performance of the authority holder.
Where credit authority is insufficient to establish required credit limits, the transaction is referred to a credit authority
holder with the respective credit authority or if exceeding the highest personal authority to an appropriate credit
committee. Where personal and committee authorities are insufficient to establish appropriate limits, the case is referred
to the Management Board for approval.

86

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Mitigation of credit risk on counterparty level
In addition to determine counterparty credit quality by assigning internal ratings and the alignment of the exposure with
the Bank’s counterparty concentration risk guidelines, Deutsche Bank also uses various credit risk mitigation and
protection techniques to optimize credit exposure and reduce potential credit losses. These techniques are applied in the
following forms:
– Comprehensive and enforceable credit documentation with adequate terms and conditions
– Collateral in its various forms to reduce losses by increasing the recovery of obligations; key principles for collateral
management include legal effectiveness and enforceability, prudent and realistic collateral valuations, risk and
regulatory capital reduction, as well as cost efficiency
– Risk transfers, which shift the risk of default of an obligor to a third-party including hedging executed by the bank’s
Strategic Corporate Lending (SCL) team or entity; other de-risking tools, such as securitizations etc., may also be
employed
– Netting and collateral arrangements which reduce the credit exposure from derivatives and securities financing
transactions (e.g. repo transactions)
– Hedging of derivatives counterparty risk including CVA, using primarily CDS contracts via the bank’s Counterparty
Portfolio Management desk
Collateral
Deutsche Bank regularly agrees on collateral to be received from customers that are subject to credit risk or to be provided
by third parties agreed by legally effective and enforceable contracts as documented by a written and reasoned legal
opinion. Collateral is credit protection in the form of (funded) assigned or pledged assets or (unfunded) third-party
obligations that serves to mitigate the inherent risk of credit loss in an exposure, by either substituting the counterparty
default risk or improving recoveries in the event of a default. Deutsche Bank generally takes all types of eligible collateral
for its respective businesses but may limit accepted collateral types for specific businesses or regions as customary in the
respective market or driven by purpose of efficiency. While collateral can be an alternative source of repayment, it does
not replace the necessity of high-quality underwriting standards and a thorough assessment of the debt service ability of
the counterparty in line with Article 194 (9) CRR.
Deutsche Bank distinguishes the following two types of credit protection approaches:
– Funded Credit Protection like financial and other collateral, which enables Deutsche Bank to recover all or part of the
outstanding exposure by liquidating the collateral/asset provided, in cases where the counterparty is unable or
unwilling to fulfill its primary obligations. Cash collateral, securities (equity, bonds), collateral pledges or assignments
of other claims or inventory, movable assets (i.e., plant, machinery, ships and aircraft) and real estate typically fall into
this category; all financial collateral is regularly, mostly daily, revalued and measured against the respective credit
exposure; the value of other collateral, including real estate, is monitored based upon established processes that
includes regular reviews or revaluations by internal and/or external experts
– Unfunded Credit Protection like Guarantees, which complement the counterparty’s ability to fulfill its obligation under
the legal contract and as such is provided by uncorrelated third parties. Letters of credit, insurance contracts, export
credit insurance, guarantees, credit derivatives and (unfunded) risk participations typically fall into this category.
Guarantees and strong letters of comfort provided by correlated group members of customers (generally the parent
company) may also be accepted and considered in approved rating approaches; guarantee collateral with a noninvestment grade rating of the guarantor is limited
Deutsche Bank’s processes seek to ensure that the collateral accepted for risk mitigation purposes is of high quality. This
includes processes to generally ensure legally effective and enforceable documentation for realizable and measurable
collateral or assets which are evaluated within the on-boarding process by dedicated internal appraisers or teams with the
respective qualification, skills and experience or adequate external valuers mandated in regulated processes. The applied
valuations follow generally accepted valuation methods or models and include the identification of material climate
physical and transition risks. Ongoing correctness of values is monitored by collateral type-specific, appropriately
frequent, and event-driven reviews considering relevant risk parameters. Revaluations are applied in cases of identified
probable material deterioration and future monitoring may be adjusted respectively. The assessment of the suitability of
collateral for a specific transaction is part of the credit decision and must be undertaken in a conservative way, including
collateral haircuts that are applied. Deutsche Bank has collateral type specific haircuts in place which are regularly
reviewed and approved. In this regard, Deutsche Bank strives to avoid “wrong-way” risk characteristics where the
counterparty’s risk is positively correlated with the risk of deterioration in the collateral value. If collateral with material
correlation risk is accepted anyhow, a potential impact on its value is considered conservatively in the valuation. For
unfunded credit protection like guarantees, the process for the analysis of the guarantor’s creditworthiness is aligned to
the credit assessment process for credit-relevant counterparties.

87

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

The valuation of collateral is considered under a liquidation scenario. The liquidation value is equal to the expected
proceeds of collateral monetization/realization in a base case scenario, wherein a fair price is achieved through careful
preparation and orderly liquidation of the collateral. Collateral can either move in value over time (dynamic value) or not
(static value). The dynamic liquidation value generally includes a safety margin or haircut over realizable value to address
liquidity and marketability aspects.
The Deutsche Bank Group assigns a liquidation value to eligible collateral, based on, among other things:
– The market value and/or lending value, notional amount or face value of a collateral as a starting point
– The type of collateral; the currency mismatch, if any, between the secured exposure and the collateral; and a maturity
mismatch, if any
– The applicable legal environment or jurisdiction (onshore versus offshore collateral)
– The market liquidity and volatility in relation to agreed termination clauses
– The correlation between the performance of the borrower and the value of the collateral, e.g., in the case of the pledge
of a borrower’s own shares or securities (in this case generally full correlation leads to no liquidation value)
– The quality of physical collateral and potential for litigation or environmental risks; and
– A determined collateral type specific haircut (0 – 100%) reflecting collection risks (i.e. price risks over the average
liquidation period and processing/utilization/sales costs) as specified in the respective documents
Collateral haircut settings are typically based on available historic internal and/or external recovery data (expert opinions
may also be used, where appropriate). They also incorporate a forward-looking component in the form of collection and
valuation forecast provided by experts within Risk Management. Considering the expected proceeds from the liquidation
of the different collateral types, respective value fluctuations, market specific liquidation costs, and time applied haircuts
vary between 0 to 100%. When data is not sufficiently available or inconclusive, more conservative haircuts than otherwise
used must be applied. Haircut settings are reviewed at least annually. Historically validated proceeds from collateral
liquidation are also implied respectively in current Loss-Given-Default calculations where market values of collateral
instead of liquidation values are applied.
Risk transfers
Risk transfers to third parties form a key part of the bank’s overall risk management process and are executed in various
forms, including outright sales, single name and portfolio hedging, and securitizations (significant risk transfers). Risk
transfers are conducted by the respective business units and/or by Strategic Corporate Lending, in accordance with
specifically approved mandates.
Strategic Corporate Lending manages the residual credit risk of loans and lending-related commitments of the
institutional and corporate credit portfolio, part of the leveraged lending portfolio and the medium-sized German
companies’ portfolio across the bank’s Corporate Bank and Investment Bank divisions.
Acting as a central pricing reference, Strategic Corporate Lending provides the businesses with an observed or derived
capital market rate for loan applications; however, the decision of whether or not the business can enter into the credit risk
remains exclusively with Credit Risk Management.
Strategic Corporate Lending concentrates on two primary objectives within the credit risk framework to enhance risk
management discipline, improve returns and use capital more efficiently:
– To reduce single-name credit risk concentrations within the credit portfolio and
– To manage credit exposures by utilizing techniques including loan sales, securitization (significant risk transfer) via
collateralized loan obligations, sub-participations and single-name and portfolio credit default swaps
Netting and collateral arrangements for derivatives and securities financing transactions
Netting is applicable to both exchange traded derivatives and OTC derivatives (whether cleared or uncleared). Netting is
also applied to securities financing transactions (e.g. repurchase, securities lending and margin lending transactions) as far
as documentation, structure and nature of the risk mitigation allow netting with the underlying credit risk in accordance
with applicable law and the bank’s Financial Contracts Netting and Collateral KOD – Legal ( “Netting Policy”). While crossproduct netting between derivatives and securities financing transactions may be used in certain cases, the bank does not
make use of cross-product netting for regulatory purposes.
All exchange traded derivatives are cleared through Central Counterparties (CCPs) , which interpose themselves between
the trading entities by becoming the counterparty to each of the entities. Where legally required or where available and to
the extent agreed with the bank’s counterparties, Deutsche Bank also uses CCP clearing for its OTC derivative transactions.

88

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

The Dodd-Frank Act and related Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) rules require CCP clearing in the United
States for certain standardized OTC derivative transactions, including certain interest rate swaps and index credit default
swaps, subject to limited exceptions when facing certain counterparties. The European Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 on
OTC Derivatives, CCPs and Trade Repositories (EMIR) and the Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2015/2205, (EU)
2015/592 and (EU) 2016/1178 based thereupon introduced mandatory CCP clearing in the EU for certain standardized
OTC derivatives transactions. Mandatory CCP clearing in the EU began for certain interest rate derivatives on June 21,
2016 and for certain iTraxx-based credit derivatives and additional interest rate derivatives on February 9, 2017. Article 4
(2) of EMIR authorizes competent authorities to exempt intragroup transactions from mandatory CCP clearing, provided
certain requirements, such as full consolidation of the intragroup transactions and the application of an appropriate
centralized risk evaluation, measurement and control procedure are met. The bank successfully applied for the clearing
exemption for a number of its regulatory-consolidated subsidiaries with intragroup derivatives, including e.g., Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. As of December 31, 2024, the bank is allowed to make use of
intragroup exemptions from the EMIR clearing obligation for a number of bilateral intragroup relationships. The extent of
the exemptions differs as not all entities enter into relevant transaction types subject to the clearing obligation. Of the
intragroup relationships, some are relationships where both entities are established in the European Union (EU) for which
a full exemption has been granted, and most are relationships where one is established in a third country (“Third Country
Relationship”). Third Country Relationships required repeat applications for each new asset class being subject to the
clearing obligation; the process took place in the course of 2017. Due to “Brexit”, the status of some group entities has
changed from an EU entity to a third country entity, but there has been no impact for the bank in respect clearing
exemptions. Due to amendments of EMIR entering into force 24 December 2024, there are some changes to the intragroup
exemption requirements, but, as a matter of principle, Deutsche Bank will be able to continue to use pre-existing clearing
exemptions.
The rules and regulations of CCPs typically provide for the bilateral set off of all amounts payable on the same day and in
the same currency (“payment netting”) thereby reducing the bank’s settlement risk. Depending on the business model
applied by the CCP, this payment netting applies either to all of the bank’s derivatives cleared by the CCP or at least to
those that form part of the same class of derivatives. Many CCPs’ rules and regulations also provide for the termination,
close-out and netting of all cleared transactions upon the CCP’s default (“close-out netting”), which reduces the bank’s
credit risk. In its risk measurement and risk assessment processes Deutsche Bank applies close-out netting only to the
extent Deutsche Bank believes that the relevant CCP’s close-out netting provisions are legally valid and enforceable and
have been approved in accordance with the bank’s Netting Policy.
In order to reduce the credit risk resulting from OTC derivative transactions, where CCP clearing is not available, Deutsche
Bank regularly seeks the execution of standard master agreements (such as master agreements for derivatives published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) or the German Master Agreement for Financial
Derivative Transactions with the bank’s counterparties. A master agreement allows for the close-out netting of rights and
obligations arising under derivative transactions that have been entered into under such a master agreement upon the
counterparty’s default, resulting in a single net claim owed by or to the counterparty. Payment netting may be agreed from
time to time with the bank’s counterparties for multiple transactions having the same payment dates (e.g., foreign
exchange transactions) pursuant to the terms of master agreements which can, reduce the bank’s settlement risk. In its
risk measurement and risk assessment processes Deutsche Bank applies close-out netting only to the extent Deutsche
Bank has concluded that the master agreement is legally valid and enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and the
recognition of close-out netting has been approved in accordance with the bank’s Netting Policy .
Deutsche Bank also enters into credit support annexes (CSAs) to master agreements in order to further reduce the bank’s
derivatives-related credit risk. These annexes generally provide risk mitigation through periodic, usually daily, margining of
the covered exposure. The CSAs also provide for the right to terminate the related derivative transactions upon the
counterparty’s failure to honor a margin call. As with netting, when Deutsche Bank believes the annex is enforceable,
Deutsche Bank reflects this in its exposure measurement.
Certain CSAs to master agreements provide for rating-dependent triggers, where additional collateral must be pledged if
a party’s rating is downgraded. Deutsche Bank also enters into master agreements that provide for an additional
termination event upon a party’s rating downgrade. These downgrade provisions in CSAs and master agreements usually
apply to both parties but in some agreements may apply to Deutsche Bank only. Deutsche Bank analyzes and monitors its
potential contingent payment obligations resulting from a rating downgrade in its stress testing and liquidity coverage
ratio approach for liquidity risk on an ongoing basis. For an assessment of the quantitative impact of a downgrading of the
bank’s credit rating please refer to table “Stress Testing Results” in the section “Liquidity Risk”.

89

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

The Dodd-Frank Act and CFTC rules thereunder, including CFTC rule § 23.504, as well as EMIR and Commission Delegated
Regulation based thereon, namely Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/2251, introduced the mandatory use of
master agreements and related CSAs, which must be executed prior to or contemporaneously with entering into an
uncleared OTC derivative transaction. Certain documentation is also required by the U.S. margin rules adopted by U.S.
prudential regulators. Under the U.S. prudential regulators’ margin rules, Deutsche Bank is required to post and collect
initial margin for its derivatives exposures with other derivatives dealers, as well as with the bank’s counterparties that (a)
are “financial end users,” as that term is defined in the U.S. margin rules, and (b) have an average daily aggregate notional
amount of uncleared swaps, uncleared security-based swaps, foreign exchange forwards and foreign exchange swaps
exceeding U.S.$ 8 billion in June, July and August of the previous calendar year. The U.S. margin rules additionally requires
Deutsche Bank to post and collect variation margin for its derivatives with other derivatives dealers and certain financial
end user counterparties. These margin requirements are subject to a U.S.$ 50 million threshold for initial margin, but no
threshold for variation margin, with a combined U.S.$ 500,000 minimum transfer amount. The U.S. margin requirements
have been in effect for large banks since September 2016, with additional variation margin requirements having come into
effect March 1, 2017 and additional initial margin requirements having been phased in from September 2017 through
September 2022.
Under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/2251, which implements the EMIR margin requirements, the CSA
must provide for daily valuation and daily variation margining based on a zero threshold and a minimum transfer amount
of not more than € 500,000. For large derivative exposures exceeding € 8 billion, initial margin has to be posted as well.
The variation margin requirements under EMIR apply as of March 1, 2017; the initial margin requirements originally were
subject to a staged phase-in until September 1, 2021. However, legislative changes published on February 17, 2021
extended deadlines into 2022. Under Article 31 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/2251, an EU party may
decide to not exchange margin with counterparties in certain non-netting jurisdictions provided certain requirements are
met. Pursuant to Article 11 (5) to (10) of EMIR, competent authorities are authorized to exempt intragroup transactions
from the margining obligation, provided certain requirements are met. While some of those requirements are the same as
for the EMIR clearing exemptions (see above), there are additional requirements such as the absence of any current or
foreseen practical or legal impediment to the prompt transfer of funds or repayment of liabilities between intragroup
counterparties. The bank is making use of this exemption. The bank has successfully applied for the collateral exemption
for some of its regulatory-consolidated subsidiaries with intragroup derivatives, including, e.g., Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc. and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. As of December 31, 2023, the bank is allowed to use intragroup exemptions from
the EMIR collateral obligation for a number of bilateral intragroup relationships which are published under db.com/legalresources/european-market-infrastructure-regulation/intra-group-exemptions-margining. For some bilateral intragroup
relationships, the EMIR margining exemption may be used based on Article 11 (5) of EMIR, i.e. without the need for any
application or publication, because both entities are established in the same EU Member State. For third country
subsidiaries, the intragroup exemption was originally limited until the earlier of June 30, 2022 and four months after the
publication of an equivalence decision by the EU Commission under Article 13(2) EMIR, unless, in the case of an
equivalence decision being applicable, a follow-up exemption application is made and granted. On February 13, 2023, an
amendment to Regulation (EU) 2016/2251 has been published in the Official Journal, which amendment relates to the
extension of the exemption end date until June 30, 2025. With the EMIR amendments having entered into force on
24 December 2024 (Regulation (EU) 2024/2987), a so-called “equivalence decision” is no longer a requirement for a margin
exemption. As a matter of principle, Deutsche Bank will be able to continue to use pre-existing margin exemptions.
Concentrations within credit risk mitigation
Concentrations within credit risk mitigations taken may occur if a number of guarantors and credit derivative providers
with similar economic characteristics are engaged in comparable activities with changes in economic or industry
conditions affecting their ability to meet contractual obligations. Concentration risk may also occur in collateral portfolios
(e.g. multiple claims and receivables against third parties) which are considered conservatively within the valuation process
and/or on-site inspections where applicable. Deutsche Bank uses a range of tools and metrics to monitor its credit risk
mitigating activities and potential concentrations.
For more qualitative and quantitative details in relation to the application of credit risk mitigation and potential
concentration effects please refer to the section “Maximum exposure to credit risk”.

90

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Managing credit risk on portfolio level
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Portfolio sets the framework for the management of concentration risks at a portfolio
level. This includes strategically setting, monitoring, reviewing, reporting, and controlling credit risk appetites across
various dimensions such as Deutsche Bank Group, Corporate Division, Business Unit , legal entity, branch, country, and
industry level that need to be considered in the context of credit approvals. ERM Portfolio is also responsible for calibrating
and monitoring the single name counterparty concentration grid that provides guidance to credit officers on limit sizing at
counterparty level. In addition, ERM Portfolio provides a comprehensive and holistic view of the bank’s risk profile across
risk types.
On a portfolio level, significant concentrations of credit risk could result from having material exposures to a number of
counterparties with similar economic characteristics, or who are engaged in comparable activities, where these similarities
may cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be affected in the same manner by changes in economic or
industry conditions.
Deutsche Bank’s portfolio management framework supports a comprehensive assessment of concentrations within its
credit risk portfolio in order to keep concentrations within acceptable levels.
Emerging Risks and portfolio developments are discussed at the monthly Credit Risk and Portfolio Management Forum
which includes representation from senior credit risk managers including the Head of Credit Risk Management, as well as
ERM Portfolio.
Industry risk management
To manage industry risk, Deutsche Bank has grouped its corporate and financial institutions counterparties into various
industry sub-portfolios. Portfolios are regularly reviewed at least on an annual basis. Reviews highlight industry
developments and risks to the bank’s credit portfolio, review cross-risk concentration risks, analyze the risk/reward profile
of the portfolio and incorporate the results of an economic downside stress test. Finally, this analysis is used to define the
credit strategies and risk appetite for respective industries. The setting of industry risk appetite takes into consideration
the group-wide credit risk appetite.
In the bank’s industry risk management framework, thresholds are established by ERM for aggregate credit limits to
counterparties within each industry sub-portfolio. For risk management purposes, the aggregation of limits across industry
sectors follows an internal risk view that does not have to be congruent with NACE (Nomenclature des Activities
Economiques dans la Communate Europeenne) code-based view applied elsewhere in this report. Regular industry
portfolio overviews are prepared for the Enterprise Risk Committee to discuss recent risk developments and to agree on
risk management actions where necessary.
Beyond credit risk, the bank’s industry risk framework comprises of thresholds for Traded Credit Positions while key
industry relevant non-financial risks are considered.
Country risk management
Avoiding undue concentrations from a regional and country perspective is also an integral part of the bank’s credit risk
management framework. In order to achieve this, country risk thresholds are applied to countries in Non-Japan Asia,
Central Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa and Latin America as well as selected Developed Markets countries (based
on internal country risk ratings). These thresholds are set for all counterparties based on their assigned specific ‘country of
risk’, which reflects a counterparty’s main (macro) economic risk, balance sheet earnings, jurisdiction, or other financial
dependencies. Country of risk is typically aligned with the counterparty’s 'country of domicile’.
Country portfolios are regularly reviewed with the frequency of review dependent on portfolio size and risk profile as well
as risk developments. Larger/riskier portfolios are reviewed at least on an annual basis. These reviews assess amongst other
factors, key macroeconomic and political risk developments and outlook; portfolio composition, quality and cross-risk
concentrations under normal and stress conditions. Based on this and taking into account the Group’s Risk Appetite and
strategy, country risk appetite and strategies are set by ERM.

91

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

In addition to country thresholds, gap risk thresholds are set to control the country-on-country wrong-way risk exposure.
As such, for risk management purposes, the aggregation of exposures across countries follows an internal risk view that
may differ from the geographical exposure view applied elsewhere in this report. Beyond credit risk, the bank’s country risk
framework comprises thresholds for trading positions that measure the aggregate market value of traded credit risk
positions. For Emerging Markets, market risk thresholds are also set to measure the profit and loss impact under specific
country stress scenarios on trading positions across the bank’s portfolio. Furthermore, thresholds are set for capital and
intra-group funding exposure of Deutsche Bank entities in above countries given the transfer risk inherent in these crossborder positions. Key non-financial risks are considered and factored into financial threshold setting considerations where
relevant. Deutsche Bank’s country risk ratings represent a key tool in its assessment of country risk. They include:
– Sovereign rating (set and managed by ERM Risk Research): A measure of the probability of the sovereign defaulting on
its foreign or local currency obligations
– Transfer risk rating (set and managed by ERM Risk research): A measure of the probability of a “transfer risk event”, i.e.,
the risk that an otherwise solvent debtor is unable to meet its obligations due to inability to obtain foreign currency or
to transfer assets as a result of direct sovereign intervention
All sovereign and transfer risk ratings are reviewed, at least on an annual basis.
Climate and environmental risk management
The bank established a dedicated framework for the management of climate and environmental risks. The framework sets
out key requirements around governance, risk identification and materiality assessment, risk appetite, risk monitoring,
controls and stress testing.
Concentrations of climate and environmental risks are monitored, via dedicated reports, by key committees of the Bank
(e.g., Enterprise Risk Committee and the Group Risk Committee), and are managed through:
– Risk Appetite thresholds around the bank’s decarbonization targets, established for eight priority sectors (Upstream Oil
and Gas, Power Generation, Automotives - Light Duty, Steel, Coal Mining, Cement and Aviation) and the overall financed
emissions of the Corporate Loan Book
– Early Warning Indicators, established across different portfolios (Corporates, Sovereigns and Fis) for climate-transition,
climate-physical and nature-related risks
New transactions with a significant impact on the bank’s financed emissions and/or net-zero targets are reviewed by the
Group Net-Zero Forum consisting of senior representatives from the Business, Risk, and the Chief Sustainability Office.
The review of the forum’s members includes an assessment of client sustainability disclosures, transition strategies,
decarbonization targets and governance. New transactions must fit within Deutsche Bank’s internal sectoral risk appetite
aligned to net-zero targets. In 2024, the Group-level sectoral risk appetite metrics were cascaded to the divisions, to
enhance their responsibility and support their business strategies. In this context, dedicated Divisional Net-Zero Fora in
the Corporate Bank and the Investment Bank have been established.
Product/Asset class specific risk management
Complementary to the bank’s counterparty, industry and country risk approach, Deutsche Bank has a framework to
manage certain asset class risk concentrations and sets limits or thresholds where required for risk management purposes.
For purposes of DB’s internal portfolio risk management, asset classes are groups of financial exposures that exhibit similar
performance and behaviors in both normal operating conditions and under severe stress. The exposures in an asset class
will typically have a common characteristic or sensitivity to the same economic and/or market factors and business, legal
and regulatory developments. When such characteristic or sensitivity is triggered, transactions in the asset class may react
and perform in a similar manner. These are portfolios which the bank’s Risk division considers as having the potential for
sizeable tail risks and require additional monitoring. Group-wide credit risk appetite is considered in the setting of asset
class risk limits or thresholds.
Private Bank and certain Corporate Bank businesses are managed via product-specific strategies setting the bank’s risk
appetite for portfolios with similar credit risk characteristics, such as the retail portfolios of mortgages and consumer
finance products as well as products for business clients. Risk analyses are performed on portfolio level including further
breakdown into business units as well as countries/regions. In Wealth Management, target levels are set for global
concentrations along products as well as based on type and liquidity of collateral.

92

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Credit Risk Management

Underwriting of capital markets transactions
Specific focus is placed on transactions with underwriting risks where Deutsche Bank underwrites commitments with the
intention to sell down or distribute part of the risk to third parties. These commitments include the undertaking to provide
bank loans for syndication into the debt capital market and bridge loans for the issuance of notes. The inherent risks of
being unsuccessful in the distribution of the facilities or the placement of the notes, comprise of a delayed distribution,
funding of the underlying loans as well as a pricing risk as some underwriting commitments are additionally exposed to
market risk in the form of widening credit spreads. Where applicable, Deutsche Bank dynamically hedges this credit spread
risk to be within the approved market risk limit framework.
A major asset class, in which Deutsche Bank is active in underwriting, is leverage lending, which Deutsche Bank mainly
executes through its Leveraged Debt Capital Markets business unit. The business model is a fee-based‚ originate to
distribute approach focused on the distribution of largely unfunded underwriting commitments into the capital market.
The afore-mentioned risks regarding distribution and credit spread movement apply to this business unit, however, are
managed under a range of specific notional as well as market risk limits. The latter require the business to also hedge its
underwriting pipeline against market dislocations. The fee-based model of the bank’s Leveraged Debt Capital Markets
business unit includes a restrictive approach to single-name risk concentrations retained on Deutsche Bank’s balance
sheet, which results in a diversified overall portfolio without any material concentrations. The resulting longer-term onbalance sheet portfolio is also subject to a comprehensive credit limit and hedging framework.
Deutsche Bank also provides material underwriting activity through its Debt Capital Markets desk which is focused on
supporting Investment Grade and cross-over rated corporate borrowers, usually in connection with M&A transaction
financing. These exposures are typically 12-24 month bridge loans, which are expected to be repaid by syndicated loans
and/or capital markets issuance by the borrower. Deutsche Bank does not bear market placement or pricing risk on these
exposures but faces funding risk and credit risk for the duration of the commitment, which are managed through notional
underwriting limits for the Group and an industry concentration framework.

93

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

Market Risk Management
Market Risk framework
The vast majority of Deutsche Bank’s businesses are subject to market risk, defined as the potential for change in the
market value of the Group’s trading and invested positions. Risk can arise from changes in interest rates, credit spreads,
foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and other relevant parameters, such as market volatility and
market implied default probabilities. The market risk can affect accounting, economic and regulatory views of the
exposure.
Market Risk Management is part of Deutsche Bank’s independent Risk function and sits within the Market and Valuations
Risk Management group. One of the primary objectives of Market Risk Management is to ensure that the business units’
risk exposure is within the approved risk appetite commensurate with its defined strategy. To achieve this objective, Market
Risk Management works closely together with risk takers (“the business units”) and other control and support groups.
The Group distinguishes between three substantially different types of market risk:
– Trading market risk arises primarily through the market-making and client facilitation activities of the Investment Bank
division. This involves taking positions in debt, equity, foreign exchange, other securities and commodities as well as in
equivalent derivatives
– Traded default risk arising from defaults and rating migrations relating to trading instruments
– Non-trading market risk arises from market movements, primarily outside the activities of the trading units, in the
banking book and from off-balance sheet items; this includes interest rate risk, credit spread risk, investment risk and
foreign exchange risk as well as market risk arising from pension schemes, guaranteed funds and equity compensation;
non-trading market risk also includes risk from the modeling of client deposits as well as savings and loan products
Market Risk Management governance is designed and established to promote oversight of all market risks, effective
decision-making and timely escalation to senior management.
Market Risk Management defines and implements a framework to systematically identify, assess, monitor and report the
Group’s market risk. Market risk managers identify market risks through active portfolio analysis and engagement with the
business units.

Market Risk measurement
The Group aims to accurately measure all types of market risks by a comprehensive set of risk metrics embedding
accounting, economic and regulatory considerations.
The market risks are measured by several internally developed key risk metrics and regulatory defined market risk
approaches.

Trading Market Risk
The Group’s primary mechanism to manage trading market risk is the application of the bank’s risk appetite framework of
which the limit framework is a key component. The Management Board, supported by Market Risk Management, sets
group-wide value-at-risk, economic capital and portfolio stress testing limits for market risk in the trading book. Market
Risk Management allocates this overall appetite to the Corporate Divisions and their individual business units based on
established and agreed business plans. Deutsche Bank also has business aligned heads within Market Risk Management
who establish business unit limits, by allocating the limit down to individual portfolios, geographical regions and types of
market risks.
Value-at-risk, economic capital and portfolio stress testing limits are used for managing all types of market risk at an overall
portfolio level. As an additional and important complementary tool for managing certain portfolios or risk types, Market
Risk Management performs risk analysis and business specific stress testing. Limits are also set on sensitivity and
concentration/liquidity, exposure, business-level stress testing and event risk scenarios, taking into consideration business
plans and the risk versus return assessment.
Business units are responsible for adhering to the limits against which exposures are monitored and reported. The market
risk limits set by Market Risk Management are monitored on a daily, weekly and monthly basis, dependent on the risk
management tool being used.

94

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

Internally developed Market Risk Models
Value-at-Risk (VaR)
VaR is a quantitative measure of the potential loss (in value) of Fair Value positions due to market movements that should
not be exceeded in a defined period of time and with a defined confidence level.
The Group’s value-at-risk for the trading businesses is based on historical simulation model (internal model approach)
predominantly utilizing full revaluation, although some portfolios remain on a sensitivity-based approach. The approach is
used for both Risk Management and capital requirements.
Risk management VaR is calibrated to a 99% confidence level and a one day holding period. This means we estimate there
is a 1 in 100 chance that a mark-to-market loss from our trading positions will be at least as large as the reported VaR. For
regulatory capital purposes, the VaR model is calibrated to a 99% confidence interval and a ten day holding period.
The calculation employs a historical simulation technique that uses one year of historical market data as input and
observed correlations between the risk factors during this one year period.
The VaR model is designed to take into account a comprehensive set of risk factors across all asset classes. Key risk factors
are swap/government curves, index and issuer-specific credit curves, single equity and index prices, foreign exchange
rates, commodity prices as well as their implied volatilities. To help ensure completeness in the risk coverage, second order
risk factors, e.g., money market basis, implied dividends, option-adjusted spreads and precious metals lease rates are also
considered in the VaR calculation. The list of risk factors included in the VaR model is reviewed regularly and enhanced as
part of ongoing model performance reviews.
The model incorporates both linear and, especially for derivatives, nonlinear impacts predominantly through a full
revaluation approach but it also utilizes a sensitivity-based approach for certain portfolios. The full revaluation approach
uses the historical changes to risk factors as input to pricing functions. Whilst this approach is computationally expensive,
it does yield a more accurate view of market risk for nonlinear positions, especially under stressed scenarios. The sensitivitybased approach uses sensitivities to underlying risk factors in combination with historical changes to those risk factors.
For each business unit a separate VaR is calculated for each risk type, e.g., interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity risk,
foreign exchange risk and commodity risk. “Diversification effect” reflects the fact that the total VaR on a given day will be
lower than the sum of the VaR relating to the individual risk types. Simply adding the VaR figures of the individual risk types
to arrive at an aggregate VaR would imply the assumption that the losses in all risk types occur simultaneously.
The VaR enables the Group to apply a consistent measure across the fair value exposures. It allows a comparison of risk in
different businesses, and also provides a means of aggregating and netting positions within a portfolio to reflect
correlations and offsets between different asset classes. Furthermore, it facilitates comparisons of the market risk both
over time and against the daily trading results.
When using VaR results a number of considerations should be taken into account. These include:
– The use of historical market data may not be a good indicator of potential future events, particularly those that are
extreme in nature; this “backward-looking” limitation can cause VaR to understate future potential losses (as in financial
credit crisis 2008/09), but can also cause it to be overstated immediately following a period of significant stress (as in
COVID-19 pandemic)
– The one day holding period does not fully capture the market risk arising during periods of illiquidity, when positions
cannot be closed out or hedged within one day
– VaR does not indicate the potential loss beyond the 99th quantile
– Intra-day risk is not reflected in the end of day VaR calculation
– There may be risks in the trading or banking book that are not fully captured in the VaR model (either partially captured
or missing entirely)
The process of systematically capturing and evaluating risks currently not captured in the bank’s VaR model has been
further developed and improved. An assessment is made to determine the level of materiality of these risks and material
risks are prioritized for inclusion in the bank’s internal model. Risks not in VaR are monitored and assessed on a regular basis
through the Risk Not In VaR (RNIV) framework. This framework is consistent with the Historical Simulation approach which
in turn yields a more accurate estimate of the contribution of these missing items and their potential capitalization.
Deutsche Bank is committed to the ongoing development of the internal risk models, and substantial resources are
allocated to review, validate and improve them.

95

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

Stressed Value-at-Risk
Stressed Value-at-Risk (SVaR) calculates a stressed value-at-risk measure based on a one year period of significant market
stress. The Group calculates a stressed value-at-risk measure using a 99% confidence level. Stressed VaR is calculated with
a holding period of ten days. The SVaR calculation utilizes the same systems, trade information and processes as those
used for the calculation of value-at-risk. The only difference is that historical market data and observed correlations from
a period of significant financial stress (i.e., characterized by high volatilities) are used as an input for the historical
simulation.
The stress period selection process for the stressed value-at-risk calculation is based on the comparison of VaR calculated
using historical time windows compared to the current SVaR. If a historical window produces a VaR which is higher than
the current SVaR, it is further investigated and the SVaR window can subsequently be updated accordingly. This process
runs on a quarterly basis.
During 2024, the stress period selection process for the Group was conducted as outlined above. As a result, the SVaR
window used at various periods in 2024 included the financial credit crisis of 2008/09, the European sovereign crisis of
2011/12 and COVID-19 crisis of 2019/20.

Incremental Risk Charge
Incremental Risk Charge captures default and credit rating migration risks for credit-sensitive positions in the trading book.
The Group uses a Monte Carlo Simulation for calculating incremental risk charge as the 99.9% quantile of the portfolio loss
distribution over a one-year capital horizon under a constant position approach and for allocating contributory incremental
risk charge to individual positions.
The model captures the default and migration risk in an accurate and consistent quantitative approach for all portfolios.
Important parameters for the incremental risk charge calculation are exposures, recovery rates, maturities, ratings with
corresponding default and migration probabilities and parameters specifying issuer correlations.

Market Risk Standardized Approach
The Market Risk Standardized Approach (“MRSA”) is used to determine the regulatory capital charge for the specific market
risk of trading book securitizations, for certain types of investment funds and for longevity risk as set out in CRR/CRD
regulations.

Market Risk Stress Testing
Stress testing is a key risk management technique, which evaluates the potential effects of extreme market events and
movements in individual risk factors. It is one of the core quantitative tools used to assess the market risk of Deutsche
Bank’s positions and complements VaR and Economic Capital. Market Risk Management performs several types of stress
testing to capture the variety of risks (Portfolio Stress Testing, individual specific stress tests and Event Risk Scenarios) and
also contributes to Group-wide stress testing. These stress tests cover a wide range of severities designed to test the
earnings stability and capital adequacy of the bank.

Trading Market Risk Economic Capital
Deutsche Bank’s trading market risk economic capital model-scaled Stressed VaR based EC (SVaR based EC) - comprises
two core components, the “common risk” component covering risk drivers across all businesses and the “business-specific
risk” component, which enriches the Common Risk via a suite of Business Specific Stress Tests. Both components are
calibrated to historically observed severe market shocks. Common risk is calculated using a scaled version of the SVaR
framework while Business Specific Stress Tests are designed to capture more product/business-related bespoke risks (e.g.,
complex basis risks) as well as higher order risks not captured in the common risk component. The SVaR based EC uses the
Monte Carlo SVaR framework.

96

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

Traded Default Risk Economic Capital
The Traded Default Risk Economic Capital captures the relevant credit exposures across our trading and fair value banking
books. Trading book exposures are monitored by Market Risk Management via single name concentration and portfolio
thresholds which are set based upon rating, size and liquidity. Single name concentration risk thresholds are set for two
key metrics: Default Exposure, i.e., the P&L impact of an instantaneous default at the current recovery rate, and bond
equivalent Market Value, i.e., default exposure at 0% recovery. In order to capture diversification and concentration effects
we perform a joint calculation for traded default risk economic capital and credit risk economic capital. Important
parameters for the calculation of traded default risk are exposures, recovery rates and default probabilities as well as
maturities. The probability of joint rating downgrades and defaults is determined by the default and rating correlations of
the portfolio model. These correlations are specified through systematic factors that represent countries, geographical
regions and industries.

Trading Market Risk Reporting
Market Risk Management reporting creates transparency on the risk profile and facilitates the understanding of core
market risk drivers to all levels of the organization. The Management Board and Senior Governance Committees receive
regular reporting, as well as ad hoc reporting as required, on market risk, regulatory capital and stress testing. Senior Risk
Committees receive risk information at a number of frequencies, including weekly or monthly.
Additionally, Market Risk Management produces daily and weekly Market Risk specific reports and daily limit utilization
reports for each business owner.

Regulatory prudent valuation of assets carried at fair value
Pursuant to Article 34 CRR, institutions shall apply the prudent valuation requirements of Article 105 CRR to all assets
measured at fair value and shall deduct from CET 1 capital the amount of any additional value adjustments necessary.
Deutsche Bank determined the amount of the additional value adjustments based on the methodology defined in the
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/101.
As of December 31, 2024, the amount of the additional value adjustments was € 1.7 billion. The December 31, 2023,
amount was € 1.7 billion. No material changes noted year-on-year.
As of December 31, 2024, the reduction of the expected loss from subtracting the additional value adjustments was
€ 96 million, which partly mitigated the negative impact of the additional value adjustments on our CET 1 capital.

Non-trading Market Risk
Non-trading market risk arises primarily from activities outside of the trading units, in the banking book, including pension
schemes and guarantees, and embedding considerations of different accounting treatments of transactions. Significant
market risk factors the Group is exposed to and are overseen by risk management groups in that area are interest rate risk
(including risk from embedded optionality and changes in behavioral patterns for certain product types), credit spread risk,
foreign exchange risk (including structural foreign exchange risk), equity risk (including equity compensation related risk
and investments in public and private equity as well as real estate, infrastructure and fund assets).
As for trading market risks the Group’s risk appetite and limit framework is also applied to manage our exposure to nontrading market risk. On group level those are captured by the management board set limits for market risk economic capital
capturing exposures to all market risks across asset classes as well as earnings and economic value based limits for interest
rate risk in the banking books. Those limits are cascaded down by market risk management to the divisional or portfolio
level. The limit framework for non-trading market risk exposure is further complemented by a set of business specific stress
tests, value-at-risk & sensitivity limits monitored on a daily or monthly basis dependent on the risk measure being used.

97

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current or prospective risk, to both the Group's capital and earnings,
arising from movements in interest rates, which affect the Group's banking book exposures. This includes gap risk, which
arises from the term structure of banking book instruments, basis risk, which describes the impact of relative changes in
interest rates for financial instruments that are priced using different interest rate curves, as well as option risk, which arises
from option derivative positions or from optional elements embedded in financial instruments.
The Group manages its IRRBB exposures using economic value as well as earnings based measures. The Group Treasury
function is mandated to manage the interest rate risk centrally, with Treasury Risk Management acting as 2nd Line of
Defense (LoD) independently assessing and challenging the implementation of the framework and adherence to the risk
appetite. Group Audit in its role as the 3rd LoD is accountable for providing independent and objective assurance on the
adequacy of the design, operating effectiveness and efficiency of the risk management system and systems of internal
control. The Group Asset & Liability Committee (“ALCo”) oversees and steers the Group’s structural interest risk position
with particular focus on banking book risks and the management of the net interest income. The ALCo monitors the
sensitivity of financial resources and associated metrics to key market parameters such as interest rate curves and oversees
adherence to divisional/business financial resource limits.
Economic value based measures look at the change in economic value of banking book assets, liabilities and off-balance
sheet exposures resulting from interest rate movements, independent of the accounting treatment. Thereby the Group
measures the change in economic value of equity (∆EVE) as the maximum decrease of the banking book economic value
under the six standard scenarios defined by the EBA in addition to internal stress scenarios for risk steering purposes. For
the reporting of internal stress scenarios and risk appetite the Group applies a few different modelling assumptions as used
in this disclosure. When aggregating the economic value of equity ∆EVE across different currencies, DB adds up negative
and positive changes without applying weight factors for positive changes. Furthermore, the Group is using behavioral
model assumptions about the interest rate duration of own equity capital as well as non-maturity deposits from financial
institutions.
Earnings-based measures look at the expected change in net interest income (NII) resulting from interest rate movements
over a defined time horizon, compared to a defined benchmark scenario. Thereby the Group measures net interest income
∆NII as the maximum reduction under the six standard scenarios defined by the EBA in addition to internal stress scenarios
for risk steering purposes, compared to a market implied curve scenario, over a period of 12 months.
The Group employs mitigation techniques to hedge the interest rate risk arising from non-trading positions within given
limits. The interest rate risk arising from non-trading asset and liability positions is managed through Treasury Markets &
Investments. Thereby the Group uses derivatives and applies different hedge accounting techniques such as fair value
hedge accounting or cash flow hedge accounting. For fair value hedges, the Group uses interest rate swaps and options
contracts to manage the fair value movements of fixed rate financial instruments due to changes in benchmark interest.
For hedges in the context of the cash flow hedge accounting, the Group uses interest rate swaps to manage the exposure
to cash flow variability of the variable rate instruments as a result of changes in benchmark interest rates.
The Group assesses and measures hedge effectiveness of a hedging relationship based on the change in the fair value or
cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument relative to the change in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item
attributable to the hedged risk.
The “Model Risk Management” function performs independent validation of models used for IRRBB measurement, as for
all market risk models, in line with Deutsche Bank’s group-wide risk governance framework.
The calculation of VaR and sensitivities of interest rate risk is performed daily, whereas the measurement and reporting of
economic value interest rate and earnings risk is performed on a monthly basis. The Group generally uses the same metrics
in its internal management systems as it applies for the disclosure in this report.
Deutsche Bank’s key modelling assumptions are applied to the positions in the Private Bank and Corporate Bank divisions.
Those positions are subject to risk of changes in client’s behavior with regard to their deposits as well as loan products.
The Group regularly tests the assumptions and updates them where appropriate following a defined governance process.
In particular, the Group has made changes to its assumptions during the early phase of rising interest rates where a slower
repricing in deposits was observed than it was anticipated.

98

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

The Group manages the interest rate risk exposure of its non-maturity deposits through a replicating portfolio approach
to determine the average repricing maturity of the portfolio. For the purpose of constructing the replicating portfolio, the
portfolio of non-maturity deposits is clustered by dimensions such as business unit, currency, product and geographical
location. The main dimensions influencing the repricing maturity are elasticity of deposit rates to market interest rates,
volatility of deposit balances and observable client behavior. For the reporting period the average repricing maturity
assigned across all such replicating portfolios is 2.40 years and Deutsche Bank uses 15 years as the longest repricing
maturity.
In the loan and some of the term deposit products Deutsche Bank considers early prepayment/withdrawal behavior of its
customers. The parameters are based on historical observations, statistical analyses and expert assessments.
Furthermore, the Group generally calculates IRRBB related metrics in contractual currencies and aggregates the resulting
metrics for reporting purposes. When calculating economic value based metrics the commercial margin is excluded for
material parts of the balance sheet.

Credit spread risk in the banking book
Deutsche Bank is exposed to credit spread risk in the Banking Book (CSRBB) mainly from bonds held by Treasury for
liquidity reserve and asset liability interest rate risk management activities. The credit spread risk in the banking book is
managed by the businesses, with Market Risk Management acting as an independent oversight function ensuring that the
exposure is within the approved risk appetite. The perimeter for the measurement and monitoring of CSRBB exposure
extends beyond fair value assets and liabilities and also includes positions accounted for at amortized cost whose pricing
is linked to an observable market benchmark. The calculation of credit spread sensitivities and value-at-risk for material
credit spread exposure is in general performed on a daily basis, the measurement and reporting of economic capital and
specific CSRBB stress tests are performed on a monthly basis.

Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk arises from non-trading asset and liability positions that are denominated in currencies other than
the functional currency of the respective entity. The majority of this foreign exchange risk is transferred through internal
hedges to trading books within the Investment Bank and is therefore reflected and managed via the value-at-risk figures
in the trading books. The remaining foreign exchange risks that have not been transferred are mitigated through match
funding the investment in the same currency, so that only residual risk remains in the portfolios. Small exceptions to above
approach follow the general Market Risk Management monitoring and reporting process, as outlined for the trading
portfolio.
The bulk of non-trading open foreign exchange risk arises from the foreign exchange translation of local capital into the
reporting currency of the Group and related capital hedge positions. Thereby structural open long positions are taken for
a selected number of relevant currencies to immunize the sensitivity of the capital ratio of the Group against changes in
the exchange rates.

Equity and investment risk
Non-trading equity risk is arising predominantly from our non-consolidated investment holdings in the banking book and
from our equity compensation plans.
Deutsche Bank’s non-consolidated equity investment holdings in the banking book are categorized into strategic and
alternative investment assets. Strategic investments typically relate to acquisitions made to support the bank’s business
franchise and are undertaken with a medium to long-term investment horizon. Alternative assets are comprised of principal
investments and other non-strategic investment assets. Principal investments are direct investments in private equity, real
estate, venture capital, hedge or mutual funds whereas assets recovered in the workout of distressed positions or other
legacy investment assets in private equity and real estate are of a non-strategic nature.
Investment proposals for strategic investments as well as monitoring of progress and performance against committed
targets are evaluated by the Group Investment Committee. Depending on size, strategic investments may require approval
from the Group Investment Committee, the Management Board or the Supervisory Board.

99

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Market Risk Management

Credit Risk Management Principal Investments is responsible for the risk-related governance and monitoring of our
alternative asset activities. The review of new or increased principal investment commitments is the task of the Principal
Investment Commitment Approval Group, established by the Enterprise Risk Committee as a risk management forum for
alternative asset investments. The Principal Investment Commitment Approval Group approves investments under its
authority or recommends decisions above its authority to the Management Board for approval. The Management Board
also sets investment limits for business divisions and various portfolios of risk upon recommendation by the Enterprise Risk
Committee.
The equity investment holdings are included in regular group wide stress tests and the monthly market risk economic
capital calculations.

Pension risk
The Group is exposed to market risks from defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. Market risks
in pension plans materialize due to a potential decline in the market value of plan assets or an increase in the present value
of the pension liability of each of the pension plans. Market Risk Management is responsible for a regular measurement,
monitoring, reporting and control of market risks of the asset and liability side of the defined benefit pension plans.
Thereby, market risks in pension plans include but are not restricted to interest rate risk, inflation risk, credit spread risk,
equity risk, and longevity risk. For further details on the Group’s defined benefit pension obligations and their management,
please refer to Note 33 “Employee Benefits” in the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” section.

Other risks in the banking book
Market risks in the Asset Management business primarily result from principal guaranteed funds or accounts, but also from
co-investments in the bank’s funds.

Non-trading Market Risk Economic Capital
Non-trading market risk economic capital is calculated either by applying the standard traded market risk EC methodology
or through the use of non-traded market risk models that are specific to each risk class and which consider, among other
factors, historically observed market moves, the liquidity of each asset class, and changes in client’s behavior in relation to
products with behavioral optionality.

100

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Operational risk management

Operational risk management
Operational Risk Management Framework
Deutsche Bank applies the European Banking Authority’s Single Rulebook definition of operational risk: “Operational risk
means the risk of losses stemming from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external
events. Operational risk includes legal risks but excludes business and reputational risk and is embedded in all banking
products and activities.” Operational risk forms a subset of the bank’s non-financial risks.
Deutsche Bank’s operational risk appetite sets out the amount of operational risk it is willing to accept as a consequence
of doing business. The bank takes on operational risks consciously, both strategically as well as in day-to-day business.
While the bank may have no appetite for certain types of operational risk events (such as violations of laws or regulations
and misconduct), in other cases a certain amount of operational risk must be accepted if the bank is to achieve its business
objectives. In case a residual risk is assessed to be outside risk appetite, risk reducing actions must be undertaken, including
remediating the risks, insuring risks or ceasing business.
The Operational Risk Management Framework is a set of interrelated tools and processes that are used to identify, assess,
mitigate and monitor the bank’s operational risks. Its components have been designed to operate together to provide a
comprehensive, risk-based approach to managing the bank’s most material operational risks. Operational Risk
Management Framework components include the Group’s approach to setting and adhering to operational risk appetite,
the operational risk type and control taxonomies, the policies and procedures for operational risk management processes
including the respective tools, and the bank’s operational risk capital model.

Organizational and governance structure
While the day-to-day management of operational risk is the primary responsibility of business divisions and infrastructure
functions, where these risks are generated, Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM) oversees the Group-wide
management of operational risks, identifies, and reports risk concentrations, and promotes a consistent application of the
Operational Risk Management Framework across the bank. NFRM is part of the Group’s risk function, the Chief Risk Office,
which is headed by the Chief Risk Officer.
The Chief Risk Officer appoints the Head of NFRM, who is accountable for the design, oversight and maintenance of an
effective, efficient and regulatory compliant Operational Risk Management Framework, including the operational risk
capital model. The Head of NFRM monitors and challenges the Operational Risk Management Framework’s Group wide
implementation and monitors overall risk levels against the bank’s operational risk appetite.
The Non-Financial Risk Committee is responsible for the oversight, governance, and coordination of the management of
operational risk in the Group, by establishing a cross-risk and holistic perspective of the key operational risks of the Group.
Its decision-making and policy related authorities include the review, advice and management of all operational risk issues
that may impact the risk profile of business divisions and infrastructure functions. Several sub-fora with attendees from
both the 1st LoD and 2nd LoD support the Non-Financial Risk Committee to effectively fulfil its mandate. In addition to
the Group level Non-Financial Risk Committee, business divisions have established 1st LoD non-financial risk fora for the
oversight and management of operational risks on various levels of the organization.
The governance of operational risks follows the bank’s 3LoD approach to managing all of its financial and non-financial
risks. The Operational Risk Management Framework establishes the operational risk governance standards including the
core 1st and 2nd LoD roles and their responsibilities, to ensure effective risk management and appropriate independent
challenge.
Operational risk requirements for the 1st LoD: Risk owners as the 1st LoD have full accountability for their operational risks
and manage these against a defined risk appetite.
Risk owners are those roles in the bank whose activities generate - or who are exposed to - operational risks. As heads of
business divisions and infrastructure functions, they must determine the appropriate organizational structure to identify
their operational risk profile, actively manage these risks within their organization, take business decisions on the mitigation
or acceptance of operational risks to ensure they remain within risk appetite, and establish and maintain 1st LoD controls.
Operational risk requirements for the 2nd LoD: Risk Type Controllers act as the 2nd LoD control functions for all sub-risk
types under the overarching risk type “Operational Risk”.

101

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Operational risk management

Risk Type Controllers establish the framework and define Group level risk appetite statements for the specific operational
risk type they oversee. Risk Type Controllers define the minimum risk management and control standards and
independently monitor and challenge risk owners’ implementation of these standards in their day-to-day processes, as
well as their risk-taking and risk management activities. Risk Type Controllers provide independent operational risk
oversight and monitor the risk type’s profile against the defined risk appetite. As risk type experts, Risk Type Controllers
define the risk type and its taxonomy and support and facilitate the implementation of the risk type framework in the 1st
LoD. To maintain their independence, Risk Type Controller roles are located only in infrastructure functions.
Operational risk requirements for NFRM as the Risk Type Controller for the overarching risk type “Operational Risk”: As the
Risk Type Controller/risk control function for operational risk, NFRM establishes and maintains the overarching Operational
Risk Management Framework and determines the appropriate level of capital to underpin the Group’s operational risk.
– As the 2nd LoD risk control function, NFRM defines the bank’s approach to operational risk appetite and monitors its
adherence and consequences in case of operational risks outside the defined risk appetite. NFRM provides the oversight
of risk and control mitigation plans to return the bank’s operational risk into its defined risk appetite, where required; it
also establishes and regularly reports the bank’s operational risk profile including operational risks which are outside
the defined risk appetite.
– As the subject matter expert for operational risk, NFRM provides independent risk views to facilitate forward-looking
management of operational risks, actively engages with risk owners (1st LoD) and facilitates the implementation of risk
management and control standards across the bank
– NFRM is accountable for the design, implementation, and maintenance of the approach to determine the adequate
level of capital required for operational risk, for recommendation to the Management Board; This includes the
calculation and allocation of operational risk capital demand and expected loss under the Advanced Measurement
Approach (AMA)

Managing operational risk
To manage the broad range of sub-risk types underlying operational risk, the Operational Risk Management Framework
provides a set of tools and processes that apply to all operational risk types across the bank. These enable the bank to
determine its operational risk profile in relation to risk appetite for operational risk, to systematically identify operational
risk themes and concentrations, and to define risk mitigating measures and priorities.
In 2024, the bank continued to mature the management of Operational Risk. This was achieved through the enhancement
of the granularity of the Risk and Control Assessment; through the migration of the central control repository into a more
efficient application and by uplifting the Risk Appetite Framework.
Loss data collection: Data on internal and relevant external operational risk events (with a P&L impact ≥ € 10,000) is
independently validated in a timely manner. Material operational risk events trigger clearly defined lessons learned and
read-across analyses, which are performed in the 1st LoD in close collaboration between business partners, risk control
and other infrastructure functions. Lessons learned reviews analyze the reasons for significant operational risk events,
identify their root causes, and document appropriate remediation actions to reduce the likelihood of their reoccurrence.
Read across reviews take the conclusions of the lessons learned process and seek to analyze whether similar risks and
control weaknesses identified in a lessons learned review exist in other areas of the bank, even if they have not yet resulted
in problems or losses. This allows preventative actions to be undertaken.
Scenario analysis: The operational risk profile is complemented and further substantiated by incorporating exploratory
scenario analysis into day-to-day risk management activities. Scenario analysis is used as a risk identiﬁcation and
management tool that enables risk owners and Risk Type Controllers to explore potential exposure to risk as the basis for
identifying potential gaps in the banks existing operational risk profile. Furthermore, it is used as an input into the
calculation of the operational risk capital for the bank. Scenario storylines build on internal losses, emerging risk reviews,
top risks and risk concentrations, and findings, as well as the review of external peer operational risk loss events.
Information from actual and potential future loss events are systematically utilized to identify thematic susceptibilities
and actively seek to reduce the likelihood of similar incidents, for example through deep dive analyses or risk profile
reviews. In 2024, the new ‘Structured scenario’ approach was piloted, which allows for better quantification of potential
Operational Risks.

102

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Operational risk management

Risk & Control Assessment: The risk and control assessment process comprise of a series of bottom-up assessments of the
risks generated by business divisions and infrastructure functions, the effectiveness of the controls in place to manage
them, and the remediation actions required to bring the risks within the risk appetite. The Risk & Control Assessment is
performed at a global business level and as such covers all jurisdictions. It is designed to assist Senior Management to
determine whether operational risks are being managed and controlled adequately via a dynamic assessment approach
which covers all applicable Risk Types from the Group’s Non-Financial Risk Type Taxonomy (NFRTT). The Risk & Control
Assessment puts a greater emphasis on assessing and mitigating risks that are outside of appetite and risks that drive
unethical and inappropriate market conduct within the bank. In 2024, the RCA granularity was enhanced to provide
specific risk insights and ensuring a more accurate risk profile for comparison against the defined risk appetite.
Top risks: The Top Risk Reporting process is a regular process to identify the risks which pose greatest concern across
Group and divisions, in addition to ensuring there is commensurate remediation activity associated to mitigate the risk. The
associated Top Risk reporting provides a forward-looking perspective on the impact of top risk reduction programs,
comprising of planned remediation and control enhancements, indicating the expected timeframe for reduction. The
reporting also contains emerging risks and themes that have the potential to influence the top risk population in the future.
The top risk identification process is closely connected to both the risk and control assessment and risk appetite,
consuming the risk exposure from the former and the appetite levels from the latter to help inform the top risk population.
In 2024, the Top Risk Reporting Process was decommissioned and integrated into the risk appetite process.
Transformation Risk Assessment: To identify and appropriately manage risks from material change initiatives within the
bank, a transformation risk assessment process is in place to assess the impact of transformation (including bank’s future
joint ventures and strategic investments) on the bank’s risk profile and control environment. The assessment considers
impacts to financial and non-financial risk types and is mandatory for a subset of initiatives, categorized as key deliverables
(typically includes regulatory initiatives, technology migrations, remediation initiatives, strategy and organizational
changes).
Risk appetite: Non-financial risk appetite reflects the amount of non-financial risk the bank is willing to accept to pursue
its strategy. The non-financial risk appetite framework provides a common approach to define the level of risk appetite
across the firm and monitor exposure against this appetite. The operational risk profile is regularly monitored against the
bank’s defined risk appetite, to alert the organization on impending problems in a timely fashion. In 2024, the concept of
residual risk zones was further enhanced by introducing Operating Conditions the 1st LOD must operate within. This allows
for a more precise articulation of risk appetite for a given risk type including defined breach and consequences
management requirements.
Findings and issue management: The findings and issue management process facilitates mitigating the risks associated
with known control weaknesses and deficiencies, and enables management to make risk-based decisions over the need
for further remediation or risk acceptance. Outputs from the findings management process must be able to demonstrate
to internal and external stakeholders that the bank is actively identifying its control weaknesses and taking steps to
manage associated risks within acceptable levels of risk appetite.
Framework Adherence: Operational Risk Framework Adherence monitoring is a key activity to oversee, monitor and test
the conformity to OR Framework component requirements by key stakeholders in the 1st and 2nd LoD. Operational Risk
Framework Adherence results aim to proactively identify implementation improvements required of users of the OR
Framework and highlight potential Framework design improvements. In 2024 framework adherence consequence
management was enhanced whereby material adherence deficiencies identified through framework adherence reviews
will result in risk-identified issues against the responsible 1st or 2nd LoD function, unless a finding already exists to
appropriately remediate the deficiency identified.

103

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Operational risk management

Operational risk type frameworks
Operational risk is a risk type on the Group’s Risk Type Taxonomy. Together with Reputational Risk it forms Non-Financial
risk. The Operational Risk Management Framework is a set of interrelated tools and processes that are used to identify,
assess, measure, monitor and mitigate Deutsche Bank Group’s operational risks according to regulatory and industryestablished definition of operational risk. It applies to the operational sub-risk types on a more granular level and enables
the bank to aggregate and monitor its operational risk profile. These operational sub-risk types are controlled by various
infrastructure functions and include the following:
– The Compliance department performs an independent 2nd line control function that protects the bank’s license to
operate by promoting and enforcing compliance with the law and driving a culture of compliance and ethical conduct
in the bank. The Compliance department assists, reviews and challenges the business divisions and works with other
infrastructure functions and regulators to establish and maintain a risk-based approach to the management of the
bank’s compliance risks in accordance with the bank’s risk appetite and to help the bank detect, mitigate and prevent
breaches of laws, rules and regulations as well as internal policies. The Compliance department performs the following
principal activities: regulatory engagement and management in collaboration with Regulatory and Exam Management
Group; identification and assessment of new and changed laws, rules and regulations; acting as trusted advisor through
independent review and challenge; performing second line controls; the identification, assessment, mitigation,
monitoring and reporting on compliance risk; the results of these assessments and controls are regularly reported to
the Management Board and Supervisory Board.
– Financial crime risks are managed by the Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) function via maintenance and development of a
dedicated program; the AFC program is based on regulatory and supervisory requirements; AFC has defined roles and
responsibilities and established dedicated functions for the identification and management of financial crime risks
resulting from money laundering, terrorism financing, compliance with sanctions and embargoes, the facilitation of tax
evasion as well as other criminal activities including fraud, bribery and corruption and other crimes; AFC updates its
strategy for financial crime prevention via regular development of internal policies processes and controls, institutionspecific risk assessment and staff training
– Legal & Group Governance is a fully independent infrastructure function, mandated to provide legal advice both to the
Management Board as well as to the business divisions and infrastructure functions and to support the Management
Board in setting up and guarding Deutsche Bank’s Governance framework and manage the bank’s Legal and Governance
Risk. Legal has a monopoly for giving legal advice, retaining and controlling outside counsel.
The independency of Legal & Group Governance is ensured through
– a direct reporting line into the Management Board and not into any business division
– a ring-fenced incentive system and compensation where performance evaluation is tied principally to risk
management and not to business revenues
– Deutsche Bank’s New Product Approval and Systematic Product Review processes form a control framework designed
to manage the risks associated with new products and services and their lifecycle management; these processes are
overseen by Product Governance, within the Non-Financial Risk function; existing products and services are reviewed
in one- to three year cycles designed to assess whether they remain fit for purpose and consistent with their respective
target markets’ characteristics and objectives; each product or service must be sponsored by a business Managing
Director who bears ultimate accountability for it; breaches of the New Product Approval requirements are in scope of
the bank’s Red Flag consequence management process
– NFRM function includes the Risk Type Controller role for a number of non-financial and operational resilience risks; its
mandate includes second line oversight of controls over transaction processing activities, as well as infrastructure risks
to prevent technology or process disruption, maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data, records and
information security, and ensure business divisions and infrastructure functions have robust plans in place to recover
important business processes and functions in the event of disruption including technical or building outage, or the
effects of cyber-attack or natural disaster as well as any physical security or safety risk; NFRM Risk Type Controller also
manages the risks arising from the bank’s internal and external vendor engagements via the provision of a
comprehensive third party risk management framework.

104

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Operational risk management

Measuring Operational Risks
Deutsche Bank calculates and measures the regulatory and economic capital requirements for operational risk using the
Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA) methodology. The AMA capital calculation is based upon the loss distribution
approach. Gross losses from historical internal and external loss data (Operational Riskdata eXchange Association
consortium data) complemented by scenario data are used to estimate the risk profile (i.e., a loss frequency and a loss
severity distribution). The loss distribution approach model includes conservatism by recognizing losses on events that
arise over multiple years as single events in the historical loss profile.
Within the loss distribution approach model, the frequency and severity distributions are combined in a Monte Carlo
simulation to generate potential losses over a one-year time horizon. Finally, the risk mitigating benefits of insurance are
applied to each loss generated in the Monte Carlo simulation. Correlation and diversification benefits are applied to the
net losses in a manner compatible with regulatory requirements to arrive at a net loss distribution at Group level, covering
expected and unexpected losses. Capital is then allocated to each of the business divisions considering qualitative
adjustments after deducting expected loss.
The regulatory and economic capital requirements for operational risk is derived from the 99.9% percentile. Both
regulatory and economic capital requirements are calculated for a time horizon of one year.
The regulatory and economic capital demand calculations are performed on a quarterly basis. NFRM establishes and
maintains the approach for capital demand quantification and ensures that appropriate development, validation and
change governance processes are in place, whereby the validation is performed by an independent validation function and
in line with the Group’s model risk management process.
With the go-live of the European Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR3), the regulatory capital requirement will no
longer be based on the AMA methodology from 2025 onwards. Instead, the Standardized Measurement Approach for
operational risk will be used. Deutsche Bank will continue to apply the AMA methodology to calculate its economic capital
requirement.

Drivers for operational risk capital development
By design of the AMA capital calculation, Deutsche Bank’s operational risk capital demand is predominantly driven by
historical internal loss events.
In view of the relevance of legal risks within the bank’s operational risk profile, specific attention is dedicated to the
management and measurement of open civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters where the bank relies both on
information from internal as well as external data sources to consider developments in legal matters that affect the bank
specifically but also the banking industry as a whole. Reflecting the multi-year nature of legal proceedings the
measurement of these risks furthermore takes into account changing levels of certainty by capturing the risks at various
stages throughout the lifecycle of a legal matter.
Conceptually, the bank measures operational risk including legal risk by determining the annual operational risk loss that
will not be exceeded with a given probability. This loss amount is driven by a component that due to the IFRS criteria is
reflected in the bank’s financial statements and a component beyond the amount reflected as provisions within the bank’s
financial statements.
The legal losses which the bank expects with a likelihood of more than 50% are already reflected in the IFRS group financial
statements. These losses include net changes in provisions for existing and new cases in a specific period where the loss is
deemed probable and is reliably measurable in accordance with IAS 37.
Uncertain legal losses which are not reflected in the bank’s financial statements as provisions because they do not meet
the recognition criteria under IAS 37 are considered within “regulatory or economic capital demand”.
To quantify the litigation losses in the AMA model, the bank takes into account historical losses, provisions, contingent
liabilities and legal forecasts. Legal forecasts generally comprise ranges of potential losses covering risks of outflows
greater than the provision and adjustments which are deemed remote or relate to yet unknown matters. Such forecasts
may result from ongoing and new legal matters which are reviewed at least quarterly by the attorneys handling the legal
matters.
The legal forecasts are included in the “relevant loss data” used in the AMA model. The projection range of the legal
forecasts is not restricted to the one year capital time horizon but goes beyond and conservatively assumes early
settlement of the underlying losses in the reporting period - thus considering the multi-year nature of legal matters.

105

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Liquidity risk management

Liquidity risk management
Liquidity risk arises from Deutsche Bank Group’s potential inability to meet payment obligations when they come due or
without incurring excessive costs. The Group’s risk taxonomy differentiates between two aspects of liquidity risk: Shortterm liquidity risk and Structural funding risk, both embedded in an overarching liquidity risk management framework. The
framework’s objective is to ensure that robust governance and controls are established within the Group to fulfil its
payment obligations (including intraday) at all times, including periods of stress and to manage its liquidity and funding
risks within the Management Board’s approved risk appetite, when executing the strategic plan. The framework considers
all relevant and significant drivers of liquidity risk, whether on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet.

Liquidity and funding risk framework
The Management Board defines the liquidity and funding risk strategy for the Group and sets the risk appetite, based on
recommendations made by the Group Risk Committee. The Management Board reviews and approves the risk appetite at
least annually. The risk appetite is applied at the Group level and to internally defined Key Liquidity Entities e.g., Deutsche
Bank AG to monitor and control liquidity risk as well as the Group’s long-term funding and issuance plan.
The Liquidity Risk Management Framework defines the organization of the liquidity managing functions in alignment with
the three lines of defense structure, which is described in the “Risk Management Policy”. The Corporate Divisions and
Treasury comprise the first line of defense, responsible for executing the steps needed to most effectively manage the
liquidity of the Group and steer business activities. CRO comprises the second line of defense, responsible for defining the
liquidity risk management framework, providing independent risk oversight, challenge, and validation of activities
conducted by the first line of defense, including establishing the risk appetite. Group Audit comprises the third line of
defense, responsible for overseeing the activities of both the first line of defense and second line of defense.
The Group Asset and Liability Committee is the Group’s decision making governing body mandated by the Management
Board to optimize the sourcing and deployment of the Group’s balance sheet and financial resources in line with the
Management Board’s risk appetite and strategy. The Group Asset and Liability Committee has the overarching
responsibility to define, approve and optimize the Group’s funding strategy. Regarding the second line of defense the
Group Risk Committee is mandated by the Management Board with decision-making authority regarding material riskrelated topics. In addition, it reviews and recommends items for the Management Board’s approval, including key risk
management principles, the Group’s risk appetite statement, recovery plan, the contingency funding plan, over-arching
risk appetite parameters, and recovery and escalation indicators.
The Group’s liquidity risk management principles are documented in the “Group Liquidity Risk Management Policy” and
the framework is described in the “Global Liquidity Risk Framework” and “Global Funding Risk Framework” documents.
Both the policy and framework documents adhere to and articulate how the eight key risk management practices are
applied to liquidity risk, with such key practices including risk governance, risk organization (3 lines of defense), risk culture,
risk appetite and -strategy, risk identification and -assessment, risk mitigation and controls, risk measurement and
reporting, stress planning and -execution. The individual roles and responsibilities relevant to each of these practices are
laid out and documented in the Global Responsibility Matrix for liquidity risk, which provides further clarity and
transparency on the roles and responsibilities across all involved stakeholders. All additional procedures and supporting
documents (both global and local) issued by the liquidity risk management functions further define the requirements
specific to liquidity risk practices. All these procedures are subordinate to the “Group Liquidity Risk Management Policy”
and are subject to the standards it sets forth.
In accordance with the European Central Bank’s Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (and revised Internal Liquidity
Adequacy Assessment Process requirement issued in November 2018), the Group has implemented an Internal Liquidity
Adequacy Assessment Process, which is assessed, documented and reviewed at least annually and approved by the
Management Board.
As part of an annual strategic planning process, Treasury projects the development of the key liquidity and funding metrics
including the U.S. Dollar currency exposure based on anticipated business activities to ensure that the strategic plan can
be executed in accordance with the Group’s risk appetite.

106

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Liquidity risk management

Risk appetite and control setting
The Group’s liquidity risk appetite, which is defined through qualitative principles and supporting quantitative metrics, is
laid out in the “Risk Appetite Statement” and is subject to the standards defined in the “Risk Appetite Policy”. This Risk
Appetite Statement is further underpinned by the liquidity risk controls framework consisting of ”Key Limits” based on risk
appetite, as well as a suite of additional limits, thresholds and early warning indicators.
Deutsche Bank implemented a dedicated Risk Appetite framework covering regulatory Pillar 1 as well as internal stress
metrics (Pillar 2), thus ensuring that the Group’s liquidity position is balanced on a consolidated basis at the Group level as
well as across Key Liquidity Entities and across currencies.
Treasury manages liquidity and funding, in accordance with the risk appetite across a range of relevant metrics and
implements several tools including business level risk limits further cascading aspects of risk appetite to divisional level,
ensuring ease of compliance with business level risk limits. As such, Treasury works closely with Liquidity Risk Management
under its delegated authority and the business divisions to identify, analyze and monitor underlying liquidity risk
characteristics within business portfolios. These parties are engaged in regular dialogue regarding changes in the Group’s
liquidity position arising from business activities and market events.
Furthermore, the Group ensures at the level of each Liquidity Relevant Entity that all local liquidity metrics are managed
in compliance with the defined risk appetite. Local liquidity surpluses are pooled in Deutsche Bank AG hubs and local
liquidity shortfalls can be met through support from these hubs. Transfers of liquidity capacity between entities are subject
to the Intercompany Funding approval framework involving the Group’s liquidity steering function as well as the local
liquidity managers considering the compliance with Pillar 1 metrics including Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), Net Stable
Funding Ratio (NSFR) as well as the stressed Net Liquidity Position (sNLP), which is a Pillar 2 metric. Any available surplus
that resides in entities with restrictions on transferring liquidity to other Group entities, due to for example regulatory
lending requirements, is treated as trapped and as such not considered in the calculation of the consolidated Group
liquidity surplus.
The Management Board is informed about the Group’s performance against the key liquidity metrics, including the risk
appetite and internal and market indicators, via a weekly liquidity dashboard.

Liquidity risk monitoring and management
Finance teams - Liquidity & Treasury Reporting & Analysis (LTRA) and Global Reporting, together own the overall
accountability for the accurate and timely production of both external regulatory liquidity reporting (Pillar 1) as well as
internal management reporting (Pillar 2) for the liquidity risk of the Group. In addition, Liquidity & Treasury Reporting &
Analysis is responsible for the development of management information systems and the related analysis to support the
liquidity risk framework and its governance for Treasury and Liquidity Risk Management.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio
The LCR, which is also a key regulatory and risk appetite limit, is intended to promote the short-term resilience of a bank’s
liquidity risk profile over a 30-day stress scenario. The ratio is defined as the amount of High-Quality Liquid Assets that
could be used to raise liquidity in a stressed scenario, measured against the total volume of net cash outflows, arising from
both contractual and prescribed modelled exposures over a 30-day time horizon on a consolidated currency basis.
By maintaining a ratio in excess of the minimum regulatory requirements, the LCR seeks to ensure that the Group holds
adequate liquidity resources to mitigate a short-term liquidity stress.
An internal liquidity stress test position (sNLP) is also calculated and monitored to assist in liquidity steering. Key
differences between the internal liquidity stress test (sNLP) and the LCR include the risk appetite time horizon (eight weeks
versus 30 days, respectively), the classification and haircut differences between debt securities within the sNLP and the
LCR High-Quality Liquid Assets, outflow rates for various categories of funding, as well as inflow assumption for various
assets (for example, loan repayments). The Group’s internal liquidity stress test also includes outflows related to intraday
liquidity assumptions, which are not explicitly reflected in the LCR.

107

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Liquidity risk management

Net Stable Funding Ratio
The Net Stable Funding Ratio is a regulatory and risk appetite metric for assessing the Bank’s structural funding profile.
The NSFR is intended to reduce medium to long-term funding risks by requiring banks to maintain a stable funding profile
in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities. The ratio is defined as the amount of Available Stable Funding (the
portion of capital and liabilities expected to be a stable and/or consistent source of funding), relative to the amount of
Required Stable Funding for different types of on-balance sheet assets (with Required Stable Funding levels, a function of
the liquidity characteristics of various assets held).
Based on the risk appetite, a NSFR limit has been set for the Group as well as for all Key Liquidity Entities and Liquidity
Relevant Entities subject to a respective regulatory requirement to ensure ongoing compliance.

Liquidity stress testing and scenario analysis
Global internal liquidity stress testing and scenario analysis is used for measuring liquidity risk and evaluating the Group’s
short-term liquidity position within the liquidity framework. This complements the daily operational cash management
process. The long-term liquidity strategy based on contractual and behavioral modelled cash flow information is
represented by a long-term metric known as the Funding Matrix (refer to Funding risk management and funding
diversification section below for additional information).
The global liquidity stress testing process is managed by Treasury towards a respective risk appetite. Treasury is
responsible for the design of the overall methodology, the choice of liquidity risk drivers and the determination of
appropriate assumptions (parameters) to translate input data into stress testing output. Liquidity Risk Management is
responsible for the definition of the stress scenarios. Laid out by the Model Risk Management Policy and Procedure,
Liquidity Risk Management and Model Risk Management perform the independent validation of liquidity risk models.
Finance teams -Liquidity & Treasury Reporting & Analysis and Global Reporting, are responsible for implementing these
methodologies and performing the stress test calculation in conjunction with Treasury, Liquidity Risk Management, Group
Strategic Analytics and IT.
Stress testing and scenario analysis are used to describe and evaluate the impact of sudden and severe stress events on
the Group’s liquidity position. Deutsche Bank has selected four scenarios to calculate the Group’s stressed Net Liquidity
Position. These scenarios are designed to capture potential outcomes which may be experienced by the Group. The most
severe scenario assesses the potential consequences of a combined market-wide and idiosyncratic stress event, including
downgrades of Deutsche Bank credit rating. Under each of the scenarios, the impact of a liquidity stress event over
different time horizons and across multiple liquidity risk drivers, covering all business lines and product areas and with that
all portfolios and balance sheet, is considered. The output from this scenario analysis feeds the Group Wide Stress Test
run by the Enterprise Risk Management, which analysis liquidity risk in conjunction with the other defined risk types and
evaluates their impact and interplay to both - Capital and Liquidity positions.
In addition, potential funding requirements from contingent liquidity risks which can arise under stress, including
drawdowns on lending facilities, increased collateral requirements under derivative agreements, and outflows from
deposits with a contractual rating linked trigger are included in the analysis. Subsequently, countermeasures, which are
the actions the Group would take to counterbalance the outflows incurred during a stress event, are taken into
consideration. These countermeasures include the usage of the Group’s liquidity reserve and generating liquidity from
other unencumbered, marketable assets without causing any material impact on the Group’s business model.
Stress testing is conducted at a global level and for defined entities relevant for liquidity risk management. The stress
analysis covers an eight-week stress horizon which is considered to be the most critical time span during a liquidity crisis
requiring that liquidity is actively assessed and steered on a Group level. In addition to the consolidated currency stress
test, further stress tests are performed for material currencies, namely EUR and USD. At the global level as well as for the
U.S. liquidity stress tests also cover a twelve-months period whereby a risk appetite key limit has also been set. Ad-hoc
analysis may be conducted to reflect the impact of potential downside events that could affect the Group such as
climate/ESG-related events. Relevant stress assumptions are applied to reflect liquidity flows from risk drivers and onbalance sheet and off-balance sheet products. The suite of stress testing scenarios and assumptions are reviewed on a
regular basis and are updated when enhancements are made to stress testing methodologies.

108

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Liquidity risk management

Funding Risk Management and Funding Diversification
Funding Management
In line with regulatory guidelines, Deutsche Bank has developed a set of internal indicators to measure its inherent funding
risks. These are considered for risk management and steering purposes in addition to the Pillar 1 requirements.
The Group relies on a vast range of funding sources including deposits, unsecured wholesale funding, Capital Markets
Issuances and secured funding. These funding sources protect the Group’s liquidity position two ways. First, since stress
events may impact funding markets differently, maintaining a well-diversified funding portfolio will lower the average
impact of these events. Second, when experiencing a liquidity stress, having access to a wide range of funding sources
significantly improves the Group’s ability to tap different funding markets. The diversification across products is
complemented by Risk thresholds which have been set to monitor tenor concentration and counterparty concentration
for both secured and unsecured funding sources.
The stability of Deutsche Bank Group’s funding position can be negatively impacted by various forms of industry risks
which often manifests medium to long term structural trends with a potentially significant long-term impact on the
economy and banks’ balance sheets. Deutsche Bank performs ad-hoc analyses on such emerging risks to assess the impact
of such trends on its funding position to ensure that mitigating measures are taken on a timely basis when deemed
necessary. In addition, Treasury evaluates current market access information in its significant funding markets on a monthly
basis with results compiled and presented to the Group Asset and Liability Committee.
Deutsche Bank’s tool for monitoring and managing the Group’s funding profile for greater than one year time horizon, is
the Funding Matrix. To produce the Funding Matrix, all assets and liabilities are mapped into time buckets corresponding
to their baseline contractual or modelled maturities. This allows the Group to identify expected excesses and shortfalls in
term liabilities over assets in each time bucket, facilitating the management of potential liquidity exposures over time. The
liquidity profile is based on contractual cash flow information. If the contractual maturity profile of a product does not
adequately reflect the liquidity profile or in case of non-maturing products, the maturity is replaced by baseline modelling
assumptions.

Capital Markets Issuance
The main objective of debt issuance is to raise medium term funding in the most cost optimal manner. Debt issuance,
encompassing senior unsecured bonds, covered bonds, and capital securities, is a key source of term funding for the Group
and is managed directly by Treasury. At least once a year, following endorsement by the Asset and Liability Committee,
Treasury submits an annual long-term funding plan to the Group Risk Committee for recommendation and then to
Management Board for approval. This plan is driven by global and local funding and liquidity requirements based on
expected business development. The Group’s capital markets issuance portfolio is dynamically managed through annual
issuance plans to avoid excessive maturity concentrations.
Deutsche Bank holds a license to issue mortgage Pfandbriefe and maintains a program to issue structured covered bonds.
In 2024, the Pfandbrief platform was enriched to support callable Pfandbriefe which further broadens the bandwidth
offered to investors. Additionally, the Group continues to run a program for the purpose of issuing covered bonds under
Spanish law (Cedulas). In 2023, Deutsche Bank further diversified its investor base through inaugural transactions in China.
The issuances of these so-called Panda bonds was expanded throughout 2024. Since 2020 the Group maintains its Green
Bond framework which the bank offers green note issuances to both, institutional and retail investors. Furthermore,
multiple green structured notes, first green deposits and first green repurchase agreements (repos) were executed. In
2024, sustainability framework was enriched to also support social assets. This was utilized for the first time in July 2024
through the issuance of DB’s inaugural social bond.

109

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Liquidity risk management

Risk Mitigation
High Quality Liquid Assets
High-quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) is a Pillar 1 calculation which feeds into LCR and is a key limit per the risk appetite. HQLA
comprise available cash and cash equivalents and unencumbered high quality liquid securities (including government and
government guaranteed bonds), representing the most readily available and most important countermeasure in a stress
event.
The vast majority of the Group’s HQLA are held centrally across major currencies at the central bank accounts of the parent
entity and foreign branches in the key locations in which we are active and in a dedicated Treasury-owned Strategic
liquidity reserves portfolio, set up exclusively to serve as a mitigant during periods of stress.

Asset Encumbrance
Encumbered assets primarily comprise those on- and off-balance sheet assets that are pledged as collateral against
secured funding, collateral swaps, and other collateralized obligations. Generally, loans are encumbered to support longterm capital markets secured issuance such as covered bonds or other self-securitization structures, while financing debt
and equity inventory on a secured basis is a regular activity for the Investment Bank business. Additionally, in line with the
European Banking Authority technical standards on regulatory asset encumbrance reporting, assets pledged with
settlement systems (including default funds and initial margins) as well as other assets pledged which cannot be freely
withdrawn such as mandatory minimum reserves at central banks are considered encumbered assets. Derivative margin
receivable assets as encumbered under these European Banking Authority guidelines are also included.

Funds transfer pricing
FTP is a cost allocation and business steering tool to manage costs and benefits (remuneration) associated with funding
and contingent liquidity risk, aligned to firm’s risk appetite. FTP applies to all Corporate Divisions and entities with balance
sheet items requiring active management and funding from the Group and promotes pricing of (i) assets in accordance
with their underlying liquidity risk, (ii) liabilities in accordance with their liquidity value and (iii) contingent liquidity
exposures in accordance with the cost of providing for appropriate High Quality Liquid Assets.
Within this framework funding and liquidity risk costs and benefits are allocated to the Group’s business units based on
rates which reflect the economic costs of liquidity for Deutsche Bank. Treasury might set further financial incentives in line
with the Group’s liquidity risk guidelines.
Additional details are included in Note 4 “Business segments and related information“ of the consolidated financial
statements.

Contingency Funding Planning
Deutsche Bank’s Group Contingency Funding Plan outlines how Deutsche Bank would respond to an actual or anticipated
liquidity stress event. It specifies the provisions, procedures and action plans for responding to potential disruptions to the
Bank’s ability to fund itself. It covers actions that can be taken to raise cash and/or recover the Bank’s liquidity metrics in
breach. The Contingency Funding Plan outlines governance arrangements for its activation and presents the framework
of liquidity indicators enabling the bank to identify deteriorating market circumstances in a timely manner and that
determine quickly what actions need to be taken, including communication and coordination during a liquidity stress event.
Deutsche Bank has established the Financial Resource Management Council, which is responsible for oversight of capital
and liquidity across contingency, recovery, and resolution scenarios in a defined crisis situation.

110

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Enterprise risk management

Enterprise risk management
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) provides a holistic view of the Bank’s risk profile across risk types, businesses and
geographies. Key responsibilities include:
– Defining the overarching risk management policy, including setting of risk management standards.
– Setting and monitoring the Bank’s overarching risk appetite and cascading to business & entity dimensions.
– Delivering insight through emerging risks and trends analysis, forward-looking stress tests, portfolio concentration,
deep-dive analyses and ad-hoc event reporting.
– Developing and managing the climate risk management framework.
– Providing risk reporting and analytics to key stakeholders, including senior management and regulators.
– Acting as risk controlling function for credit risk

Strategic risk
Strategic risk is the risk of a shortfall in planned earnings (excluding other material risks) due to incorrect business plans,
ineffective plan execution, or inability to effectively respond to material plan deviations. Strategic risk arises from the
exposure of the bank to the macroeconomic environment, changes in the competitive landscape, and regulatory and
technological developments. Additionally, it could occur due to errors in strategic positioning, the bank’s failure to execute
its planned strategy and/or a failure to effectively address underperformance versus plan targets.
The strategic plan is developed annually and presented to the Management Board for discussion and approval. The final
plan is presented to the Supervisory Board. The plan is challenged in an iterative process with respect to its assumptions,
credibility and integrity. During the year, execution of business strategies is regularly monitored to assess the performance
against targets. A more comprehensive description of this process is detailed in the section ‘Strategic and Capital Plan’.
Strategic risk is measured through a dedicated risk model that quantifies potential losses caused by unexpected pre-tax
earnings shortfalls that cannot be offset by cost reductions under extreme but plausible market conditions over a 12month period. Strategic risk appetite is also established for the Group via dedicated metrics.
Enterprise Risk Management is the independent risk control function for Strategic Risk. A framework that includes setting
risk appetite and monitoring adherence has been implemented in line with the control standards the Enterprise Risk
Management function set.

Capital risk
Capital risk is defined as the risk that Deutsche Bank has an insufficient level or composition of capital supply to support
its current and planned business activities and associated risks during normal and stressed conditions. ERM considers
available capital resources when setting the bank’s overarching risk appetite and cascade to Business Divisions.
The Group’s capital risk framework consists of several elements which aim to ensure that Deutsche Bank maintains on an
ongoing basis an adequate capitalization to cover the risks to which is exposed. The framework is strongly integrated with
the bank-wide strategic planning process and closely linked to Deutsche Bank’s internal capital adequacy assessment
process (see section “Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process” for further details). Treasury together with the
divisions is the key risk manager of the associated risks and represents the 1st LoD. Treasury Risk Management (TRM) acts
as the 2nd LoD for capital risk.
The Treasury function manages capital risk at group level and locally in each region, as applicable. This includes managing
issuances and repurchases of capital instruments (see section on “Capital management” for details). Additionally, divisional
limits for key capital resources are approved by the Group Asset and Liability Committee to ensure alignment with the
capital risk appetite (see section on “Resource limit setting” for details).
TRM sets the capital risk framework, assesses the capital risk profile and provides independent challenge. This includes
setting of risk appetite thresholds for key capital ratios. Threshold breaches are subject to a dedicated governance
framework triggering management actions up to the execution of Deutsche Bank’s recovery plan. Thresholds also provide
boundaries to the capital plan and are fully integrated into the regular assessment of capital risk under stress scenarios.

111

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Enterprise risk management

Portfolio concentration risk
Risk concentrations refer to clusters of the same or similar risk drivers within specific risk types (intra-risk concentrations
in credit, market, operational and strategic risks) as well as across different risk types (inter-risk concentrations). They occur
within and across counterparties, businesses, regions/countries, industries and products. The management and monitoring
of risk concentrations is achieved through a quantitative and qualitative approach, as follows:
– Intra-risk concentrations are assessed, monitored and mitigated by the individual risk functions (enterprise, credit,
market, operational and liquidity risk management). This is supported by risk appetite including limit setting on different
levels and/or management according to each risk type
– Inter-risk concentrations are managed through quantitative top-down stress-testing and qualitative bottom-up
reviews, identifying and assessing risk themes independent of any risk type and providing a holistic view across the bank.
The diversification effects between credit, market, operational and strategic risk are measured through a dedicated risk
model that quantifies the diversification benefit caused by non-perfect correlations between these risk types. The
calculation of the risk type diversification benefit is intended to ensure that the standalone economic capital figures for
the individual risk types are aggregated in an economically meaningful way
The most senior governance body for the oversight of risk concentrations is the Group Risk Committee (GRC).

Environmental, social and governance risk
The impacts of rising global average temperatures, the enhanced focus on climate change and the transition to a net-zero
economy from society, regulators and the banking sector have led to the emergence of new and increasing sources of
financial and non-financial risks. These include the physical risks arising from extreme weather events growing in frequency
and severity, as well as transition risks as carbon intensive sectors are expected to face higher taxation, reduced demand
and restricted access to financing. These risks can impact Deutsche Bank across a broad range of financial and nonfinancial risk types. Financial institutions are also facing increased scrutiny on climate and broader ESG-related issues from
governments, regulators, shareholders and other bodies, leading to reputational risks if the Group is not seen to support
the transition to a lower carbon economy, to protect biodiversity and human rights, among other themes.
Deutsche Bank’s risk strategy recognizes ESG as a theme that represents a broad range of areas of concern related to
environmental, social, or governance factors that cuts across multiple scenarios or risks. It must be ensured that all nonfinancial ESG-related risks are identified and adequately assessed to include potential impacts driven by ESG factors; the
bank must also ensure that controls are effective and any potential deficiencies are promptly escalated and addressed.
Deutsche Bank is regularly reviewing and enhancing its ESG risk management frameworks in alignment with regulatory
guidance and to ensure that ESG risks are actively managed and greenwashing risk is mitigated. Limitations in terms data,
methodologies and industry standards for measuring and assessing climate and other environmental risks continue to lead
to a higher degree of uncertainty into climate-related disclosures. Anti-ESG measures that were already established in
some jurisdictions are now reinforced and taken further may result in the loss of existing business and the inability to
conduct new business within those jurisdictions, while complying may lead to reputational risks.
The management of risks stemming from environmental factors relies first and foremost with Deutsche Bank’s net zeroaligned decarbonization targets for eight sectors: Oil and Gas (upstream), Power Generation, Automotive (light duty
vehicles), Steel, Coal mining, Cement, Shipping and Commercial Aviation. The pathways to achieve these targets are
incorporated into the bank’s risk management framework. Environmental risks are assessed through an annual climate and
environmental materiality assessment and internal stress test, across businesses, portfolios and risk types (Credit, Market,
Liquidity, Reputational and Operational); They are monitored through dedicated reports discussed in senior risk
committees and managed through risk appetite thresholds, policies requirements and exclusions (Environmental and
Social policy framework), and portfolio Early Warning Indicators (EWIs). Climate and environmental risks are incorporated
into the credit approval process for corporate clients via enhanced due diligence requirements. New loan requests above
selected tenor and rating-based thresholds to corporate clients in carbon-intensive sectors as well as those in sectors
vulnerable to climate-physical and nature (or “other environmental”) risks require a dedicated risk assessment from the
Front Office and review by Credit Risk Management. Overall, these risks are embedded within the bank’s business model
and financial planning through the carbon budgets attributed to the bank’s businesses derived from its decarbonization
targets and through the inclusion of environmental risks within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).

112

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Enterprise risk management

The Group Sustainability Committee acts as the main governance and decision-making body for sustainability-related
matters across Deutsche Bank. This includes the assessment of material impacts as well as risks and opportunities for the
Bank. The committee also sets the net zero targets for the bank.
The Management Board has delegated sustainability related decisions to this committee, which is chaired by the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Sustainability Officer (Vice Chair). It receives monthly updates on financed emissions and
net-zero alignment.
The Group Risk Committee, chaired by the Chief Risk Officer and established by the Management Board has the mandate
to oversee several risk & capital related matters. This includes the responsibility for developing the bank’s Climate Risk
Framework. The Committee approves the Bank’s climate and environmental risk appetite, including appetite for deviation
from net-zero decarbonization linear reduction pathways. A number of other committees of the Group Risk Committee are
responsible for the development and management of specific elements of climate and environmental risk.
The Enterprise Risk Committee and the Net Zero Forum receive, in addition to the quarterly reports, monthly flash reports
on key metrics (i.e. measuring alignment with decarbonization targets and the consumption of divisional carbon budgets).

113

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Model Risk Management

Model Risk Management
Introduction
Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect models or their misused outputs.
Model risk can lead to financial loss, poor business or strategic decision making, or damage to its reputation. Deutsche
Bank recognizes the use of models can affect other risk-types, and that model risk is a distinct risk that can increase or
decrease aggregate risk across other risk-types.
Deutsche Bank uses models for a broad range of decision-making activities, such as: underwriting credits; valuing
exposures, instruments, and positions; measuring risk; managing and safeguarding client assets and determining capital
and reserve adequacy. The term ‘model’ is a quantitative or qualitative method, system, or approach that applies expert
judgement, statistical, economic, financial, or mathematical theories, techniques, and assumptions to process input data
into quantitative estimates. Models are simplified representations of real-world relationships and are based on
assumptions and judgment. Accordingly, the bank is exposed to model risk, which must be identified, measured, and
controlled appropriately.
Model risk management oversight is provided by all levels of management, including the Management Board. Management
of model risk is underpinned by a framework designed and monitored by a 2nd Line of Defense control function
independent from developer, owner, and user of models.

Model Risk Management Framework and Governance
Model risk is one of the bank’s Level 1 risks, and is overseen by the Chief Risk Officer through the setting of a quantitative
and qualitative risk appetite statement, and managed through:
– The Model Risk Policy and Procedure, and supporting documents aligned to risk appetite, regulatory requirements, and
industry best practice, with clear roles and responsibilities for stakeholders.
– Inventorization of all models, supporting ongoing model risk framework components including risk assessments and
attestations.
– Key controls for models from development through to decommissioning, including validation, approval, deployment
and monitoring.
– Models are assessed for their materiality, complexity, uncertainty and reliance and in aggregate assigned a risk Tier,
which is used to identify those which present the higher risk to Deutsche Bank.
– A risk based approach to managing the models by Tier is applied.
– Independent Validations, and subsequent independent approvals, verify that models have been appropriately designed
and implemented for their intended scope and purpose, and that respective controls are in place to assure that they
continue to perform as expected during their use.
– The controls identify models’ limitations and weaknesses, resulting in findings and compensating controls, these may
be conditions for use, such as adjustments or overlays.
– Model risk governance, including senior forums for monitoring and escalation of model risk related topics, as well as
monthly updates to the Management Board on the model risk appetite metrics, and periodic model risk updates to the
Supervisory Board.

114

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Reputational Risk Management

Reputational Risk Management
Within the group’s risk management process, reputational risk is defined as the risk of possible damage to Deutsche Bank’s
brand and reputation, and the associated risk to earnings, capital or liquidity arising from any association, action or inaction
which could be perceived by stakeholders to be inappropriate, unethical or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank’s Code of
Conduct.
Deutsche Bank has limited appetite for transactions or relationships with material reputational risk or in areas which
inherently pose a higher reputational risk such as the defense, gaming, or adult entertainment sectors, or where there are
certain environmental concerns. Reputational risk cannot be precluded as it can be driven by unforeseeable changes in
perception of its practices by its various stakeholders (e.g. public, clients, shareholders and regulators).
The Reputational Risk Framework (the Framework) is in place to manage the process through which active decisions are
taken on matters which may pose a reputational risk, before the event, and in doing so to prevent damage to Deutsche
Bank’s reputation wherever possible. The Framework provides consistent standards for the identification, assessment and
management of reputational risk issues. Reputational impacts which may arise as a consequence of a failure from another
risk type, control or process are addressed separately via the associated risk type framework and are therefore not
addressed in this section.
The reputational risk could arise from multiple sources including, but not limited to, potential issues with the profile of the
counterparty, the business purpose/economic substance of the transaction or product, high risk industries, environmental
and social considerations, and the nature of the transaction or product or its structure and terms.
The modelling and quantitative measurement of reputational risk internal capital is implicitly covered in the bank’s
economic capital framework primarily within strategic risk.

Governance and Organizational Structure
The Framework is applicable to all business units and regions. Matters specific to DWS are reviewed by the DWS
Reputational Risk Committee and, if necessary, escalated to the DWS Executive Board. Decisions are subject to the DWS
and Deutsche Bank internal Corporate Governance policies. Whilst every employee has a responsibility to protect the
bank’s reputation, the primary responsibility for the identification, assessment, management, monitoring and, if necessary,
referring or reporting of reputational risk matters lies with Deutsche Bank’s Business Divisions as the primary risk owners.
Each Business Division has an established process through which matters, which are deemed to be a moderate or greater
reputational risk are assessed, the Unit Reputational Risk Assessment Process.
The Unit Reputational Risk Assessment Process is required to refer any material reputational risk matters to the respective
Regional Reputational Risk Committee. The Framework also sets out a number of matters which are considered inherently
higher risk from a reputational risk perspective and are therefore mandatory referrals to the Regional Reputational Risk
Committees. The Regional Reputational Risk Committees, which are 2nd LoD Committees and meet on an ad hoc basis as
required. The Group Reputational Risk Committee (GRRC) reviews cases with a Group wide impact and in exceptional
circumstances, those that could not be resolved at a regional level. The Head of NFRM is responsible for ensuring the
oversight, governance and coordination of the management of reputational risk of Deutsche Bank.

115

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Information security

Information security
Deutsche Bank operates in an environment with increasing levels of digitization and a constantly evolving threat landscape
related to information security. Amid ongoing developments, threats and challenges, Deutsche Bank has the responsibility
to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of clients’, as well as business partners’ data and of its own
information assets, including the bank’s employees’ information. Doing so consistently and effectively is essential for
retaining the trust of the various stakeholders and preserving their interests.
Due to the dynamic and complex nature of the environment, Deutsche Bank is continuously monitoring the security threat
landscape. The bank vigilantly observes technological developments, the geopolitical landscape and economic impacts
driving security risks and assesses their relevance for potential impacts to itself and the wider financial ecosystem.
Deutsche Bank adjusts its security capabilities accordingly to safeguard its ability to provide products and services to
clients and protect the continued operations of the bank’s businesses.
This section provides a comprehensive insight into Deutsche Bank’s approach to information security, detailing the bank's
continuous efforts to protect data and services robustly, including its security governance structure, security strategy, and
security risk management.

Governance
Responsibility for security matters at Deutsche Bank sits within the Chief Security Office. The Group Chief Security Officer
(CSO) has delegated authority from the Management Board, including approval of the security policies and the security
strategy for the Deutsche Bank Group. The CSO reports directly to the Chief Technology, Data, and Innovation Officer,
who is a member of the Management Board. The Management Board is accountable for the implementation of the
information security framework, with oversight from the Supervisory Board. There are multiple mechanisms in place for
the CSO to escalate security issues directly to the Management Board if required.
Deutsche Bank’s CSO has served in various roles in information security for more than 20 years. This includes roles as global
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)/Chief Security Officer (CSO) for three different large European financial
institutions and a partner position in a global strategy and consulting firm, leading security work for financial service clients.
The Group Chief Security Officer is supported by security role holders at various seniority levels across the bank to ensure
that security requirements are met from a regional, divisional, and technical perspective. All information security activities
are overseen by two dedicated governance forums chaired by the CSO: the Group IT Security Council (interface to the
bank’s IT units), and the Group Information Security Committee (interface to the bank’s business and infrastructure
divisions). The independent Risk Management function for Information Security is represented in both forums. Both forums
provide advice on the security strategy and oversee the progress and performance of key information security deliverables,
the remediation status of information security related audit findings and information security incidents as well as the
information security posture of Deutsche Bank Group against defined targets. In the event of critical issues, members are
assigned specific actions according to their responsibility.
Security indicators and reporting provided to the bank’s relevant governance forums support appropriate security risk
awareness and decision taking. The comprehensive metrics framework maintained by the Chief Security Office is
underpinned by an extensive data set allowing for various dedicated views. The Management Board receives a quarterly
information security risk posture report, as well as ad hoc information if required. Furthermore, the CSO provides regular
updates on material topics relating to security to the Supervisory Board’s Committee responsible for Technology, Data
and Innovation.

116

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Information security

Strategy
The Chief Security Office develops the bank’s group-wide security strategy and oversees its implementation and
operationalization globally via the organizational set-up, governance, and implemented security policies. The security
strategy, which is reviewed on a regular basis, incorporates developments in the threat landscape, technology, the
regulatory environment, the bank’s corporate and IT strategy, and other internal and external parameters. The approach
provides comprehensive and layered security controls. The Chief Security Office works closely with the bank´s divisions to
enable alignment with the security by design approach throughout bank wide programs and initiatives. Security
investments are prioritized and adjusted by a threat-driven perspective, leveraging the regular review and assessment of
the maturity of the bank’s security implementation.
A key element of the bank’s security strategy is to foster responsibility and active awareness among Deutsche Bank staff.
By embedding these principles into daily practices, Deutsche Bank aims to bring about long-term behavioral changes that
help mitigate risks and enhance overall security. The bank’s security culture and awareness campaign, “Mission Security”,
communicated to all employees worldwide, reinforces these efforts. Another way the bank strengthens security culture is
by periodically conducting simulations and testing exercises, including phishing simulation and mandatory training.

Impact, risk, and opportunity management
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
Clients expect secure access to their bank’s services anytime, anywhere, and through a variety of channels. As part of doing
business with the bank, clients entrust Deutsche Bank with sensitive data. Deutsche Bank has the responsibility to preserve
the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of clients’, as well as business partners’ data and of its own information assets,
including the bank’s employees’ information. Doing so consistently and effectively is essential for retaining the trust of
these stakeholders and preserving their interests. Consequently, the bank continues to invest in security risk mitigation.
Based on stringent risk management processes, Deutsche Bank adjusts its security capabilities to safeguard its ability to
provide products and services to clients and protect the continued operations of the bank’s businesses. Stable and resilient
services support stakeholder trust, help grow business and revenue opportunities and protect brand value.
Increasing frequency and complexity of recent cyberattacks has resulted in an elevated risk profile for many organizations
around the world, including Deutsche Bank. The bank continuously monitors the security threat landscape and vigilantly
observes technological developments, the geopolitical landscape and economic impacts driving security risks, assessing
their relevance for potential impacts. Sophisticated and often financially motivated cyberattacks, including ransomware,
can be observed as persistent threats across industries and are expected to become even more frequent. Additional threats
are posed by supply chain attacks, a growing number of critical software vulnerabilities potentially exploited by threat
actors (zero-day exploits), and an increased threat surface introduced by, for example, remote ways of working.
2024 focus areas continued to include supply chain risk and common attack scenarios like Ransomware or Denial of
Service, as well as emerging risks such as Artificial Intelligence and Quantum Computing. Ongoing geopolitical unrest
continues to drive cyber-attack activity across various threat actor types. Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks are
growing in occurrence, frequency, and intensity.
Technological advancements pose demands on data privacy and security. As the use of artificial intelligence becomes
widespread, there are also increased risks to cybersecurity, such as the criminal use of deepfakes, and more sophisticated
social engineering attacks.
Third-party software or technology solution providers will continue to be a key target for threat actors, who see such
supply chain attacks as means to compromise or disrupt a larger number of downstream customers and assets, amplifying
the impact of their attacks.
Failure to embed and ensure oversight of security requirements into the bank’s framework to best address associated risks
and subsequent appropriate implementation can lead to breaches of confidentiality and integrity of information, and
unavailability of information and/or services. Additionally, Deutsche Bank may face operational risks arising from failures
in the control environment, including errors in the performance of processes or security controls, as well as loss of data,
which may disrupt business and lead to material losses.

117

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Information security

Security breaches can occur due to unauthorized access to networks or resources, unauthorized access to or
loss/destruction of confidential information, unintentional exposure of vulnerabilities in the bank's infrastructure, the
introduction of computer viruses or malware, technology failures or other forms of cybersecurity attacks or incidents,
including breaches of the security of third-party computer systems.
In case of a successful attack, there might be impact on Deutsche Bank’s stakeholders and the wider financial ecosystem
due to compromised data, unintentional spread of malware, unavailability of services, and the inaccessibility of systems
and/or data. This encompasses internal and third-parties information technology systems.
A successful cyberattack could have a significant negative direct or indirect impact on the bank that may result in the
disclosure or misuse of client, as well as proprietary information, damage to or inability to access information technology
systems, statutory or regulatory non-compliance and financial losses. Potential consequences range from reputational
damage and client dissatisfaction via contractual non-compliance (e.g., if services are not provided as agreed) to
remediation costs (such as for investigation and reestablishing services), increased cybersecurity costs (such as for
additional personnel, technology, or third-party vendors), and potential penalties and fines, to personal data breach
notification obligations, and litigation exposure.
Deutsche Bank maintains insurance as an additional risk mitigant for cyber risk. The bank´s insurance coverage is designed
to include mitigation of the financial impact of security incidents, it may however not fully cover all potential losses,
including reputational damage or indirect costs associated with a cyber event. Notwithstanding the bank’s security
measures, there can be no assurance that its policies, controls, or cyber insurance coverage will be sufficient to prevent or
fully mitigate the impact of future cyber incidents and it could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition.

Policies and risk management
The bank’s policies and controls support risk reduction and mitigation for potential negative impacts. Information Security
Risk is managed as an Operational Risk under the Non-Financial Risk Management Framework of the bank. The Chief
Security Office is responsible for and executes security matters against the Non-Financial Risk Management Framework
and leverages the results of its various instruments whereas Non-Financial Risk Management provides oversight, review,
and challenge. Measures for the further reduction of material residual risks may include policy changes or policy
amendments at divisional or group level as well as prioritized investment and accelerated implementation of risk mitigating
activities.
Security risks are assessed on a continual basis, through analysis of internal and external events, events at peer institutions,
monitoring of the threat environment, and discussion in various forums. The annual risk and control assessment process
evaluates risk scenarios such as service disruption, system misuse, data distortion, asset or data destruction, data
disclosure, financial theft and non-adherence or non-conduct to regulatory policies and laws. It leverages industry
standard threat assessment frameworks, such as MITRE, and provides the foundation for the assessment of financial
industry relevant risk scenarios.
The thorough analysis comprises potentially affected stakeholders, including clients and suppliers, as well as the external
threat landscape. The process considers contextual data and controls such as major events, threat assessments, findings,
scenario analysis, control metrics, lessons learned, events at peer institutions, read across, regulatory expectations and
remediation activities, when assessing control suites and residual risk positions. In case of emerging developments,
additional risk reviews are conducted. The results are evaluated against the bank's control capabilities to cope with these
risks.
As part of the annual risk and control assessment process, internal security subject matter experts provide a risk evaluation,
supported by other areas such as Legal, Compliance or Group Data Privacy, as necessary. That evaluation is reviewed and
challenged by risk subject matter experts to arrive at a final residual risk position. Additionally, senior information security
experts from all divisions and functions assess the exposure of the group, based on their divisional or functional
background. Those divisional and functional assessments are also reviewed and challenged by risk subject matter experts
to arrive at a final residual risk position for divisions and functions.

118

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Information security

A comprehensive information security management system (ISMS) is crucial for an organization handling vast amounts of
financial assets and sensitive data. In alignment with its Non-Financial Risk Management policies, Deutsche Bank’s globally
applicable security policy framework defines the core principles of and the fundamentals for security management. The
policy framework is reviewed annually, and any changes are approved by the CSO. It is governed centrally and applied
globally across all product groups and business and infrastructure divisions. It also defines the roles, responsibilities, and
accountabilities of key personnel identified to manage information security risk. The framework is aligned with the security
strategy and sets out measures to manage and resolve information security breaches, and related communication
procedures.
The bank’s ISMS has been certified by an accredited certification body according to ISO 27001, for all information security
domains defined within that standard since 2012. To maintain the ISO 27001 certification, the bank performs a full
recertification process every three years, with the latest taking place in 2024. With the last recertification, Deutsche Bank
upgraded its ISMS to the 2022 version of ISO 27001. Furthermore, the bank performs an annual surveillance audit designed
to ensure compliance between the certification intervals.
Dependency on third-party products and services can expose the bank to cyber risks and impact its risk posture, as these
can be prime targets for information security attacks. Third-party information security risks are managed by Deutsche Bank
through a combination of capabilities, implementing a comprehensive approach to mitigate these risks and cover
regulatory requirements (incl. the EU DORA regulation). Key components include the bank’s global third-party risk
management program, which is designed to identify, monitor, and mitigate risks associated with third-party engagements.
In combination, the bank demands adherence to an information security policy with specific control objectives for third
parties, which include incident notification requirements. To ensure adherence, the information security posture of the
third parties is reevaluated on a periodic basis (defined by the criticality of the vendor). In response to specific threats and
incidents, proactive engagement and outreach with these parties is taking place. This is complemented by security
assessments, which also include onsite assessments of third parties. These measures collectively contribute to the bank’s
oversight and support that third-party services align with the bank’s security requirements.
For more details on the bank’s Third-Party Management, please refer to the Supply Chain Management chapter in the
Sustainability Statement.

Actions and resources
To address the evolving threat landscape, Deutsche Bank has a variety of prevention methods and controls in place. These
include, for example, network security, identity and access management, endpoint and data security (including data
classification and leakage prevention), threat intelligence, cyber hygiene, and encryption solutions. Those preventive
controls are backed by a threat-driven detection set-up and a robust incident-response process.
The bank continually reviews and enhances its information security controls through multiple layers of technology,
including databases, infrastructure, devices, and applications. This is complemented by organizational controls and
security training and awareness. The purpose of this layered approach is to strengthen the end-to-end protection by
utilizing multiple opportunities to detect, prevent, respond to, and recover from cyber threats.
Deutsche Bank employs various mechanisms to self-identify areas for improvements and control enhancements. These
include security testing, security problem management and lessons learned. Deutsche Bank´s independent Group Audit
function is mandated to regularly assess security controls as part of their audit plan. Furthermore, the regular annual audit
conducted by the bank´s external auditor considers identity and access management controls. The overall information
security program of the bank is evaluated on a regular basis by third-party organizations.
The bank actively shares security best practices and threat information with national and international security
organizations, government authorities, and peer organizations. These relationships help ensure that the bank’s security
technology and procedures reflect current financial industry’s best practices and keep pace with the threat environment.
As digitalization advances, the need to enhance literacy on information security topics grows. Deutsche Bank addresses
this by educating and informing clients through informational materials and client events, highlighting information security
threats and the bank's protective measures. This also includes response to client inquiries on information security topics
through its client relationship function.

119

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and Capital Management
Information security

Deutsche Bank also requires a yearly mandatory information security baseline training for all employees and eligible
contractor staff. This training encompasses the content of the information security policy, the process to report security
incidents or any other security-related concerns, as well as important and current security threats. To address the latter
and to comply with internal standards, the training is updated at least on a yearly basis. For Deutsche Bank employees,
failure to complete this training and late completion can result in disciplinary consequences. In 2024, a learning completion
rate of 99,65% was achieved for the e-Learning-based mandatory information security training, compared to 99,94% in
2023.
Deutsche Bank’s security incident management covers on a day-to-day-basis security events that may affect the bank, its
clients and business partners, or employees. The Cyber Threat Operations Centers located in Asia Pacific, Europe and USA
support global and group-wide detection of threats and response to incidents 24/7. The related management and
reporting processes performed with involvement of subject matter experts, such as divisional Chief Information Security
Officers, Compliance, Legal, Group Communications and Group Data Privacy, are designed to enable a quick and effective
response to cyberattacks and information security threats. The objective is to minimize the risk of impacts on Deutsche
Bank and to use insights gained from incident handling to continuously improve the bank’s processes.
As in prior years, Deutsche Bank in 2024 experienced attacks on computer systems, including attacks aimed at obtaining
unauthorized access to confidential company or client information, damaging, or interfering with company data, resources,
or business activities, or otherwise exploiting vulnerabilities in its infrastructure, including attacks that occurred along the
bank’s supply chain. The bank, however, did not experience any material effect on its business strategy, results of
operation, or financial condition as the result of an information security incident, including attempted cyber-attacks.
Consequently, the bank continues to invest in security risk mitigation. As in previous years, in 2024 Deutsche Bank adapted
its security capabilities through several programs across information and physical security. As examples, the bank further
strengthened its perimeter security and expanded its comprehensive staff security training offering, including the launch
of a security academy.

120

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL
Own Funds
The calculation of Deutsche Bank’s own funds incorporates the capital requirements following the “Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions” (CRR) and the “Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions” (CRD), which have been further amended
with subsequent Regulations and Directives. The CRD has been implemented into German law. The information in this
section as well as in the section “Development of risk-weighted assets” is based on the regulatory principles of
consolidation.
This section refers to the capital adequacy of the group of entities consolidated for banking regulatory purposes pursuant
to the CRR and the German Banking Act (“Kreditwesengesetz” or “KWG”), which does not include insurance companies
and companies outside the finance sector.
The total own funds pursuant to the effective regulations as of year-end 2024 comprises Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. Tier 1
capital is subdivided into Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital.
CET 1 capital consists primarily of common share capital (net of own holdings) including related share premium accounts,
retained earnings (including losses for the financial year, if any) and accumulated other comprehensive income, subject to
prudential filters and regulatory adjustments as well as minority interests qualifying for inclusion in consolidated CET 1
capital. Prudential filters for CET 1 capital, according to Articles 32 to 35 CRR, include securitization gains on sale, cash
flow hedges and changes in the value of own liabilities, and additional value adjustments. CET 1 capital regulatory
adjustments for instance includes intangible assets (exceeding their prudential value), adoption of the temporary
treatment of unrealized gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance with Article 468 CRR which
applies until year-end 2025, deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability, negative amounts resulting from the
calculation of expected loss amounts, net defined benefit pension fund assets, reciprocal cross holdings in the capital of
financial sector entities and, significant and non-significant investments in the capital (CET 1, AT1, Tier 2) of financial
sector entities above certain thresholds. All items which are not deducted (i.e., amounts below the threshold) are subject
to risk-weighting.
Additional Tier 1 capital consists of AT1 capital instruments and related share premium accounts as well as noncontrolling
interests qualifying for inclusion in consolidated AT1 capital. To qualify as AT1 capital under CRR/CRD, instruments must
have principal loss absorption through a conversion to common shares or a write-down mechanism allocating losses at a
trigger point and must also meet further requirements such as perpetual with no incentive to redeem and institution must
have full dividend/coupon discretion at all times.
Tier 2 capital comprises eligible capital instruments, the related share premium accounts and subordinated long-term
debt, certain loan loss provisions and noncontrolling interests that qualify for inclusion in consolidated Tier 2 capital. To
qualify as Tier 2 capital, capital instruments or subordinated debt must have an original maturity of at least five years.
Moreover, eligible capital instruments may inter alia not contain an incentive to redeem, a right of investors to accelerate
repayment, or a credit sensitive dividend feature.

121

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Capital instruments
The Management Board was authorized by the 2023 Annual General Meeting to buy, on or before April 30, 2028, shares of
up to 10% of the share capital at the time this resolution was taken or, if lower, of the share capital at the respective time
the authorization was exercised. As at the 2023 Annual General Meeting, this corresponded to a volume of up to
204.0 million shares. Thereof, a volume of up to 5% of the total share capital or 102.0 million shares can be purchased by
using derivatives, including derivatives with a volume of up to 2% of the total share capital with a maturity exceeding 18
months. During the period from the 2023 Annual General Meeting until the 2024 Annual General Meeting, 40.3 million
shares were purchased for equity compensation purposes in the same period or upcoming periods. Thereof, 22.9 million
shares were purchased by exercising call options. In addition, 16.1 million new call options were purchased for equity
compensation purposes in upcoming periods. Furthermore, 71.1 million shares were purchased for cancellation with the
purpose of distributing capital to shareholders in the same period. Thereof, 45.5 million shares that were acquired as part
of the share buyback program of € 450 million in 2023 were cancelled at the beginning of the year 2024. The number of
shares held in Treasury, after delivery of shares for equity compensation and share cancellations, amounted to 31.6 million
as of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Thereof, 25.6 million shares relate to shares bought back for cancellation as part
of the € 675 million share buyback program in 2024. The remaining volume of 6.0 million shares relates to shares to be
used for equity compensation purposes in upcoming periods.
The Annual General Meeting on May 16 , 2024 granted the Management Board the approval to buy, on or before April 30,
2029, shares of up to 10% of the share capital at the time of this resolution was taken or, if lower, of the share capital at
the respective time the authorization was exercised. As at the 2024 Annual General Meeting, this corresponded to
199.5 million shares. Thereof, a volume of up to 5% of the total share capital or 99.7 million shares can be purchased by
using derivatives, including derivatives with a volume of up to 2% of the total share capital with a maturity exceeding 18
months. These authorizations replaced the authorizations of the previous year. During the period from the 2024 Annual
General Meeting until December 31, 2024, 20.9 million shares were purchased for cancellation with the purpose of
distributing capital to shareholders. The number of shares held in Treasury from buybacks amounted to 49.6 million as of
December 31, 2024. Thereof 46.4 million shares relate to shares bought back for cancellation as part of the € 675 million
share buyback program in 2024. The remaining volume of 3.1 million shares relates to shares to be used for equity
compensation purposes in upcoming periods.
Since the 2017 Annual General Meeting, renewed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting, and as of December 31, 2024,
authorized capital available to the Management Board is € 2,560 million (1,000 million shares).
Since the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the Management Board is authorized to issue participatory notes and other hybrid
debt securities that fulfill the regulatory requirements to qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital with an equivalent value of
€ 9.0 billion on or before April 30, 2027. Deutsche Bank issued € 4.25 billion new AT1 notes under this authorization,
thereof € 3.0 billion new AT1 notes were issued in 2024.
The current CRR as applicable since June 27, 2019, provides further grandfathering rules for AT1 and Tier 2 instruments
issued prior to June 27, 2019. AT1 and Tier 2 instruments issued through special purpose entities were grandfathered until
December 31, 2021. In 2024, transitional arrangements only exist for AT1 and Tier 2 instruments which continue to qualify
until June 26, 2025, even if they do not meet certain new requirements that apply since June 27, 2019. Deutsche Bank had
an immaterial number of instruments that qualified during 2024.
Based on the current CRR, the amount recognized as regulatory AT1 capital amounted to € 11.4 billion. The corresponding
nominal amount of outstanding AT1 instruments was € 11.6 billion as of December 2024. In 2024, the bank issued new
AT1 notes with a nominal amount of € 3.0 billion.
As of December 31, 2024, the amount recognized as regulatory Tier 2 amounted capital to € 7.7 billion. The corresponding
nominal amount of outstanding Tier 2 instruments was € 11.8 billion as of December 2024. In 2024, Tier 2 instruments with
a nominal value of € 104.4 million matured. There were no new issuances of Tier 2 instruments in 2024.

122

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Minimum capital requirements and additional capital buffers
The Pillar 1 CET 1 minimum capital requirement applicable to the Group is 4.50% of RWA. The Pillar 1 total capital
requirement of 8.00% demands further resources that may be met with up to 1.50% Additional Tier 1 capital and up to
2.00% Tier 2 capital.
Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in supervisory measures such as restrictions of profit distributions
or limitations on certain businesses such as lending. Deutsche Bank complied with the minimum regulatory capital
adequacy requirements in 2024.
In addition to these minimum capital requirements, the following combined capital buffer requirements were fully
effective beginning 2024 onwards. These buffer requirements must be met in addition to the Pillar 1 minimum capital
requirements but can be drawn down in times of economic stress.
The capital conservation buffer is implemented in Section 10c German Banking Act, based on Article 129 CRD and equals
a requirement of 2.50% CET 1 capital of RWA.
The countercyclical capital buffer is deployed in a jurisdiction when excess credit growth is associated with an increase in
system-wide risk. It may vary between 0% and 2.50% CET 1 capital of RWA. In exceptional cases, it could also be higher
than 2.50%. The institution-specific countercyclical buffer that applies to Deutsche Bank is the weighted average of the
countercyclical capital buffers that apply in the jurisdictions where relevant credit exposures are located. As per December
31, 2024, the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer was at 0.49%.
In addition to the aforementioned buffers, national authorities, such as the BaFin, may require a systemic risk buffer to
prevent and mitigate long-term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks that are not covered by the CRR. They can
require an additional buffer of up to 5.00% CET 1 capital of RWA. As of the year end 2024, the systemic risk buffer applied
to Deutsche Bank is 0.22%.
Deutsche Bank continues to be designated as a global systemically important institution (G-SII) by the BaFin in agreement
with the Deutsche Bundesbank, resulting in a G-SII buffer requirement of 1.50% CET 1 capital of RWA in 2024 based on
the indicators as published in 2020. This assessment has been confirmed by the FSB in 2024. Further, BaFin has announced
that the G-SII buffer requirement for Deutsche Bank will remain unchanged for the years 2025 and 2026.
Additionally, Deutsche Bank has been classified by BaFin in agreement with the Deutsche Bundesbank as an “other
systemically important institution” (O-SII) with an additional capital buffer requirement of 2.00% in 2023 that has to be
met on a consolidated level and remained unchanged for 2024 and 2025. The higher of the buffers for systemically
important institutions (G-SII buffer or O-SII buffer) must be applied.
Pursuant to the Pillar 2 SREP, the ECB may impose capital requirements on individual banks which are more stringent than
statutory requirements (so-called Pillar 2 requirement).
In December 2023, the ECB informed Deutsche Bank of its decision effective January 1, 2024, that the bank’s Pillar 2
requirement changed compared to 2023. This results in ECB’s Pillar 2 requirement to 2.65% of RWA. As of December 31,
2024, Deutsche Bank needs to maintain on a consolidated basis a CET 1 ratio of at least 11.20%, a Tier 1 ratio of at least
13.20% and a Total Capital ratio of at least 15.86%. The CET 1 requirement comprises the Pillar 1 minimum capital
requirement of 4.50%, the Pillar 2 requirement (SREP add-on) of 1.49%, the capital conservation buffer of 2.50%, the
countercyclical buffer of 0.49% and the systemic risk buffer of 0.22% (both subject to changes throughout the year) as well
as the higher of our G-SII/O-SII buffer of 2.00%. Correspondingly, the Tier 1 capital requirement includes additionally a Tier
1 minimum capital requirement of 1.50% plus a Pillar 2 requirement of 0.50%, and the Total Capital requirement includes
further a Tier 2 minimum capital requirement of 2.00% and a Pillar 2 requirement of 0.66%. Also, following the results of
the 2023 SREP, the ECB communicated to Deutsche Bank an individual expectation to hold a further Pillar 2 CET 1 capital
add-on, commonly referred to as the Pillar 2 guidance. The capital add-on pursuant to the Pillar 2 guidance is separate
from and in addition to the Pillar 2 requirement. The ECB has stated that it expects banks to meet the Pillar 2 guidance
although it is not legally binding, and failure to meet the Pillar 2 guidance does not lead to automatic restrictions of capital
distributions.
On December 10, 2024, Deutsche Bank was informed by the ECB of its decision regarding prudential minimum capital
requirements for 2025 that applies from January 1, 2025, onwards, following the results of the 2024 SREP. The decision
set ECB’s Pillar 2 requirement to 2.90% of RWA, effective as of January 1, 2025, of which at least 1.63% must be covered
by CET 1 capital and 2.18% by Tier 1 capital.

123

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

The following table gives an overview of the different Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 minimum capital buffer requirements (but
excluding the Pillar 2 guidance) as applicable to Deutsche Bank for the years 2024 and 2025.
Overview total capital requirements and capital buffers
Pillar 1
Minimum CET 1 requirement
Combined buffer requirement
Capital Conservation Buffer
Countercyclical Buffer¹
Systemic Risk Buffer²
Maximum of:
G-SII Buffer
O-SII Buffer
Pillar 2
Pillar 2 SREP Add-on of Total capital (excluding the "Pillar 2" guidance)
of which covered by CET 1 capital
of which covered by Tier 1 capital
of which covered by Tier 2 capital
Total CET 1 requirement from Pillar 1 and 2³
Total Tier 1 requirement from Pillar 1 and 2
Total capital requirement from Pillar 1 and 2

2024

2025

4.50%
5.21%
2.50%
0.49%
0.22%
2.00%
1.50%
2.00%

4.50%
5.23%
2.50%
0.51%
0.22%
2.00%
1.50%
2.00%

2.65%
1.49%
1.99%
0.66%
11.20%
13.20%
15.86%

2.90%
1.63%
2.18%
0.72%
11.36%
13.41%
16.13%

Deutsche Bank’s countercyclical buffer requirement is subject to country-specific buffer rates decreed by EBA and the Basel Committee of Banking Supervision (BCBS)
as well as Deutsche Bank’s relevant credit exposures as per respective reporting date; the countercyclical buffer rate for 2025 has been calculated to be 0.51% based on
known countercyclical buffer changes in 2025. The countercyclical buffer is subject to Deutsche Bank portfolio changes and further changes of countercyclical buffer
rates throughout the year
2
The Systemic risk buffer rate for 2025 has been calculated to be 0.22% based on known systemic risk buffer changes in 2025. The Systemic risk buffer is subject to
Deutsche Bank portfolio changes and further changes in systemic risk buffer rates throughout the year
3
The total Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 CET 1 requirement (excluding the “Pillar 2” guidance) is calculated as the sum of the SREP requirement, the systemic risk buffer requirement,
the capital conservation buffer requirement and countercyclical buffer requirement as well as the higher of the G-SII/O-SII requirement
1

Development of Own Funds
Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 capital as of December 31, 2024, amounted to € 49.5 billion, an increase of € 1.4 billion compared
to € 48.1 billion at the end of 2023. AT1 capital was € 11.4 billion as of December 31, 2024, an increase of € 3.1 billion
compared to € 8.3 billion at the end of 2023. Tier 1 capital was € 60.8 billion as of December 31, 2024, compared to
€ 56.4 billion at the end of 2023. Tier 2 capital amounted to € 7.7 billion as of December 31, 2024, a decrease of
€ 0.9 billion compared to € 8.6 billion at the end of 2023. Total capital amounted to € 68.5 billion December 31, 2024, an
increase of € 3.5 billion compared to € 65.0 billion at the end of 2023.
CET 1 capital increased by € 1.4 billion during 2024. This development included a net profit of € 3.4 billion for the year
2024 reduced by regulatory deductions for future shareholder distribution and AT1 coupon payments of € 2.6 billion
which is in line with the ECB Decision (EU) (2015/656) on the recognition of interim or year-end profits in CET 1 capital in
accordance with the Article 26(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (ECB/2015/4). In addition, CET 1 capital increased due
to adoption of the temporary treatment of unrealized gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance
with Article 468 CRR by € 1.0 billion, lower deferred tax assets of € 0.7 billion and a reduction in prudential filters of
€ 0.3 billion which includes additional value adjustments as well as gains and losses arising due to changes in own credit
risk on fair valued liabilities. The increase was partially offset by completed share buybacks of € 0.7 billion during the year
and an increase in deduction for expected loss shortfall by € 0.7 billion which is mainly due to amended Internal RatingsBased Approach models following model approval by ECB.
The AT1 capital increase of € 3.1 billion was mainly due to the issuance of two new AT1 capital instruments during the year
amounting to € 1.5 billion each.
The Tier 2 capital decrease of € 0.9 billion was mainly due to amortization of € 1.0 billion and € 0.4 billion in carrying
amount change arising from accrued interest and fair value hedge. This was partially offset by € 0.4 billion due to foreign
exchange effects.

124

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Own Funds Template (including RWA and capital ratios)
in € m.

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital: instruments and reserves
Capital instruments, related share premium accounts and other reserves
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Independently reviewed interim profits net of any foreseeable charge or dividend1
Other
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital before regulatory adjustments
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital: regulatory adjustments
Additional value adjustments (negative amount)
Other prudential filters (other than additional value adjustments)
Goodwill and other intangible assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from
temporary differences (net of related tax liabilities where the conditions in Art. 38 (3)
CRR are met) (negative amount)
Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts
Defined benefit pension fund assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by an institution of own CET 1 instruments (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET 1 instruments of financial sector entities where
the institution has a significant investment in those entities (amount above the 10%/15% thresholds and net of
eligible short positions) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liabilities where the conditions in Art. 38 (3)
CRR are met) (amount above the 10%/15% thresholds) (negative amount)
Regulatory adjustments relating to unrealized gains and losses pursuant to
Art. 468 CRR
Other regulatory adjustments2
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: instruments
Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts
Amount of qualifying items referred to in Art. 484 (4) CRR and the related share
premium accounts subject to phase out from AT1
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital before regulatory adjustments

Dec 31,
2024

Dec 31,
2023

CRR/CRD

CRR/CRD

44,130
19,978
(1,229)
801
1,020
64,700

44,908
16,509
(1,760)
3,493
973
64,124

(1,680)
95
(5,277)

(1,727)
(126)
(5,014)

(3,463)
(3,037)
(1,173)
0

(4,207)
(2,386)
(920)
(0)

0

0

0

0

1,012
(1,721)
(15,244)
49,457

0
(1,679)
(16,058)
48,066

11,508

8,578

0
11,508

0
8,578

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: regulatory adjustments
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by an institution of own AT1 instruments
(negative amount)
Residual amounts deducted from AT1 capital with regard to deduction from CET 1 capital during the transitional
period pursuant to Art. 472 CRR
Other regulatory adjustments
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital
Tier 1 capital (T1 = CET 1 + AT1)

(130)

(250)

0
(130)
11,378
60,835

0
(250)
8,328
56,395

Tier 2 (T2) capital
Total capital (TC = T1 + T2)
Total risk-weighted assets

7,676
68,511
357,427

8,610
65,005
349,742

13.8
17.0
19.2

13.7
16.1
18.6

Capital ratios
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets)
Tier 1 capital ratio (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets)
Total capital ratio (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets)

Full year profit is recognized as per ECB Decision (EU) 2015/656 in accordance with the Article 26(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (ECB/2015/4); current year profits
of € 3.4 billion reduced by deductions for AT1 coupons of € 475 million and deductions for announced distribution to shareholders in relation to FY 2024 of € 2.1 billion,
which includes an intended dividend of € 1.3 billion (68 Cents per share) and the ECB approved share buyback of € 750 million
2 Includes capital deductions of € 1.4 billion (December 2023: € 1.4 billion) based on ECB guidance on irrevocable payment commitments related to the Single Resolution
Fund and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, € 0.3 billion (December 2023: € 0.3 billion) based on ECB's supervisory recommendation for a prudential provisioning of nonperforming exposures
1

125

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Reconciliation of shareholders’ equity to Own Funds
CRR/CRD
in € m.

Total shareholders’ equity per accounting balance sheet
Deconsolidation/Consolidation of entities
Of which:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Total shareholders' equity per regulatory balance sheet
Minority Interests (amount allowed in consolidated CET 1)
AT1 coupon and shareholder distribution deduction1
Capital instruments not eligible under CET 1 as per CRR 28(1)
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital before regulatory adjustments
Prudential filters
Of which:
Additional value adjustments
Any increase in equity that results from securitized assets
Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges and gains or losses on liabilities designated
at fair value resulting from changes in own credit standing
Regulatory adjustments
Of which:
Goodwill and other intangible assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability
Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts
Defined benefit pension fund assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET 1 instruments of financial sector entities
where the institution has a significant investment in those entities
Securitization positions not included in risk-weighted assets
Regulatory adjustments relating to unrealized gains and losses pursuant to Art. 468 CRR
Others2
Common Equity Tier 1 capital

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

66,276
(24)

64,486
(35)

0
(24)
0
66,252
1,020
(2,565)
(7)
64,700
(1,585)

0
(35)
0
64,451
973
(1,279)
(21)
64,124
(1,853)

(1,680)
0

(1,727)
(0)

95
(13,659)

(126)
(14,205)

(5,277)
(3,463)
(3,037)
(1,173)

(5,014)
(4,207)
(2,386)
(920)

0
0
1,012
(1,721)
49,457

0
0
0
(1,679)
48,066

Full year profit is recognized as per ECB Decision (EU) 2015/656 in accordance with the Article 26(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (ECB/2015/4); current year
deductions include deductions for AT1 coupons of € 475 million and deductions for announced distribution to shareholders in relation to FY 2024 of € 2.1 billion, which
includes an intended dividend of € 1.3 billion (68 Cents per share) and the ECB approved share buyback of € 750 million
2
Negative amounts from expected loss shortfall has been disclosed separately in the current year which was shown as part of 'Other Regulatory Adjustments' for the
previous year and includes capital deductions of € 1.4 billion (December 2023: € 1.4 billion) based on ECB guidance on irrevocable payment commitments related to the
Single Resolution Fund and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, € 0.3 billion (December 2023: € 0.3 billion) based on ECB’s supervisory recommendation for a prudential
provisioning of non-performing exposures
1

126

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Development of Own Funds
CRR/CRD

in € m.

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital - opening amount
Common shares, net effect
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Common shares in treasury, net effect/(+) sales (–) purchase
Movements in accumulated other comprehensive income
AT1 coupon and shareholder distribution deduction¹
Additional value adjustments
Goodwill and other intangible assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability (excluding those arising from temporary differences)
Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts
Defined benefit pension fund assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET 1 instruments of financial sector entities
where the institution has a significant investment in those entities
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% and 15% threshold,
net of related tax liabilities where the conditions in Art. 38 (3) CRR are met)
Other, including regulatory adjustments
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital - closing amount
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) Capital – opening amount
New Additional Tier 1 eligible capital issues
Matured and called instruments
Other, including regulatory adjustments
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) Capital – closing amount
Tier 1 capital
Tier 2 (T2) capital – closing amount
Total regulatory capital
1

twelve months
ended
Dec 31, 2024

twelve months
ended
Dec 31, 2023

48,066

48,097

(115)
(430)
3,341
(232)
530
(2,565)
47
(263)
744
(651)
(253)

(69)
(332)
4,794
(150)
(445)
(1,279)
300
11
(962)
(1,920)
230

0

0

0
1,238
49,457
8,328
2,950
0
100
11,378
60,835
7,676
68,511

0
(208)
48,066
8,518
0
0
(190)
8,328
56,395
8,610
65,005

Full year profit is recognized as per ECB Decision (EU) 2015/656 in accordance with the Article 26(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (ECB/2015/4); current year
deductions include deductions for AT1 coupons of € 475 million and deductions for announced distribution to shareholders in relation to FY 2024 of € 2.1 billion, which
includes an intended dividend of € 1.3 billion (68 Cents per share) and the ECB approved share buyback of € 750 million

127

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Minimum loss coverage for Non Performing Exposure (NPE)
In April 2019, the EU published requirements Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the CRR (Regulation (EU) No 575/2013)
for a prudential backstop reserve for non-performing exposure (NPE). This regulation results in a Pillar 1 deduction from
CET 1 capital when a minimum loss coverage requirement is not met. It is applied to exposures originated and defaulted
after April 25, 2019.
In addition, in March 2018, the ECB published its “Addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans:
supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of non-performing exposures” and in August 2019, its
“Communication on supervisory coverage expectations for NPEs”.
The ECB guidance issued is applicable to all newly defaulted loans after April 1, 2018 (ECB - new NPE’s after April 1, 2018)
and, similar to the EU rules, it requires banks to take measures in case a minimum impairment coverage requirement is not
met. Within the annual SREP discussions ECB may impose Pillar 2 measures on banks in case ECB is not confident with
measure taken by the individual bank.
For the year end 2020, the bank introduced a framework to determine the prudential provisioning of non-performing
exposure as a Pillar 2 measure as requested in the before mentioned ECB’s guidance and SREP recommendation.
For the minimum loss coverage expectation for NPE´s arising from clients defaulted before April 1, 2018 (ECB – NPE Stock)
a phase-in path to 100% coverage expectation was envisaged with an annual increase of 10%. In a first step, banks were
allocated to three comparable groups on the basis of the bank’s net NPL ratios as of end-2017 and in a second step an
assessment of capacity regarding the potential impact was carried out for each individual bank with a horizon of end-2026.
Deutsche Bank has been assigned to Group 1 which requires a full applicability of 100% minimum loss coverage by year
end 2024 for secured loans respectively by year end 2023 for unsecured loans.
The shortfall between the minimum loss coverage requirements for non-performing exposure and the risk reserves
recorded in line with the IFRS 9 for defaulted (Stage 3) assets amounted to € 302 million as of December 31, 2024 and was
deducted from CET 1. This additional CET 1 charge can be considered as additional regulatory loss reserve and leads to a
€ 2.7 billion RWA relief.
Non-performing exposure loss coverage
Dec 31, 2024

in € m. (unless
stated otherwise)

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total
1

Exposure value¹

Total minimum
coverage
requirement

Available
coverage

Applicable
amount of
insufficient
coverage

4,107
9,602
8,139
0
969
22,817

696
3,355
1,224
0
58
5,334

1,818
4,986
3,674
0
177
10,654

48
171
53
0
29
302

Exposure value in accordance with Article 47c CRR
Dec 31, 2023

in € m. (unless
stated otherwise)

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total
1

Exposure value¹

Total minimum
coverage
requirement

Available
coverage

Applicable
amount of
insufficient
coverage

3,745
9,415
6,621
0
491
20,271

650
3,684
1,428
0
59
5,820

1,299
4,753
3,169
0
98
9,319

51
223
43
0
4
322

Exposure value in accordance with Article 47c CRR

128

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Development of risk-weighted assets
The table below provides an overview of RWA broken down by risk type and corporate division. It includes the aggregated
effects of the segmental reallocation of infrastructure related positions, if applicable, as well as reallocations between the
segments.
Risk-weighted assets by risk type and corporate division
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Credit Risk
Settlement Risk
Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA)
Market Risk
Operational Risk
Total

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total

67,115
0
29
248
10,784
78,176

95,869
4
2,907
16,270
14,775
129,825

82,655
0
161
27
14,438
97,281

13,683
0
0
31
4,700
18,414

17,633
11
334
2,390
13,363
33,732

276,955
15
3,431
18,965
58,061
357,427

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total

63,156
0
82
181
5,568
68,987

94,246
1
4,654
19,019
21,611
139,532

78,422
13
110
22
7,659
86,226

11,652
0
0
28
3,475
15,155

18,314
0
429
2,260
18,839
39,842

265,789
14
5,276
21,510
57,153
349,742

Dec 31, 2023
in € m.

Credit Risk
Settlement Risk
Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA)
Market Risk
Operational Risk
Total

RWA of Deutsche Bank were € 357.4 billion as of December 31, 2024, compared to € 349.7 billion at the end of 2023. The
increase of € 7.7 billion was driven by credit risk RWA and operational risk RWA, partially offset by market risk RWA and
credit valuation adjustment RWA. Credit risk RWA increased by € 11.2 billion, primarily driven by business growth,
refinements of internal models, foreign exchange movements, increased equity positions in guaranteed funds and higher
RWA for deferred tax assets. These increases were partially offset by credit risk RWA reductions from capital efficiency
measures especially within the Corporate Bank and the Investment Bank. Deutsche Bank´s operational risk RWA increased
by € 0.9 billion, mainly driven by increased internal losses as well as the adverse development of external losses feeding
into the capital model. Market risk RWA decreased by € 2.5 billion, primarily driven by Value-at-Risk component due to
overall lower market volatility and reduced risk levels, which also resulted in a reduction of the Stressed-Value-at-Risk
(SVaR) and the incremental risk charge components. Credit valuation adjustment RWA decreased by € 1.8 billion, mainly
driven by a movement in risk levels and a reduction from market data changes.
The tables below provide an analysis of key drivers for risk-weighted asset movements observed for credit risk, credit
valuation adjustments as well as market and operational risk in the reporting period. They also show the corresponding
movements in minimum capital requirements, which are 8% of RWA.
Development of risk-weighted assets for Credit Risk including Counterparty Credit Risk
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Credit risk RWA balance, beginning of year
Book size
Book quality
Model updates
Methodology and policy
Acquisition and disposals
Foreign exchange movements
Other
Credit risk RWA balance, end of year

Dec 31, 2023

Credit risk RWA

Capital
requirements

Credit risk RWA

Capital
requirements

265,789
4,944
(7,793)
3,668
3,443
0
5,410
1,494
276,955

21,263
396
(623)
293
275
0
433
119
22,156

269,214
(3,694)
(886)
298
5,831
571
(4,174)
(1,371)
265,789

21,537
(296)
(71)
24
466
46
(334)
(110)
21,263

129

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Of which: Development of risk-weighted assets for Counterparty Credit Risk
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Counterparty credit risk RWA balance, beginning of year
Book size
Book quality
Model updates
Methodology and policy
Acquisition and disposals
Foreign exchange movements
Other
Counterparty credit risk RWA balance, end of year

Dec 31, 2023

Counterparty
credit risk RWA

Capital
requirements

Counterparty
credit risk RWA

Capital
requirements

19,868
(1,194)
(47)
186
0
0
657
0
19,470

1,589
(96)
(4)
15
0
0
53
0
1,558

23,589
(4,664)
1,278
0
312
0
(646)
0
19,868

1,887
(373)
102
0
25
0
(52)
0
1,589

Organic changes in the Group´s portfolio size and composition are considered in the category “book size”. The category
“book quality” mainly represents the effects from portfolio rating migrations, loss given default, model parameter
recalibrations as well as collateral and netting coverage activities. “Model updates” include model refinements and
advanced model roll out. RWA movements resulting from externally, regulatory-driven changes, e.g., applying new
regulations, are considered in the “methodology and policy” section. “Acquisition and disposals” shows significant
exposure movements which can be clearly assigned to new businesses or disposal-related activities. Changes that cannot
be attributed to the above categories are reflected in the category “other”.
RWA for credit risk increased by € 11.2 billion, or 4.2%, since December 31, 2023, which is mainly driven by the categories
“foreign exchange movements”, “book size”, “model updates”, “methodology and policy” as well as “other” and was partly
offset by category “book quality”. The increase in category “book size” is reflecting Deutsche Bank´s business growth in
2024 and increased equity shares in guaranteed funds, partly offset by capital efficiency measures in the form of synthetic
securitizations in the Corporate Bank, the Private Bank and the Investment Bank. Furthermore, credit risk RWA increased
in the category “model updates” compared to 2023, mainly driven by a refinement of internal model for loss given default
calculation and a margin of conservatism applied on a key model input. The category “methodology and policy” mainly
reflects impacts from the introduction of new models due to regulatory changes, including impacts from an early adoption
of rules as per CRR3, which was partly offset by impacts from the remediation of regulatory obligations. Additionally, the
increase in category “other” reflects higher RWA for deferred tax assets and investments in financial sector entities. The
aforementioned increases were partly offset by decreases in category “book quality” which is mainly driven by RWA
reductions from capital efficiency measures, partly offset by counterparty rating deteriorations.
RWA for counterparty credit risk decreased by € 0.4 billion, or 2.0%, since December 31, 2023, mainly driven by the
decrease in category “book size” reflecting a change in the derivative portfolio with reduced risk weights, which more than
compensated the increase in exposures. Additionally, exposures for SFTs decreased. These decreases were partly offset
by increases in categories “foreign exchange movements” and “model updates” reflecting an update to the determination
of input parameters.
Based on the CRR/CRD regulatory framework, Deutsche Bank is required to calculate RWA using the CVA which takes into
account the credit quality of our counterparties. RWA for CVA covers the risk of mark-to-market losses on the expected
counterparty risk in connection with OTC derivative exposures and securities financing transactions. Deutsche Bank
calculates the majority of the CVA based on our own internal model as approved by the BaFin.
Development of risk-weighted assets for Credit Valuation Adjustment
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

CVA RWA balance, beginning of year
Movement in risk levels
Market data changes and recalibrations
Model updates
Methodology and policy
Acquisitions and disposals
Foreign exchange movements
CVA RWA balance, end of year

Dec 31, 2023

CVA RWA

Capital
requirements

CVA RWA

Capital
requirements

5,276
(1,205)
(640)
0
0
0
0
3,431

422
(96)
(51)
0
0
0
0
274

6,184
170
(656)
(683)
261
0
0
5,276

495
14
(52)
(55)
21
0
0
422

The development of CVA RWA is broken down into a number of categories: “Movement in risk levels”, which includes
changes to the portfolio size and composition; “Market data changes and calibrations”, which includes changes in market
data levels and volatilities as well as recalibrations; “Model updates”, which refers to changes to either the IMM credit
exposure models or the value-at-risk models that are used for CVA RWA; “Methodology and policy”, which relates to
changes to the regulation. Any significant business acquisitions or disposals would be presented in the category
“Acquisitions and disposals”.

130

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

As of December 31, 2024, the RWA for CVA amounted to € 3.4billion, representing a decrease of € 1.8billion (-35%)
compared to December 31, 2023. This includes € 1.2billion decrease in movement in risk levels and € 0.6billion decrease
in market data changes.
Development of risk-weighted assets for Market Risk
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Market risk RWA balance, beginning of year
Movement in risk levels
Market data changes and recalibrations
Model updates/changes
Methodology and policy
Acquisitions and disposals
Foreign exchange movements
Other
Market risk RWA balance, end of year

VaR

SVaR

IRC

Other

Total RWA

Total capital
requirements

3,750
(307)
(767)
29
0
0
0
0
2,705

7,090
(513)
(336)
(37)
0
0
0
0
6,204

7,129
(860)
0
0
0
0
0
0
6,268

3,542
(194)
330
0
0
0
109
0
3,787

21,510
(1,874)
(773)
(8)
0
0
109
0
18,965

1,721
(150)
(62)
(1)
0
0
9
0
1,517
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Market risk RWA balance, beginning of year
Movement in risk levels
Market data changes and recalibrations
Model updates/changes
Methodology and policy
Acquisitions and disposals
Foreign exchange movements
Other
Market risk RWA balance, end of year

VaR

SVaR

IRC

Other

Total RWA

Total capital
requirements

7,413
(1,901)
(393)
77
(1,446)
0
0
0
3,750

12,221
(1,724)
(10)
(663)
(2,735)
0
0
0
7,090

3,639
3,647
0
(158)
0
0
0
0
7,129

2,857
72
(53)
0
722
0
(57)
0
3,542

26,131
95
(456)
(745)
(3,459)
0
(57)
0
21,510

2,091
8
(36)
(60)
(277)
0
(5)
0
1,721

The analysis for market risk covers movements in the bank’s internal models for value-at-risk (VaR), stressed value-at-risk,
incremental risk charge (IRC) as well as results from the market risk standardized approach (MRSA), which is captured in
the category “Other”. MRSA is used to determine the regulatory capital charge for the specific market risk of trading book
securitizations, for certain types of investment funds and for longevity risk as set out in CRR/CRD regulations.
Market risk RWA movements due to changes in market data levels, volatilities, correlations, liquidity and ratings are
included under the “Market data changes and recalibrations” category. Changes to market risk RWA internal models, such
as methodology enhancements or risk scope extensions, are included in the category “Model updates”. In the
“Methodology and policy” category regulatory driven changes to market risk RWA models and calculations are reported.
Significant new businesses and disposals would be assigned to the line item “Acquisition and disposals”. The impacts of
“Foreign exchange movements” are only calculated for the CRM and Standardized approach methods.
As of December 31, 2024 the RWA for market risk was € 19.0 billion, a decrease of € 2.5 billion, or -12% since December
31, 2023. The decrease was driven by lower value-at-risk RWA due to roll-off of high market volatility period of Q2 2023
from the historical VaR observation period and lower stressed value-at-risk RWA due to overall reduced risk levels in Q4
2024 under Fixed Income and Currencies Trading business. Similarly, reduction in incremental risk charge RWA is driven
by reduced risk levels under Fixed Income and Currencies Trading business.
Development of risk-weighted assets for operational risk
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Operational risk RWA balance, beginning of year
Loss profile changes (internal and external)
Expected loss development
Forward looking risk component
Model updates
Methodology and policy
Acquisitions and disposals
Operational risk RWA balance, end of year

Dec 31, 2023

Operational risk
RWA

Capital
requirements

Operational risk
RWA

Capital
requirements

57,153
1,352
(211)
(37)
(174)
(23)
0
58,061

4,572
108
(17)
(3)
(14)
(2)
0
4,645

58,349
(1,577)
150
130
0
100
0
57,153

4,668
(126)
12
10
0
8
0
4,572

131

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Changes in internal and external loss events are reflected in the category “Loss profile changes”. The category “Expected
loss development” is based on divisional business plans as well as historical losses and is deducted from the AMA capital
figure within certain constraints. The category “Forward looking risk component” reflects qualitative adjustments and, as
such, the effectiveness and performance of the day-to-day operational risk management activities via Non-Financial Risk
appetite metrics and Risk and Control Assessment (RCA) scores, focusing on the business environment and internal control
factors. The category “Model updates” covers model refinements, such as the implementation of model changes. The
category “Methodology and policy” represents externally driven changes such as regulatory add-ons. The category
“Acquisition and disposals” represents significant exposure movements which can be clearly assigned to new or disposed
businesses.
The overall increase of RWA for operational risk by € 0.9 billion during 2024 was mainly driven by increased internal losses
as well as the adverse development of external losses feeding into our capital model.

Economic Capital
Economic capital adequacy
Deutsche Bank’s internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP) aims at maintaining the continuity of the bank on
an ongoing basis. Internal capital adequacy is assessed from an economic perspective as the ratio of economic capital
supply divided by economic capital demand as shown in the table below.
Total economic capital supply and demand
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Components of economic capital supply
Shareholders' equity
Noncontrolling interests¹
AT1 coupons deduction
Gain on sale of securitizations, cash flow hedges
Fair value gains on own debt and debt valuation adjustments, subject to own credit risk
Additional valuation adjustments
Intangible assets
IFRS deferred tax assets excl. temporary differences
Expected loss shortfall
Defined benefit pension fund assets
Other adjustments
Economic capital supply

65,535
957
(475)
(36)
131
(1,680)
(3,847)
(4,073)
(3,037)
(1,174)
(4,182)
48,119

64,486
899
(381)
(45)
(82)
(1,727)
(3,692)
(4,737)
(2,386)
(947)
(3,782)
47,607

Components of economic capital demand
Credit risk
Market risk
Operational risk
Strategic risk
Diversification benefit
Total economic capital demand

12,507
8,667
4,645
1,936
(3,530)
24,225

11,875
8,328
4,572
1,874
(3,385)
23,265

Economic capital adequacy ratio

199%

205%

1

Includes noncontrolling interest up to the economic capital requirement for each subsidiary

The economic capital adequacy ratio was 199% as of December 31, 2024, compared with 205% as of December 31, 2023.
The overall decline was due to an increase in economic capital demand for credit risk and market risk, which is explained
in the section “Risk Profile”. This was partly offset by an increase in economic capital supply.
The increase in economic capital supply by € 0.5 billion compared to year-end 2023 was mainly driven by a positive net
income of € 3.4 billion, currency translation adjustments of € 0.9 billion and lower capital deductions for IFRS deferred tax
assets excluding temporary differences of € 0.7 billion. These increases were partly offset by deductions for future
shareholder distribution and AT1 coupon payments of € 2.6 billion as well as higher capital deduction from expected loss
shortfall of € 0.7 billion which is mainly due to amended Internal Ratings-Based Approach models following model
approval by ECB. Additionally, economic capital supply decreased due to completed share buybacks of € 0.7 billion in
2024, increase in unrealized losses of € 0.4 billion and higher capital deduction from defined benefit pension fund assets
of € 0.2 billion.

132

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Leverage Ratio
Leverage Ratio according to CRR/CRD framework
The non-risk-based leverage ratio is intended to act as a supplementary measure to the risk-based capital requirements.
Its objectives are to constrain the build-up of leverage in the banking sector, helping avoid destabilizing deleveraging
processes which can damage the broader financial system and the economy, and to reinforce the risk-based requirements
with a simple, non-risk based “backstop” measure.
A minimum leverage ratio requirement of 3% was introduced effective June 28, 2021. Starting with January 1, 2023, an
additional leverage ratio buffer requirement of 50% of the applicable G-SII buffer rate applies. This additional requirement
equals 0.75% for Deutsche Bank. Furthermore, the European Central Bank has set a Pillar 2 requirement for the leverage
ratio for the first time; effective January 1, 2024, this requirement is 0.10%. This adds up to an overall leverage ratio
requirement of 3.85%. Also, following the results of the 2023 SREP, the ECB communicated to Deutsche Bank an individual
expectation to hold a further Pillar 2 Tier 1 capital add-on in relation to the leverage ratio, commonly referred to as the
Pillar 2 guidance. The capital add-on pursuant to the Pillar 2 guidance is separate from and in addition to the Pillar 2
requirement. The ECB has stated that it expects banks to meet the Pillar 2 guidance although it is not legally binding, and
failure to meet the Pillar 2 guidance does not lead to automatic restrictions of capital distributions.
Deutsche Bank calculates its leverage ratio exposure in accordance with Articles 429 to 429g of the CRR.
The Group’s total leverage ratio exposure includes derivatives, securities financing transactions (SFTs), off-balance sheet
exposure and other on-balance sheet exposure (excluding derivatives and SFTs).
The leverage exposure for derivatives is calculated by using a modified version of the standardized approach for
counterparty credit risk (SA-CCR), comprising the current replacement cost plus a regulatory defined add-on for the
potential future exposure. The effective notional amount of written credit derivatives, i.e., the notional reduced by any
negative fair value changes that have been incorporated in Tier 1 capital is included in the leverage ratio exposure measure;
the resulting exposure measure is further reduced by the effective notional amount of purchased credit derivative
protection on the same reference name provided certain conditions are met.
The SFT component includes the gross receivables for SFTs, which are netted with SFT payables if specific conditions are
met. In addition to the gross exposure a regulatory add-on for the counterparty credit risk is included.
The off-balance sheet exposure component follows the standardized approach for credit risk with credit risk conversion
factors (CCF) depending on the risk category (0% for low risk, 20% for medium/low risk, 50% for medium risk, or 100% for
full risk). For the determination of the leverage exposure a floor of 10% is applied leading to a 10% CCF for the low risk
category.
The on-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives and SFTs) component reflects the accounting values of the assets
(excluding derivatives, SFTs and regular-way purchases and sales awaiting settlement). The exposure value of regular-way
purchases and sales awaiting settlement is determined as offset between those cash receivables and cash payables where
the related regular-way sales and purchases are both settled on a delivery-versus payment basis.
Assets can be excluded from the leverage ratio exposure measure if they have been deducted in the determination of Tier
1 capital. The corresponding regulatory adjustments are reflected in the asset amounts deducted in determining Tier 1
capital component.

133

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

The following tables show the leverage ratio exposure and the leverage ratio. For further details on Tier 1 capital please
also refer to the section “Development of Own Funds”.
Summary reconciliation of accounting assets and leverage ratio exposures
in € bn.

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

1,387

1,312

2
(156)
4

2
(122)
4

158
(79)
1,316

127
(83)
1,240

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

137
152
158
883
(13)

131
99
127
897
(14)

60.8
1,316
4.6

56.4
1,240
4.5

Total assets as per published financial statements
Adjustment for entities which are consolidated for accounting purposes but are outside the scope of
regulatory consolidation
Adjustments for derivative financial instruments
Adjustment for securities financing transactions (SFTs)
Adjustment for off-balance sheet items (i.e. conversion to credit equivalent amounts of off-balance
sheet exposures)
Other adjustments
Leverage ratio total exposure measure

Leverage ratio common disclosure
in € bn.
(unless stated otherwise)

Total derivative exposures
Total securities financing transaction exposures
Total off-balance sheet exposures
Other Assets
Asset amounts deducted in determining Tier 1 capital
Tier 1 capital
Leverage ratio total exposure measure
Leverage ratio (in %)

Description of the factors that had an impact on the leverage ratio in 2024
As of December 31, 2024, the leverage ratio was 4.6% compared to 4.5% as of December 31, 2023. This takes into account
a Tier 1 capital of € 60.8 billion over an applicable exposure measure of € 1,315.9 billion as of December 31, 2024
(€ 56.4 billion and € 1,240.3 billion as of December 31, 2023, respectively).
During the year 2024 the leverage exposure increased by € 75.6 billion to € 1,315.9 billion, largely driven by securities
financing transactions (SFTs) which increased by € 52.7 billion, largely in line with the development on the balance sheet
(for additional information please refer to section “Movements in assets and liabilities” in this report). In addition, offbalance sheet leverage exposures increased by € 30.7 billion corresponding to higher notional amounts for irrevocable
lending commitments and financial guarantees, including impacts from early adoption of rules for commitments as per
Article 5 (10) CRR3. Furthermore, the leverage exposure related to derivatives increased by € 5.6 billion. Asset amounts
deducted in determining Tier 1 capital increased by € 0.9 billion mainly driven by the temporary treatment of unrealized
gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance with Article 468 CRR which applies until year-end 2025.
These increases were partly offset by the leverage exposure for the asset items not related to derivatives and SFTs (other
assets) which decreased by € 14.3 billion largely reflecting the development of the balance sheet: the decrease in cash
and central bank/interbank balances of € 31.0 billion was partly offset by increases in non-derivative trading assets by
€ 5.9 billion, loans by € 4.1 billion and in receivables from unsettled regular way trades by € 4.1 billion on a net basis;
remaining asset items not outlined separately increased by € 2.6 billion.
The development of the leverage exposure in 2024 includes a positive foreign exchange impact of € 32.4 billion mainly
due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Euro. The effects from foreign exchange rate movements are
embedded in the movement of the leverage exposure items discussed in this section.
For main drivers of the Tier 1 capital development please refer to section “Development of Own Funds”.

134

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Minimum Requirement of Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities and Total Loss
Absorbing Capacity
MREL Requirements
The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) was introduced by the European Union’s Regulation
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions (Single Resolution Mechanism
Regulation or SRMR) and the European Union’s Directive establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit
institutions (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) as implemented into German law by the German Recovery
and Resolution Act.
The currently required level of MREL is determined by the competent resolution authorities for each supervised bank
individually, depending on the respective preferred resolution strategy. In the case of Deutsche Bank AG, MREL is
determined by the Single Resolution Board. While there is no statutory minimum level of MREL, the SRMR, BRRD and a
delegated regulation set out criteria which the resolution authority must consider when determining the relevant required
level of MREL. Guidance is provided through an MREL policy published annually by the SRB. Any binding MREL ratio
determined by the SRB is communicated to Deutsche Bank via the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).
As a result of its regular annual review the SRB has updated Deutsche Bank AG’s binding MREL ratio requirements in the
second quarter of 2024 applicable immediately. The MREL ratio requirement on a consolidated basis is now 25.77% of
RWA and 6.95% of LRE of which 19.39% of RWA and 6.95% of LRE must be met with own funds and subordinated
instruments.
The combined buffer requirements of 5.21% as of December 31, 2024 must be met in addition to the RWA based MREL
and subordinated MREL requirements.

TLAC Requirements
Since June 27, 2019, Deutsche Bank, as a global systemically important bank, has also become subject to global minimum
standards for its Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC). The TLAC requirement was implemented via amendments to the
Capital Requirements Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive provided in June 2019 with the publication of
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 and Directive (EU) 2019/878.
This TLAC requirement is based on both risk-based and non-risk-based denominators and set at the higher-of 18% of RWA
plus the combined buffer requirements and 6.75% of LRE since January 1, 2022.

MREL ratio development
As of December 31, 2024, available MREL were € 133.9 billion, corresponding to a ratio of 37.45% of RWA and 10.17% of
LRE. This means that Deutsche Bank has a MREL surplus of € 23.1 billion above Deutsche Bank’s MREL requirement of
€ 110.7 billion (i.e. 30.98% of RWA including combined buffer requirement). Compared to December 31, 2023 the surplus
has increased as a higher MREL requirement and higher RWA were more than offset by higher MREL capacity.
€ 118.5 billion of Deutsche Bank’s available MREL were own funds and subordinated liabilities, corresponding to a MREL
subordination ratio of 33.15% of RWA and 9.0% of LRE, a buffer of € 27.0 billion over Deutsche Bank’s subordination
requirement of € 91.5 billion (i.e. 6.95% of LRE). Compared to December 1, 2023 , the surplus has remained stable.

TLAC ratio development
As of December 31, 2024, TLAC was € 118.5 billion and the corresponding TLAC ratios were 33.15% of RWA and 9.0% of
LRE. This means that Deutsche Bank has a TLAC surplus of € 29.7 billion over its TLAC requirement of € 88.8 billion (6.75%
of LRE). Compared to December 31, 2023 the surplus has remained stable.

135

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

MREL and TLAC disclosure
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

49,457
11,378

48,066
8,328

7,676
628
8,304
69,139

8,610
2,478
11,088
67,483

49,352
0
118,491
0
118,491
8,939
6,441
133,871

46,624
0
114,106
0
114,106
5,538
3,609
123,253

357,427
1,315,906

349,742
1,240,318

TLAC ratio
TLAC ratio (as percentage of RWA)
TLAC requirement (as percentage of RWA)
TLAC ratio (as percentage of Leverage Exposure)
TLAC requirement (as percentage of Leverage Exposure)
TLAC surplus over RWA requirement
TLAC surplus over LRE requirement

33.15
23.21
9.00
6.75
35,538
29,667

32.63
23.14
9.20
6.75
33,167
30,385

MREL subordination
MREL subordination ratio (as percentage of RWA)
MREL subordination requirement (as percentage of RWA)
MREL subordination ratio (as percentage of LRE)
MREL subordination requirement (as percentage of LRE)
MREL subordination surplus over RWA requirement
MREL subordination surplus over LRE requirement

33.15
24.60
9.00
6.95
30,570
27,036

32.63
24.68
9.20
6.92
27,781
28,276

MREL ratio
MREL ratio (as percentage of RWA)
MREL requirement (as percentage of RWA)
MREL ratio (as percentage of LRE)
MREL requirement (as percentage of LRE)
MREL surplus over RWA requirement
MREL surplus over LRE requirement

37.45
30.98
10.17
6.95
23,146
42,415

35.24
30.35
9.94
6.92
17,098
37,424

Regulatory capital elements of TLAC/MREL
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CET 1)
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital instruments eligible under TLAC/MREL
Tier 2 (T2) capital instruments eligible under TLAC/MREL
Tier 2 (T2) capital instruments before TLAC/MREL adjustments
Tier 2 (T2) capital instruments adjustments for TLAC/MREL
Tier 2 (T2) capital instruments eligible under TLAC/MREL
Total regulatory capital elements of TLAC/MREL
Other elements of TLAC/MREL
Senior non-preferred plain vanilla
Holdings of eligible liabilities instruments of other G-SIIs (TLAC only)
Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)
Add back of holdings of eligible liabilities instruments of other G-SIIs (TLAC only)
Available Own Funds and subordinated Eligible Liabilities (subordinated MREL)
Senior preferred plain vanilla
Senior preferred structured
Available Minimum Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL)
Risk Weighted Assets (RWA)
Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE)

136

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Capital, Leverage Ratio, TLAC and MREL

Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities
To meet the MREL and TLAC requirement, Deutsche Bank needs to ensure that enough eligible liabilities instruments are
maintained. Instruments eligible for MREL and TLAC are regulatory capital instruments (own funds) and liabilities that meet
certain criteria, which are referred to as eligible liabilities.
Own funds used for MREL and TLAC include the full amount of Tier 2 capital instruments with a remaining maturity of
greater than 1 year and less than 5 years which are reflected in regulatory capital on a pro-rata basis only.
Eligible liabilities are liabilities issued out of the resolution entity Deutsche Bank AG that meet eligibility criteria which are
supposed to ensure that they are structurally suited as loss-absorbing capital. As a result, eligible liabilities exclude
deposits which are covered by an insurance deposit protection scheme or which are preferred under German insolvency
law (e.g., deposits from private individuals as well as small and medium-sized enterprises). Among other things, secured
liabilities and derivatives liabilities are generally excluded as well. Debt instruments with embedded derivative features
can be included under certain conditions (e.g., a known and fixed or increasing principal). In addition, eligible liabilities must
have a remaining time to maturity of at least one year and must either be issued under the law of a Member State of the
European Union or must include a bail-in clause in their contractual terms to make write-down or conversion effective. The
SRB has granted a transitional period for liabilities issued under UK law on or before November 15, 2018, which do not
include an enforceable and effective bail-in clause but can still be included in eligible liabilities after Brexit until June 28,
2025.
In addition, eligible liabilities need to be subordinated to be counted against the TLAC and MREL subordination
requirements. Effective January 1, 2017, the German Banking Act provided for a new class of statutorily subordinated debt
securities that rank as senior non-preferred below the bank’s other senior liabilities (but in priority to the bank’s
contractually subordinated liabilities, such as those qualifying as Tier 2 instruments). Following a harmonization effort by
the European Union implemented in Germany effective July 21, 2018, banks are permitted to now decide if a specific
issuance of eligible senior debt will be in the non-preferred or in the preferred category. Any such senior non-preferred
debt instruments issued by Deutsche Bank AG under such rules rank on parity with its outstanding debt instruments that
were classified as senior non-preferred under the prior rules. All these senior non-preferred issuances meet the TLAC and
MREL subordination criteria.

137

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Credit Risk Exposure
Deutsche Bank defines its credit exposure by taking into account all transactions where losses might occur due to the fact
that counterparties may not fulfill their contractual payment obligations as defined under ‘Credit Risk Framework’.

Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
The maximum exposure to credit risk table shows the direct exposure before consideration of associated collateral held
and other credit enhancements (netting and hedges) that do not qualify for offset in the financial statements for the
periods specified. The netting credit enhancement component includes the effects of legally enforceable netting
agreements as well as the offset of negative mark-to-markets from derivatives against pledged cash collateral. The
collateral credit enhancement component mainly includes real estate, collateral in the form of cash as well as securitiesrelated collateral. In relation to collateral, the Group applies internally determined haircuts and additionally cap all
collateral values at the level of the respective collateralized exposure.
Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
Dec 31, 2024
Credit Enhancements

in € m.

Financial assets at amortized cost³
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Loans
Other assets subject to credit risk4,5
Total financial assets at amortized cost³
Financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss6
Trading assets
Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Of which:
Securities purchased under resale
agreement
Securities borrowed
Loans
Financial assets designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Total financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through OCI
Of which:
Securities purchased under resale
agreement
Securities borrowed
Loans
Total financial assets at fair value through
OCI
Financial guarantees and other credit
related contingent liabilities⁷
Revocable and irrevocable lending
commitments and other credit related
commitments⁷
Total off-balance sheet
Maximum exposure to credit risk

Maximum
exposure
to credit risk1

Subject to
impairment

Netting

Collateral

Guarantees
and Credit
derivatives2

Total credit
enhancements

147,511
6,169

147,511
6,169

−
−

0
0

−
0

0
0

40,802
44
484,603
82,015
761,144

40,802
44
484,603
76,685
755,814

−
−
−
24,794
24,794

40,580
32
264,252
1,668
306,532

−
−
44,211
270
44,481

40,580
32
308,463
26,732
375,807

134,118

−

−

1,207

612

1,819

291,754

−

229,560

45,613

115

275,288

113,433

−

1,638

103,339

292

105,269

88,736
15,913
1,954

−
−
−

1,638
−
−

87,091
15,671
485

0
0
272

88,729
15,671
757

0

−

−

0

0

0

539,304
42,090

−
42,090

231,198
0

150,159
4,077

1,019
1,168

382,376
5,244

2,786
0
5,068

2,786
0
5,068

−
−
−

2,455
0
454

0
0
1,168

2,455
0
1,621

42,090

42,090

−

4,077

1,168

5,244

73,468

73,467

−

4,410

9,227

13,637

269,699
343,167

268,373
341,840

−
−

21,737
26,147

8,227
17,455

29,964
43,602

1,685,705

1,139,745

255,993

486,915

64,122

807,029

Does not include credit derivative notional sold (€ 597,925 million) and credit derivative notional bought protection
2
Bought Credit protection is reflected with the notional of the underlying
3
All amounts at gross value before deductions of allowance for credit losses
4
All amounts at amortized cost (gross) except for qualifying hedge derivatives, which are reflected at Fair value through P&L
5
Includes Asset Held for Sale regardless of accounting classification
6
Excludes equities, other equity interests and commodities
7
Figures are reflected at notional amounts
1

138

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Credit Enhancements

in € m.

Financial assets at amortized cost³
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Loans
Other assets subject to credit risk4,5
Total financial assets at amortized cost³
Financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss⁶
Trading assets
Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Of which:
Securities purchased under resale
agreement
Securities borrowed
Loans
Financial assets designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Total financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through OCI
Of which:
Securities purchased under resale
agreement
Securities borrowed
Loans
Total financial assets at fair value through
OCI
Financial guarantees and other credit
related contingent liabilities⁷
Revocable and irrevocable lending
commitments and other credit related
commitments⁷
Total off-balance sheet
Maximum exposure to credit risk

Maximum
exposure
to credit risk1

Subject to
impairment

Netting

Collateral

Guarantees
and Credit
derivatives2

Total credit
enhancements

178,424
6,144

178,424
6,144

−
−

0
0

−
0

0
0

14,725
39
478,879
82,826
761,036

14,725
39
478,879
77,520
755,731

−
−
−
24,037
24,037

13,761
33
260,047
914
274,755

−
−
42,191
644
42,835

13,761
33
302,239
25,594
341,626

122,841

−

−

1,458

951

2,408

251,856

−

195,499

40,036

12

235,547

87,153

−

1,931

76,894

92

78,917

65,937
13,036
812

−
−
−

1,931
−
−

63,877
12,863
89

0
0
72

65,807
12,863
160

75

−

−

0

0

0

461,925
35,546

−
35,546

197,430
0

118,388
2,744

1,055
988

316,872
3,732

1,805
0
4,867

1,805
0
4,867

−
−
−

1,740
0
16

0
0
976

1,740
0
991

35,546

35,546

−

2,744

988

3,732

65,131

64,798

−

4,127

7,136

11,263

255,409
320,540

254,016
318,814

−
−

21,736
25,863

6,779
13,915

28,515
39,777

1,579,048

1,110,090

221,466

421,750

58,792

702,008

Does not include credit derivative notional sold (€ 540,063 million) and credit derivative notional bought protection
2
Bought Credit protection is reflected with the notional of the underlying
3
All amounts at gross value before deductions of allowance for credit losses
4
All amounts at amortized cost (gross) except for qualifying hedge derivatives, which are reflected at Fair value through P&L
5
Includes Asset Held for Sale regardless of accounting classification
6
Excludes equities, other equity interests and commodities
7
Figures are reflected at notional amounts
1

The overall increase in maximum exposure to credit risk for December 31, 2024 was € 106.7 billion mainly driven by
increases of € 39.9 billion in positive market values from derivatives financial instruments, € 26.1 billion in central bank
funds sold and securities purchased, € 22.8 billion in securities purchased under resale agreement at fair value through
profit or loss, € 22.6 billion in off-balance sheet exposure, € 11.3 billion in trading assets, € 6.5 billion in financial assets at
fair value through OCI, and € 5.7 billion in loans at amortized cost. These increases were partly offset by a decrease in cash
and central bank balances of € 30.9 billion.
Trading assets as of December 31, 2024, includes traded bonds of € 120.0 billion (€ 112.5 billion as of December 31, 2023)
of which over 82% were investment-grade (over 85% as of December 31, 2023).
Credit Enhancements are split into three categories: netting, collateral and guarantees/credit derivatives. Haircuts,
parameter setting for regular margin calls as well as expert judgments for collateral valuation are employed to prevent
market developments from leading to a build-up of uncollateralized exposures. All categories are monitored and reviewed
regularly. Overall credit enhancements received are diversified and of adequate quality being largely cash, highly rated
government bonds and third-party guarantees mostly from well rated banks and insurance companies. These financial
institutions are domiciled mainly in European countries and the United States. Furthermore, the bank has collateral pools
of highly liquid assets and mortgages (principally consisting of residential properties mainly in Germany) for the
homogeneous retail portfolio.

139

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Main Credit Exposure Categories
The tables in this section show details about several of Deutsche Bank’s main credit exposure categories, namely Loans,
Revocable and Irrevocable Lending Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, Over-The-Counter (“OTC”) Derivatives, Debt
Securities and Repo and repo-style transactions:
– “Loans” are gross loans as reported on our balance sheet at amortized cost, loans at fair value through profit and loss
and loans at fair value through other comprehensive income before deduction of allowance for credit losses; this
includes “Traded loans” that are bought and held for the purpose of selling them in the near term, or the material risks
of which have all been hedged or sold; from a regulatory perspective the latter category principally covers trading book
positions
– “Revocable and irrevocable lending commitments” consist of the undrawn portion of revocable and irrevocable
lending-related commitments
– “Contingent liabilities” consist of financial and performance guarantees, standby letters of credit and other similar
arrangements (mainly indemnity agreements)
– “OTC derivatives” are the bank’s credit exposures from over-the-counter derivative transactions that the Group has
entered into, after netting and cash collateral received; on the bank’s balance sheet, these are included in financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss or, for derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting, in other assets, in either
case only applying cash collateral received and netting eligible under IFRS
– “Debt securities” include debentures, bonds, deposits, notes or commercial paper, which are issued for a fixed term and
redeemable by the issuer, as reported on our balance sheet within accounting categories at amortized cost and at fair
value through other comprehensive income before deduction of allowance for credit losses, it also includes category
at fair value through profit and loss; this includes “Traded bonds”, which are bonds, deposits, notes or commercial paper
that are bought and held for the purpose of selling them in the near term; from a regulatory perspective the latter
category principally covers trading book positions
– “Repo and repo-style transactions” consist of reverse repurchase transactions, as well as securities or commodities
borrowing transactions, only applying collateral received and netting eligible under IFRS.
Although considered in the monitoring of maximum credit exposures, the following are not included in the details of the
Group’s main credit exposure: brokerage and securities related receivables, cash and central bank balances, interbank
balances (without central banks), assets held for sale, accrued interest receivables, traditional securitization positions.
Unless stated otherwise, the tables below reflect credit exposure before the consideration of collateral and risk mitigation
or structural enhancements, except for OTC derivatives wherein they are post credit enhancements
Main Credit Exposure Categories by Business Divisions
Dec 31, 2024
Loans

in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total

at amortized
cost¹

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI²

Revocable and
irrevocable
lending
commitments³

116,674
110,077
257,476
1
375
484,603

212
11,068
6
0
93
11,380

508
1,443
0
0
3
1,954

4,110
958
0
0
0
5,068

170,667
61,692
37,110
130
100
269,699

Off-balance sheet

OTC derivatives

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L⁴

67,067
3,268
2,815
9
309
73,468

47
24,030
391
0
2,431
26,899

Dec 31, 2024
Debt Securities
in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total

Repo and repo-style transactions⁷

at amortized
cost⁵

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI⁶

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

266
5,369
409
0
15,595
21,638

14
122,813
1
4,526
390
127,744

0
1,268
1
82
32,885
34,236

9,033
31,813
0
0
0
40,846

0
104,248
0
0
401
104,649

0
0
0
0
2,786
2,786

Total

368,598
478,047
298,209
4,748
55,368
1,204,970

Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at amortized cost amounting to € 15.6 billion as of December 31, 2024
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at fair value through OCI amounting to € 60.7 million as of December 31, 2024
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI off-balance sheet exposure amounting to € 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2024
4
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable. Excludes derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
5
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at amortized cost amounting to € 41.6 million as of December 31, 2024
6
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at fair value through OCI amounting to € 25.6 million as of December 31, 2024
7
Before reflection of collateral and limited to securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed
1
2
3

140

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Loans

in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total

Off-balance sheet

OTC derivatives

at amortized
cost¹

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI²

Revocable and
irrevocable
lending
commitments³

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L⁴

116,732
100,645
261,250
3
248
478,879

456
7,614
0
0
165
8,235

303
582
0
0
3
887

4,393
474
0
0
0
4,867

158,490
56,939
39,515
99
365
255,409

59,781
2,169
3,128
9
44
65,131

55
18,991
301
0
3,208
22,555

Dec 31, 2023
Debt Securities
in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total

Repo and repo-style transactions⁷

at amortized
cost⁵

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI⁶

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

294
4,611
447
0
16,495
21,847

19
114,741
1
4,483
1,242
120,485

0
1,520
1
82
27,271
28,874

595
14,169
0
0
0
14,764

0
74,878
0
0
4,096
78,973

0
0
0
0
1,805
1,805

Total

341,118
397,332
304,644
4,675
54,941
1,102,711

Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at amortized cost amounting to € 13.4 billion as of December 31, 2023
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at fair value through OCI amounting to € 44.2 million as of December 31, 2023
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI off-balance sheet exposure amounting to € 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2023
4
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable. Excludes derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
5
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at amortized cost amounting to € 39.5 million as of December 31, 2023
6
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at fair value through OCI amounting to € 1.5 million as of December 31, 2023
7
Before reflection of collateral and limited to securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed
1
2
3

Deutsche Bank’s total main credit exposure increased by € 102.3 billion year-on-year where € 80.7 billion of an increase in
Investment Bank mainly driven by higher repo and repo style holding due to increased firm trading activities and client
flows as well as growth in loans and € 27.5 billion of an increase in the Corporate Bank driven by growth in off balance
sheet exposure due to new and refinanced deals. Exposure increases have been observed across all the products included
in main credit exposures by business divisions, except for Private Bank, where a decrease of € 6.4 billion was observed.
Main Credit Exposure Categories by Industry Sectors

The below tables give an overview of the bank’s credit exposure by industry based on the NACE code of the counterparty.
NACE (Nomenclature des Activités Économiques dans la Communauté Européenne) is a standard European industry
classification system and does not have to be congruent with an internal risk based view applied elsewhere in this report.

141

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2024
Loans

in € m.

Agriculture, forestry and
fishing
Mining and quarrying
Manufacturing
Electricity, gas, steam
and air conditioning
supply
Water supply, sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities
Construction
Wholesale and retail
trade, repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles
Transport and storage
Accommodation and
food service activities
Information and
communication
Financial and insurance
activities⁸
Real estate activities⁹
Professional, scientific
and technical activities
Administrative and
support service activities
Public administration
and defense, compulsory
social security
Education
Human health services
and social work activities
Arts, entertainment and
recreation
Other service activities
Activities of households
as employers,
undifferentiated goodsand services-producing
activities of households
for own use
Activities of
extraterritorial
organizations and bodies
Total

Off-balance sheet

OTC derivatives

at amortized
cost¹

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI²

Revocable and
irrevocable
lending
commitments³

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L⁴

336
1,885
26,634

0
2,392
525

0
66
5

0
0
1,195

239
5,934
56,933

24
1,275
14,331

1
145
1,205

4,346

632

0

38

8,870

4,489

150

595
4,330

0
244

0
0

3
30

1,013
3,039

264
3,244

50
13

21,405
4,766

165
416

103
63

809
103

18,290
5,373

6,339
1,201

180
164

2,665

64

0

19

1,314

150

2

8,930

757

16

237

16,501

3,014

384

126,640
49,859

3,944
1,005

1,177
136

1,589
535

95,492
7,868

34,889
399

22,093
326

6,276

133

0

214

5,754

2,129

161

8,921

319

95

161

5,025

493

138

5,740
295

458
17

14
0

24
0

7,438
99

120
55

286
55

4,130

29

0

12

1,850

91

46

820
6,214

4
260

0
280

15
81

1,166
7,013

83
628

17
1,305

199,811

0

0

0

20,488

246

174

5
484,603

17
11,380

0
1,954

0
5,068

1
269,699

3
73,468

4
26,899

142

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2024
Debt Securities
in € m.

Agriculture, forestry and
fishing
Mining and quarrying
Manufacturing
Electricity, gas, steam
and air conditioning
supply
Water supply, sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities
Construction
Wholesale and retail
trade, repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles
Transport and storage
Accommodation and
food service activities
Information and
communication
Financial and insurance
activities⁸
Real estate activities⁹
Professional, scientific
and technical activities
Administrative and
support service activities
Public administration
and defense, compulsory
social security
Education
Human health services
and social work activities
Arts, entertainment and
recreation
Other service activities
Activities of households
as employers,
undifferentiated goodsand services-producing
activities of households
for own use
Activities of
extraterritorial
organizations and bodies
Total

Repo and repo-style transactions⁷

Total

at amortized
cost⁵

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI⁶

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

0
41
23

2
553
1,389

0
2
50

0
0
43

0
0
42

0
0
0

602
12,293
102,375

71

915

28

0

0

0

19,541

0
264

143
344

1
285

0
0

0
0

0
0

2,070
11,793

0
159

612
461

3
3

0
0

0
0

0
0

47,904
12,710

5

90

1

0

0

0

4,311

31

1,048

0

0

0

0

30,918

5,379
198

29,863
1,277

5,671
181

40,437
324

104,150
7

2,786
0

474,108
62,114

48

256

105

0

0

0

15,075

19

471

4

0

16

0

15,661

14,160
0

83,873
262

27,354
14

0
0

110
0

0
0

139,577
797

103

289

0

0

1

0

6,550

0
433

19
3,514

0
13

0
42

0
207

0
0

2,124
19,991

0

0

0

0

0

0

220,720

704
21,638

2,362
127,744

522
34,236

0
40,846

117
104,649

0
2,786

3,735
1,204,970

Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at amortized cost amounting to € 15.6 billion as of December 31, 2024
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at fair value through OCI amounting to € 60.7 million as of December 31, 2024
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI off-balance sheet exposure amounting to € 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2024
4
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable. Excludes derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
5
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at amortized cost amounting to € 41.6 million as of December 31, 2024
6
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at fair value through OCI amounting to € 25.6 million as of December 31, 2024
7
Before reflection of collateral and limited to securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed
8
Includes exposure to Corporates including Holding Companies of € 108 billion, Asset-Backed Securities of € 49 billion, Banks of € 66 billion, Insurance of € 9 billion,
Financial Intermediaries of € 15 billion and Public Sector of € 17 billion, all based on internal client classification
9
Non-recourse Commercial Real Estate portfolio based on Deutsche Bank’s definition is € 36 billion
1
2
3

143

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Loans

in € m.

Agriculture, forestry and
fishing
Mining and quarrying
Manufacturing
Electricity, gas, steam
and air conditioning
supply
Water supply, sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities
Construction
Wholesale and retail
trade, repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles
Transport and storage
Accommodation and
food service activities
Information and
communication
Financial and insurance
activities⁸
Real estate activities⁹
Professional, scientific
and technical activities
Administrative and
support service activities
Public administration
and defense, compulsory
social security
Education
Human health services
and social work activities
Arts, entertainment and
recreation
Other service activities
Activities of households
as employers,
undifferentiated goodsand services-producing
activities of households
for own use
Activities of
extraterritorial
organizations and bodies
Total

Off-balance sheet

OTC derivatives

at amortized
cost¹

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI²

Revocable and
irrevocable
lending
commitments³

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L⁴

384
2,774
28,397

2
230
285

0
126
5

0
0
1,877

224
4,893
53,572

32
1,409
13,809

1
47
1,303

4,081

307

75

272

6,475

2,967

142

486
4,257

0
217

0
1

0
20

523
2,965

148
3,060

38
7

21,030
4,924

233
616

79
13

784
63

16,540
6,088

6,247
1,108

599
173

1,862

3

0

0

1,015

138

10

7,589

372

21

100

13,244

3,209

289

110,901
49,267

3,840
1,302

276
103

1,281
122

90,138
7,061

28,491
183

18,175
304

6,889

68

0

0

6,190

2,213

172

8,911

148

169

157

5,007

577

486

5,731
279

364
2

10
0

27
0

6,759
72

123
55

303
68

4,390

42

0

0

1,725

127

53

1,017
4,727

22
183

0
10

33
130

1,402
4,534

102
850

49
165

210,981

0

0

1

26,981

282

140

0
478,879

0
8,235

0
887

0
4,867

0
255,409

2
65,131

29
22,555

144

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Debt Securities
in € m.

Agriculture, forestry and
fishing
Mining and quarrying
Manufacturing
Electricity, gas, steam
and air conditioning
supply
Water supply, sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities
Construction
Wholesale and retail
trade, repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles
Transport and storage
Accommodation and
food service activities
Information and
communication
Financial and insurance
activities⁸
Real estate activities⁹
Professional, scientific
and technical activities
Administrative and
support service activities
Public administration
and defense, compulsory
social security
Education
Human health services
and social work activities
Arts, entertainment and
recreation
Other service activities
Activities of households
as employers,
undifferentiated goodsand services-producing
activities of households
for own use
Activities of
extraterritorial
organizations and bodies
Total

Repo and repo-style transactions⁷

Total

at amortized
cost⁵

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI⁶

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

0
46
0

0
486
1,481

0
2
54

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

643
10,012
100,783

175

776

20

0

0

0

15,289

29
130

26
387

0
133

0
0

0
0

0
0

1,250
11,177

0
66

458
481

2
15

0
0

0
0

0
0

45,973
13,548

5

90

0

0

0

0

3,124

95

531

0

0

0

0

25,449

4,639
227

25,416
1,159

4,789
546

14,695
69

76,785
0

1,805
0

381,232
60,343

49

151

111

0

0

0

15,843

51

436

8

0

0

0

15,950

15,907
0

83,791
160

22,725
9

0
0

2,154
0

0
0

137,893
645

99

95

11

0

0

0

6,543

0
124

58
3,028

0
151

0
0

0
34

0
0

2,683
13,936

0

0

0

0

0

0

238,385

205
21,847

1,476
120,485

298
28,874

0
14,764

0
78,973

0
1,805

2,010
1,102,711

Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at amortized cost amounting to € 13.4 billion as of December 31, 2023
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at fair value through OCI amounting to € 44.2 million as of December 31, 2023
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI off-balance sheet exposure amounting to € 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2023
4
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable. Excludes derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
5
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at amortized cost amounting to € 39.5 million as of December 31, 2023
6
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at fair value through OCI amounting to € 1.5 million as of December 31, 2023
7
Before reflection of collateral and limited to securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed
8
Includes exposure to Corporates including Holding Companies of € 96 billion, Asset-Backed Securities of € 44 billion, Banks of € 55 billion, Insurance of € 13 billion,
Financial Intermediaries of € 10 billion and Public Sector of € 16 billion, all based on internal client classification
9
Non-recourse Commercial Real Estate portfolio based on Deutsche Bank’s definition is € 38 billion
1
2
3

All credit exposures are subject to the same credit underwriting requirements stipulated in the bank’s “Principles for
Managing Credit Risk”, including various controls according to single name, country, industry and product/asset classspecific concentration.
Material transactions, such as loans underwritten with the intention to sell down or distribute part of the risk to third parties,
are subject to review and approval by senior credit risk management professionals and (depending upon size) an
underwriting committee and/or the Management Board. High emphasis is placed on structuring and pricing such
transactions so that de-risking can be achieved in a timely manner and – where Deutsche Bank takes market price risk – to
mitigate such market risk.
The Group’s credit exposure to the ten largest counterparties accounted for 11% of the bank’s aggregated total credit
exposure in these categories as of December 31, 2024, compared with 12% as of December 31, 2023. The top ten
counterparty exposures were well-rated counterparties or otherwise related to structured trades which show high levels
of risk mitigation.

145

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

The Group’s amortized cost loan exposure within above categories is mostly with borrowers of good credit quality.
Moreover, with the focus on the Corporate Bank and Investment Bank, loan exposure is subject to further risk mitigation
through the bank’s e.g., Strategic Corporate Lending unit.
Deutsche Bank’s household loan exposure is principally associated with Private Bank portfolios.
The bank’s amortized cost loan exposure of € 49.9 billion to Real Estate activities as reported above is based on NACE code
classification and comprises of recourse and non-recourse financing, across various parts of the group and client segment.
This includes € 24.0 billion of loans which is based on Deutsche Bank’s definition of non-recourse CRE loans. For more
information on non-recourse CRE loans, see section Focus areas.
The Group’s commercial real estate loans, primarily originated in the U.S. and Europe, are generally secured by first
mortgages on the underlying real estate property. Deutsche Bank originates fixed and floating rate loans and selectively
acquires (generally at substantial discount) sub-/non-performing loans sold by financial institutions. The underwriting
process is stringent and the exposure is managed under separate portfolio limits. Credit underwriting policy guidelines
provide that LTV ratios of generally less than 75% are adhered to at loan origination. Additionally, given the significance of
the underlying collateral, independent external appraisals are commissioned for all secured loans by a valuation team (part
of the independent Credit Risk Management function) which is also responsible for reviewing and challenging the reported
real estate values regularly. Deutsche Bank originates loans for distribution in the banking market or via securitization. In
this context Deutsche Bank frequently retains a portion of the syndicated loans while securitized positions may be entirely
sold (except where regulation requires retention of economic risk). Mezzanine or other junior tranches of debt are retained
only in exceptional cases. The bank also participates in conservatively underwritten unsecured lines of credit to wellcapitalized real estate investment trusts and other real estate operating companies.
Commercial real estate property valuations and rental incomes can be significantly impacted by macro-economic
conditions and idiosyncratic events affecting the underlying properties. Accordingly, the portfolio is categorized as higher
risk and hence subject to the aforementioned tight restrictions on concentration.
Deutsche Bank’s exposure to Financial and Insurance Activities is € 474.1 billion as of December 31, 2024 which also
includes exposures to Asset Backed Securities, Banks, Insurance, Financial intermediaries, Public Sector as well as to
Corporates including Holding Companies. Exposures are managed using bespoke risk management frameworks, trade-bytrade approvals and relevant risk appetite metrics. Total loans across all applicable measurement categories amounted to
€ 133.4 billion, total repo and repo style transactions across all applicable measurement categories amounted to
€ 147.4 billion and off-balance sheet activities amounted to € 130.4 billion as of December 31, 2024 and were principally
associated with Investment Bank and Corporate Bank portfolios, which were majorly held in North America and Europe.

146

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Main credit exposure categories by geographical region
Dec 31, 2024
Loans

in € m.

Europe
Of which:
Germany
United Kingdom
France
Luxembourg
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Ireland
Switzerland
Poland
Belgium
Russian Federation⁸
Ukraine⁸
Other Europe⁸
North America
Of which:
U.S.
Cayman Islands
Canada
Other North America
Asia/Pacific
Of which:
Japan
Australia
India
China
Singapore
Hong Kong
Other Asia/Pacific
Other geographical areas
Total

Off-balance sheet

OTC derivatives

at amortized
cost¹

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI²

Revocable
and irrevocable lending
commitments³

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L⁴

326,256

3,420

702

1,843

146,860

42,033

15,611

215,983
11,044
4,319
17,119
23,190
9,593
15,580
6,483
6,050
2,890
1,991
102
98
11,813
108,465

304
365
69
944
229
265
109
271
19
0
33
0
1729
639
3,262

353
23
39
14
24
4
40
195
0
0
0
0
0
10
931

512
163
33
131
69
332
123
61
196
15
80
12
0
116
2,324

72,341
12,589
6,967
8,737
4,424
9,452
3,833
5,057
8,562
2,358
1,685
1
0
10,855
110,332

15,761
4,418
2,111
546
5,302
2,964
4,633
295
2,548
181
1,582
21
5
1,665
14,856

4,393
3,594
746
1,780
266
1,460
169
568
434
5
181
0
0
2,016
5,890

95,186
5,969
1,491
5,819
40,066

2,986
151
121
4
1,433

507
319
33
72
309

2,095
87
118
24
611

102,989
2,770
2,584
1,989
9,941

13,462
660
223
511
15,232

4,923
515
202
250
5,155

1,744
3,404
9,001
4,245
5,146
3,062
13,466
9,816
484,603

151
238
24
4
95
90
831
3,265
11,380

42
0
25
95
17
0
130
11
1,954

77
9
0
24
129
87
285
289
5,068

532
2,918
1,405
443
1,136
723
2,783
2,567
269,699

645
1,371
3,789
1,852
2,128
366
5,082
1,348
73,468

598
512
104
754
291
229
2,666
244
26,899

147

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2024
Debt Securities
in € m.

Europe
Of which:
Germany
United Kingdom
France
Luxembourg
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Ireland
Switzerland
Poland
Belgium
Russian Federation⁸
Ukraine⁸
Other Europe⁸
North America
Of which:
U.S.
Cayman Islands
Canada
Other North America
Asia/Pacific
Of which:
Japan
Australia
India
China
Singapore
Hong Kong
Other Asia/Pacific
Other geographical areas
Total

Repo and repo-style transactions⁷

Total

at amortized
cost⁵

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI⁶

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

10,408

57,024

15,388

27,957

34,516

283

682,300

321
487
1,511
0
4,914
87
1,489
1,326
0
0
0
0
0
273
7,227

7,899
12,141
7,855
2,699
8,038
2,014
4,096
1,695
1,657
262
4,197
3
165
4,304
34,972

1,887
1,983
3,888
472
985
33
359
8
1
3,554
1,572
0
13
634
12,695

2,033
12,407
4,077
127
4,144
0
1,388
29
2,658
0
0
0
0
1,094
8,205

855
14,163
8,058
3,615
1,425
71
33
1,065
280
84
5
0
0
4,861
52,388

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
283
0

322,643
73,376
39,672
36,184
53,011
26,276
31,853
17,053
22,404
9,349
11,325
138
454
38,562
361,546

6,854
373
0
0
3,844

33,637
370
872
93
28,246

12,499
0
195
0
5,995

4,991
3,032
0
182
3,839

39,389
9,388
3,575
36
17,524

0
0
0
0
1,006

319,517
23,634
9,415
8,979
133,202

6
2,526
658
0
61
9
584
160
21,638

2,985
2,374
6,630
4,400
946
559
10,353
7,501
127,744

964
311
75
274
738
553
3,081
158
34,236

178
212
0
0
0
0
3,449
845
40,846

8,815
2,720
0
952
711
329
3,997
222
104,649

0
0
681
0
0
0
326
1,497
2,786

16,736
16,596
22,391
13,042
11,397
6,007
47,032
27,923
1,204,970

Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at amortized cost amounting to € 15.6 billion as of December 31, 2024
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at fair value through OCI amounting to € 60.7 million as of December 31, 2024
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI off-balance sheet exposure amounting to € 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2024
4
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable. Excludes derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
5
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at amortized cost amounting to € 41.6 million as of December 31, 2024
6
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at fair value through OCI amounting to € 25.6 million as of December 31, 2024
7
Before reflection of collateral and limited to securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed
8
Thematic addition on back of the ongoing border conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine
9
Ukraine trading loan exposure driven by financing, materially guaranteed by supranational development bank. Net exposure considering broader risk mitigation structure
is deminimis
1
2
3

148

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Loans

in € m.

Europe
Of which:
Germany
United Kingdom
France
Luxembourg
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Ireland
Switzerland
Poland
Belgium
Russian Federation⁸
Ukraine⁸
Other Europe⁸
North America
Of which:
U.S.
Cayman Islands
Canada
Other North America
Asia/Pacific
Of which:
Japan
Australia
India
China
Singapore
Hong Kong
Other Asia/Pacific
Other geographical areas
Total

Off-balance sheet

OTC derivatives

at amortized
cost¹

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI²

Revocable
and irrevocable lending
commitments³

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L⁴

332,859

2,906

516

1,698

148,778

39,716

14,813

225,639
8,323
4,587
18,056
23,490
8,996
16,073
5,273
6,827
2,617
1,742
243
8
10,984
101,306

321
239
76
612
138
248
230
331
37
0
23
6
2089
435
2,325

70
97
75
23
32
8
24
184
1
0
0
0
0
2
238

409
252
317
142
16
252
91
87
0
16
58
7
0
50
2,378

76,810
13,175
7,868
8,493
4,842
9,279
3,738
4,237
8,206
2,569
1,551
26
3
7,981
95,768

16,532
3,102
1,876
641
5,021
2,863
4,330
351
2,558
176
623
21
5
1,617
12,172

4,146
4,834
694
970
219
1,463
219
542
355
6
144
0
0
1,222
4,745

89,570
4,985
1,396
5,356
35,807

2,202
50
49
24
1,746

178
0
3
56
123

2,247
0
106
24
597

89,460
2,383
2,048
1,877
9,031

10,754
787
226
405
12,093

3,269
963
324
188
2,745

1,404
3,203
7,576
4,254
3,789
2,259
13,323
8,906
478,879

328
250
78
1
362
64
662
1,259
8,235

34
0
88
0
0
0
1
10
887

10
0
23
22
189
82
271
193
4,867

481
2,652
921
413
1,558
836
2,170
1,831
255,409

451
830
3,774
1,442
1,357
607
3,632
1,151
65,131

459
153
53
762
157
242
919
252
22,555

149

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Debt Securities
in € m.

Europe
Of which:
Germany
United Kingdom
France
Luxembourg
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Ireland
Switzerland
Poland
Belgium
Russian Federation⁸
Ukraine⁸
Other Europe⁸
North America
Of which:
U.S.
Cayman Islands
Canada
Other North America
Asia/Pacific
Of which:
Japan
Australia
India
China
Singapore
Hong Kong
Other Asia/Pacific
Other geographical areas
Total

Repo and repo-style transactions⁷

Total

at amortized
cost⁵

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI⁶

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

9,661

52,205

12,884

6,021

17,184

395

639,636

830
219
0
0
4,890
0
1,487
1,563
0
0
0
0
0
672
9,433

10,114
10,475
7,756
2,180
7,953
2,289
3,144
1,269
1,289
473
1,759
31
73
3,401
32,184

1,388
1,504
2,901
537
1,030
27
358
7
1
2,899
1,606
0
7
619
11,503

348
461
657
9
2,251
0
1,587
0
0
0
0
0
0
707
5,855

1,351
3,773
5,100
206
1,688
99
35
960
225
98
11
0
0
3,638
47,782

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
395
0

337,957
46,454
31,906
31,870
51,571
25,526
31,318
14,804
19,499
8,852
7,517
333
305
31,724
325,688

9,415
0
0
18
2,428

31,042
495
546
101
31,297

11,320
0
183
0
4,295

2,979
2,876
0
0
2,620

14,357
33,284
54
88
13,860

0
0
0
0
858

266,793
45,823
4,936
8,137
117,499

22
1,725
414
0
0
9
258
325
21,847

3,017
2,387
5,858
7,977
1,396
738
9,922
4,799
120,485

485
315
62
98
665
463
2,206
191
28,874

431
0
0
0
0
0
2,189
268
14,764

8,818
284
0
1,365
683
124
2,587
148
78,973

0
0
279
0
0
0
579
552
1,805

15,941
11,800
19,126
16,334
10,156
5,424
38,718
19,887
1,102,711

Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at amortized cost amounting to € 13.4 billion as of December 31, 2023
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI loans at fair value through OCI amounting to € 44.2 million as of December 31, 2023
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI off-balance sheet exposure amounting to € 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2023
4
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable. Excludes derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
5
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at amortized cost amounting to € 39.5 million as of December 31, 2023
6
Includes stage 3 and stage 3 POCI debt securities at fair value through OCI amounting to € 1.5 million as of December 31, 2023
7
Before reflection of collateral and limited to securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed
8
Thematic addition on back of the ongoing border conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine
9
Ukraine trading loan exposure driven by financing, materially guaranteed by supranational development bank. Net exposure considering broader risk mitigation structure
is deminimis
1
2
3

The tables above provide an overview of Deutsche Bank’s credit exposure by geographical region, allocated based on the
counterparty’s country of domicile. The domicile view might differ from any internal risk based view applied elsewhere in
this report
The Group’s largest concentration of credit risk within loans from a regional perspective is in its home market Germany,
with a significant share in households, which includes the majority of the mortgage lending and home loan business.
Within OTC derivatives, tradable assets as well as repo and repo-style transactions, the largest concentrations from a
regional perspective were in Europe and North America.

Credit Exposure Classification
Deutsche Bank also classifies its credit exposure along business divisions, which is in line with the divisionally aligned chief
risk officer mandates. The section below discloses the credit exposure of the Corporate Bank and the Investment Bank
together. The subsequent section provides the credit exposure for the Private Bank.

150

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposure
The tables below show the main Corporate Bank and Investment Bank Credit Exposure by product types and internal rating
bands. Please refer to section "Measuring Credit Risk" for more details about the bank’s internal ratings.
Main Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposure categories according to the bank’s internal creditworthiness
categories of the counterparties – gross
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Loans

Probability
of default in %1

at amortized
cost

trading at fair value
through P&L

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

18,371
47,908
66,741
64,486
21,094
8,153
226,751

177
60
3,207
4,983
713
2,141
11,280

Ratingband

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Revocable
and irrevocable lending
commitments

84
542
131
561
399
235
1,951

209
1,167
2,537
1,080
10
65
5,068

28,227
69,746
88,790
34,521
8,865
2,210
232,359

Off-balance sheet

OTC
derivatives

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L2

6,007
32,937
22,201
6,015
2,244
931
70,335

10,133
7,440
4,101
2,202
104
97
24,077

Dec 31, 2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Debt Securities

Repo and repo-style transactions

Probability
of default in %1

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Total

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

694
2,469
1,021
1,319
90
42
5,635

64,329
14,985
19,851
22,194
643
825
122,827

192
46
149
431
402
47
1,268

17,775
7,374
7,506
7,390
686
115
40,846

39,458
8,817
13,055
41,123
1,795
0
104,248

−
−
−
−
−
−
−

185,657
193,490
229,290
186,303
37,044
14,862
846,645

Ratingband

1
2

Reflects the probability of default for a one year time horizon
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable

Main Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposure categories according to the bank’s internal creditworthiness
categories of the counterparties – net
Dec 31, 2024¹
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Loans

Probability
of default in %2

at amortized
cost

trading at fair value
through P&L

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

10,671
36,198
30,736
27,152
6,049
4,285
115,091

99
60
2,869
4,122
503
1,570
9,223

Ratingband

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Revocable
and irrevocable lending
commitments

84
392
56
480
189
57
1,258

64
953
1,836
520
10
55
3,438

26,953
67,092
82,049
30,381
8,258
2,127
216,860

Off-balance sheet

OTC
derivatives

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L

5,128
29,677
17,106
4,366
1,290
348
57,915

4,893
4,140
2,948
1,889
103
96
14,069

Dec 31, 2024¹
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Debt Securities

Repo and repo-style transactions

Probability
of default in %2

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Total

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

694
2,469
562
860
20
42
4,647

64,254
14,985
19,756
21,684
537
711
121,927

192
46
136
334
362
47
1,117

7
106
6
0
0
0
119

261
13
35
1,087
0
0
1,396

−
−
−
−
−
−
−

113,301
156,131
158,096
92,874
17,321
9,338
547,060

Ratingband

1
2

Net of eligible collateral, guarantees and hedges based on IFRS requirements
Reflects the probability of default for a one year time horizon

151

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

The tables below show the main Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposure for 2023 by product types and
internal rating bands.
Main Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposure categories according to the bank’s internal creditworthiness
categories of the counterparties – gross
Dec 31, 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Loans

Off-balance sheet

OTC
derivatives

Probability
of default in %1

at amortized
cost

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Revocable
and irrevocable lending
commitments

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L2

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

21,676
38,612
72,532
54,351
21,562
8,645
217,378

149
344
922
3,566
1,268
1,822
8,070

14
167
307
50
62
284
884

188
663
3,546
369
35
65
4,867

24,401
65,969
84,267
29,111
9,262
2,420
215,429

4,461
29,510
19,602
5,248
2,492
636
61,950

7,388
5,409
3,807
1,978
413
51
19,046

Ratingband

Dec 31, 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Debt Securities

Repo and repo-style transactions

Probability
of default in %1

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Total

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

1,085
1,614
1,181
836
150
39
4,905

60,918
18,476
18,180
16,009
755
421
114,760

71
23
180
962
282
1
1,520

1,267
4,244
2,467
2,840
3,947
0
14,764

24,801
7,727
9,207
30,237
2,907
0
74,878

−
−
−
−
−
−
−

146,419
172,758
216,197
145,555
43,136
14,385
738,451

Ratingband

1
2

Reflects the probability of default for a one year time horizon
Includes the effect of netting agreements and cash collateral received where applicable

Main Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposure categories according to the bank’s internal creditworthiness
categories of the counterparties – net
Dec 31, 2023¹
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Loans

Off-balance sheet

OTC
derivatives

Probability
of default in %2

at amortized
cost

trading at fair value
through P&L

Designated/
mandatory at
fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Revocable
and irrevocable lending
commitments

Contingent
liabilities

at fair value
through P&L

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

13,529
28,218
35,191
21,830
6,239
4,155
109,162

149
38
426
2,947
831
1,387
5,778

14
167
242
24
45
70
562

30
663
2,842
256
5
65
3,861

22,874
64,306
78,680
25,986
8,674
2,336
202,856

3,766
27,109
15,924
3,611
1,234
365
52,009

4,817
3,424
2,855
1,833
374
50
13,352

Ratingband

Dec 31, 2023¹
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Debt Securities

Repo and repo-style transactions

Probability
of default in %2

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

at amortized
cost

at fair value
through P&L

at fair value
through OCI

Total

iAAA–iAA
> 0.00 ≤ 0.04
iA
> 0.04 ≤ 0.11
iBBB
> 0.11 ≤ 0.5
iBB
> 0.5 ≤ 2.27
iB
> 2.27 ≤ 10.22
iCCC and below > 10.22 ≤ 100
Total

1,085
1,614
600
263
59
33
3,653

60,918
18,476
17,959
15,640
380
400
113,773

71
23
180
345
282
1
903

50
105
0
0
1,445
0
1,600

0
16
4
6
1,845
0
1,870

−
−
−
−
−
−
−

107,303
144,160
154,903
72,739
21,414
8,861
509,380

Ratingband

1
2

Net of eligible collateral, guarantees and hedges based on IFRS requirements
Reflects the probability of default for a one year time horizon

152

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

The above tables show an overall increase in the Corporate Bank and Investment Bank gross exposure in 2024 of
€ 108.2 billion or 15%. Repo and repo-style transactions increased by € 55.5 billion, mainly driven by increased firm trading
activities and client flows. From a regional perspective, the increase was primarily attributable to counterparties domiciled
in the United Kingdom and United State of America. Off-balance sheet positions increased by € 25.3 billion, mainly driven
by new commitments issued during the period. Loans increased by € 13.8 billion, primarily in the Investment Bank. Debt
Securities at fair value through profit and loss increased by € 8.1 billion, mainly due to client flows and desk positioning
and increase in OTC Derivatives of € 5.0 billion is primarily due to increase in foreign exchange derivatives product.
The Group uses risk mitigation techniques as described above to optimize Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit
exposures and reduce potential credit losses. The tables for “net” exposure disclose the development of the bank’s
Corporate Bank and Investment Bank credit exposures net of collateral, guarantees and hedges.

Risk Mitigation for Credit Exposure
Strategic Corporate Lending (“SCL”) unit helps to mitigate the risk of the bank’s corporate credit exposures. The notional
amount of SCL’s risk reduction activities increased from € 37.7 billion as of December 31, 2023, to € 43.2 billion as of
December 31, 2024.
As of year-end 2024, SCL mitigated the credit risk of € 38.4 billion of loans and lending-related commitments, through synthetic
collateralized loan obligations supported predominantly by financial guarantees. This position totaled € 32.0 billion as of
December 31, 2023.
SCL also held credit derivatives with an underlying notional amount of € 4.7 billion as of December 31, 2024. The position
totaled € 5.7 billion as of December 31, 2023. The credit derivatives used for the bank’s portfolio management activities are
accounted for at fair value.
The bank executes additional hedges in other businesses and at a group level to reduce single name concentration risks and
manage its capital efficiently. These hedges are likely to increase in the medium-term as the bank drives the next stages of
its strategic delivery. The Bank also uses private risk insurance and export credit agency cover to manage noncollateralized
exposures.

Private Bank credit exposure
Private Bank credit exposure, credit exposure in stage 3 and net credit costs
Total exposure
in € m.

Consumer Finance
Mortgages
Business Finance
Wealth Management
Other
Total
1

of which loan book
in € m.

Credit exposure stage 3
in € m.

Net credit costs
as a% of total exposure¹

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

40,098
162,057
15,878
79,592

41,341
169,260
16,469
76,179

25,571
159,510
12,420
59,894

25,707
164,892
13,314
56,581

1,689
2,212
1,058
3,134

1,728
1,620
1,052
2,155

1.26%
0.09%
0.63%
0.13%
(0.01
%)
0.29%

0.97%
0.08%
0.55%
0.20%

583
298,209

1,396
304,644

81
257,476

757
261,250

24
8,118

34
6,589

0.26%
0.26%

Net credit costs for the twelve months period ended at the respective balance sheet date divided by the total exposure at that balance sheet date.

Consumer Finance is divided into personal instalment loans, credit lines and credit cards. Consumer Finance business is
uncollateralized, loan risk depends on client quality. Various lending requirements are stipulated, including (but not limited
to) client rating, maximum loan amounts and maximum tenors, and are adapted to individual circumstances of the
borrower (i.e., for consumer loans maximum loan amount and maximum tenor taking into account amongst others
customer net income). Given the largely homogeneous nature of this portfolio, counterparty credit-worthiness and ratings
are derived by utilizing an automated decision engine.
Mortgage business is financing of real estates with focus on residential properties (primarily owner-occupied) sold by
various business channels in Europe, primarily in Germany but also in Spain and Italy. The level of credit risk of the mortgage
loan portfolio is determined by assessing the quality of the client and the underlying collateral. The loan amounts are
generally larger than Consumer Finance loans and they are extended for longer time horizons. Based on the bank’s
underwriting criteria and processes and the diversified portfolio (customers/properties) with respective collateralization,
the mortgage portfolio is categorized as lower risk, while consumer finance is categorized as high risk.

153

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Business Finance represents credit products for small businesses, SME up to large corporates. Products range from current
accounts and credit lines to investment loans or revolving facilities, factoring, leasing and derivatives. Clients are located
primarily in Italy and Spain, but credit can also be extended to subsidiaries abroad, mostly in Europe.
Wealth Management offers globally customized wealth management solutions and private banking services including
discretionary portfolio management and traditional and alternative investment solutions, complemented by structured
risk management, wealth planning, lending and family office services for wealth, high-net-worth (HNW) and ultra-highnet-worth (UHNW) individuals and family offices. Wealth Management’s total exposure is divided into Lombard Lending
(against readily marketable liquid collateral/securities) and Structured Lending (against less liquid collateral). While the
level of credit risk for the Lombard portfolio is determined by assessing the quality of the underlying collateral, the level
of credit risk for the structured portfolio is determined by assessing both the quality of the client and the collateral.
Products range from secured Lombard and mortgage loans to current accounts (Europe only), credit lines and other loans;
to a lesser extent derivatives and contingencies.
Private Bank mortgage loan-to-value1
≤ 50%
> 50 ≤ 70%
> 70 ≤ 90%
> 90 ≤ 100%
> 100 ≤ 110%
> 110 ≤ 130%
> 130%
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

65%
16%
10%
3%
2%
2%
1%

65%
16%
11%
3%
2%
2%
1%

When assigning the exposure to the corresponding LTV buckets, the exposure amounts are distributed according to their relative share of the underlying assessed real
estate value

The LTV expresses the amount of exposure as a percentage of the underlying real estate value.
The Group’s LTV ratios are calculated using the total exposure divided by the current determined value of the respective
properties. These values are monitored and updated if necessary, on a regular basis. The exposure of transactions that are
additionally backed by liquid collateral is reduced by the respective collateral values, whereas any prior charges increase
the corresponding total exposure. The LTV calculation includes exposure which is secured by real estate collateral. Any
mortgage lending exposure that is collateralized exclusively by any other type of collateral is not included in the LTV
calculation.
The creditor’s creditworthiness, the LTV and the quality of collateral is an integral part of the Group’s risk management
when originating loans and when monitoring and steering the Group’s credit risks. In general, the Group is willing to accept
higher LTV’s, the better the creditor’s creditworthiness is. Nevertheless, restrictions of LTV apply e.g. for countries with
negative economic outlook or expected declines of real estate values.
As of December 31, 2024, 65% of the Group’s exposure related to the mortgage lending portfolio had an LTV ratio below
or equal to 50% compared to 65% as of December 31, 2023.

Focus areas in 2024
As previously mentioned in the Key risk themes section, Deutsche Bank has identified commercial real estate, the
automotive industry and climate risk as focus areas of the Group in 2024.

Commercial Real Estate
Commercial Real Estate (CRE) markets continue to face headwinds due to the impacts of higher interest rates, reduced
market liquidity combined with tightened lending conditions, and structural changes in the office sector. The market stress
has been more pronounced in the U.S. where property price indices show a more substantial decline of CRE asset values
from recent peaks compared to Europe and APAC. Especially, within the office segment, the market weakness is most
evident in the U.S., reflected in subdued leasing activity and higher vacancy rates compared to Europe. Recent market data
indicate stabilization in some markets. For example, a key CRE price index curve in the U.S. has flattened over the past year,
indicating property market values in the U.S. have bottomed out on a broad average while some value decline can still be
observed in weak office submarkets. In Europe, signs of stabilization are emerging particularly in residential, logistics and
hospitality property sectors.

154

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

In the current environment, the main risk for the portfolio is related to refinancing and extension of maturing loans which
is negatively affected by the impact of higher interest rates on collateral values and debt service. CRE loans often have a
significant portion of principal payable at maturity. Under current market conditions, borrowers may have difficulty
obtaining a new loan to repay the maturing debt or to meet conditions that allow extension of loans. This risk is further
amplified for loans in the office segment due to increased uncertainty about letting prospects for office properties.
Deutsche Bank is closely monitoring the CRE portfolio for development of such risks.
The Group continues to proactively work with borrowers to address upcoming maturities to establish terms for loan
amendments and extensions, which in many cases, are classified as forbearance triggering Stage 2 classification under
IFRS 9 but are not always deemed modifications under IFRS (please see modification of financial assets and financial
liabilities section). However, in certain cases, no agreement can be reached on loan extensions or loan amendments and
the borrower’s inability to restructure or refinance leads to a default. This has resulted in higher Stage 3 ECL’s in 2023 and
2024. Overall, uncertainty remains with respect to future defaults and the timing of a full recovery in the CRE markets.
The CRE portfolio consists of lending arrangements originated across various parts of the bank and client segments. The
CRE portfolio under the Group’s CRE definition includes exposures reported under the Main Credit Exposure Categories
by Industry Sectors for Real Estate Activities NACE and exposures reported under other NACE classifications including
Financial and Insurance Activities.
Within the CRE portfolio, the Group differentiates between recourse and non-recourse financing. Recourse CRE financings
typically have a lower inherent risk profile based on recourse to creditworthy entities or individuals, in addition to mortgage
collateral. Recourse CRE exposures range from secured recourse lending for business or commercial properties to property
companies, Wealth Management clients, as well as other private and corporate clients.
Non-recourse financings rely on sources of repayment that are typically limited to the cash flows generated by the
financed property and the ability to refinance such loans may be constrained by the underlying property value and income
stream generated by such property at the time of refinancing.
The entire CRE loan portfolio is subject to periodic stress testing under Deutsche Bank’s Group Wide Stress Test
Framework. In addition, Deutsche Bank uses bespoke portfolio stress testing for certain sub-segments of the CRE loan
portfolio to obtain a more comprehensive view of potential downside risks. For the year ending December 31, 2024, the
Group performed a bespoke portfolio stress test on a subset of the non-recourse financing portfolio deemed higher risk
based on its heightened sensitivity to current CRE market stress factors, including higher interest rates, declining collateral
values and elevated refinancing risk due to loan structures with a high proportion of their outstanding principal balance
payable at maturity.
As of December 31, 2024, the non-recourse portfolio subject to bespoke portfolio stress testing, also referred to as the
higher risk CRE portfolio or the stress-tested CRE portfolio, amounted to € 29.3 billion of the € 36.5 billion non-recourse
CRE portfolio, excluding only sub-portfolios with less impacted risk drivers such as data centers and municipal social
housing, which benefit from strong underlying demand fundamentals. The reduction in the non-recourse CRE portfolio
and stress-tested CRE portfolio since December 31, 2023 was € 1.7 billion and € 1.9 billion, respectively, mainly driven by
loan repayments and loan sales partially offset by new loan originations.
The following table provides an overview of the Group’s Real Estate Activities and other industry sectors (NACE
classification) contributing to Deutsche Bank’s non-recourse and stress-tested CRE portfolio as of December 31, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, respectively.
Overview of CRE portfolio
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Real Estate Activities³
thereof: non-recourse
thereof: stress-tested portfolio
Other industry sectors³ non-recourse
thereof: stress-tested portfolio
Total non-recourse CRE portfolio
thereof: stress-tested portfolio
1
2
3

Dec 31, 2023

Gross Carrying
Amount¹

Allowance for
Credit Losses²

Gross Carrying
Amount¹

Allowance for
Credit Losses²

49,859
23,979
20,361
12,484
8,944
36,463
29,305

664
547
527
248
126
795
653

49,267
25,073
21,331
13,119
9,879
38,192
31,210

460
382
364
225
114
606
478

Loans at amortized cost
Allowance for credit losses do not include allowance for country risk
Industry sector by NACE (Nomenclature des Activités Économiques dans la Communauté Européenne) code

155

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

The following table shows the non-recourse CRE portfolio by IFRS 9 stages as well as provision for credit losses recorded
as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
Non-recourse CRE portfolio
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Exposure by stages
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total

Provision for Credit Losses²
1
2

Dec 31, 2023

Gross Carrying
Amount¹

Gross Carrying
Amount¹

24,095
9,132
3,236
36,463

27,325
7,661
3,206
38,192

2024
500

2023
445

Loans at amortized cost
Provision for Credit Losses do not include country risk provisions

The year on year increase in Stage 2 and Stage 3 exposures is reflective of the deterioration in CRE markets leading to
higher number of loans added to the watchlist and forbearance measures as well as increasing defaults.
The following table shows the stress-tested CRE portfolio by IFRS 9 stages, region, property type and average weighted
loan to value (LTV) as well as provision for credit losses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2024, and December
31, 2023, respectively.
Stress-tested CRE portfolio
Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Gross Carrying
Amount¹

Gross Carrying
Amount¹

18,756
7,713
2,836
29,305

21,568
6,889
2,753
31,210

54%
39%2
7%
42%
24%
17%3
2%
12%
10%
10%

56%
36%
7%
42%
23%
17%
2%
14%
10%
9%

Weighted average LTV, in %
Investment Bank
Corporate Bank
Other Business

66%
56%
71%

66%
53%
68%

Provision for Credit Losses4
thereof: North America

2024
492
400

2023
388
298

in € m.

Exposure by stages
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
thereof:
North America
Western Europe (including Germany)
Asia/Pacific
thereof: offices
North America
Western Europe (including Germany)
Asia/Pacific
thereof: residential
thereof: hospitality
thereof: retail

Loans at amortized cost
Germany accounts for ca 8% of the total stress-tested CRE portfolio
Office loans in Germany account for 10% of total office loans in the stress-tested CRE portfolio
4
Provision for Credit Losses do not include country risk provisions
1
2
3

The average LTV in the U.S. office loan segment was 81% as of December 31, 2024, unchanged versus December 31, 2023.
LTV calculations are based on latest externally appraised values which are additionally subject to regular interim internal
adjustments. While the Group is updating CRE collateral values where applicable, such values and their underlying
assumptions are subject to a higher degree of fluctuation and uncertainty in the current environment of heightened market
volatility and reduced market liquidity. A continuation of the current stressed market conditions could have a further
adverse impact on commercial real estate property values and LTV ratios.

156

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Stage classification and provisioning levels are primarily based on the Group’s assessment of a borrower’s ability to
generate recurring cash flows, its ability to obtain refinancing at the loan’s maturity, and an assessment of the financed
property’s collateral value. Deutsche Bank actively monitors these factors for potential signs of deterioration to ensure
timely adjustment of the borrower’s loan classifications. When a loan is deemed to be impaired, the Group calculates
required credit loss provisions using multiple potential scenarios for loan resolution, weighted by their expected
probabilities and taking into account information available at that point. Such assessments are inherently subjective with
respect to scenario weightings and subject to various assumptions, including future cash flows generated by a property
and potential property liquidation proceeds. These assumptions are subject to uncertainties which are exacerbated in the
current volatile market environment such that deviating developments to initial assumptions could have a material future
impact on calculated provisions. Additional uncertainty exists within the office sector due to the uncertain long-term
impact of remote working arrangements on demand for office space. The Group remains highly selective around new
business, focusing on more resilient property types such as industrial or logistics.
While central banks have started to cut short-term interest rates, the Group expects current CRE market conditions to
continue, in the near-term particularly in the office sector which could result in further deterioration of asset quality and
elevated credit loss provisions, which is reflected in the communicated guidance for credit loss provisions for 2025.
Since the onset of the CRE market deterioration, the Group aims to assess the downside risk of additional credit losses in
its higher risk non-recourse portfolio through a temporary bespoke stress testing focused on examining property values
movements as basis of to identify potential losses on a portfolio basis. Stressed values are derived by applying an observed
peak-to-trough market index decline (a commercial property value market index) to the appraised values plus an additional
haircut, differentiated by property type and region. Implying a liquidation scenario, the stress analysis assumes a loss to
occur on a loan when the stressed property value is less than the outstanding loan balance, i.e., the stress LTV beyond
100%.
Based on the stress test assumptions and utilizing the stress-tested CRE portfolio of € 29.3 billion as of December 31,
2024, as a starting point, stress could result, in a worst case scenario, in approximately € 1.2 billion of credit losses, over
multiple years based on the respective maturity profile. The allowance recorded against the stress tested portfolio was
€ 0.7 billion as of December 31, 2024. In a normalized stress scenario, taking into account recently observed trends and
information, including indications of stabilizing CRE markets, the bank would expect incremental provisions of € 0.5 billion
over the aforementioned period.
The bespoke stress test has numerous limitations, including but not restricted to lack of differentiation based on individual
asset performance, specific location or asset desirability, all of which could have a material impact on potential stress
losses. Furthermore, calculated stress losses are sensitive to potential further deterioration of peak-to-trough index values
and assumptions about incremental haircuts and incremental stress loss can therefore change in future. Changes in
underlying assumptions could lead to a wider range of stress results and hence the Group's bespoke stress approach
should be viewed as one of multiple possible scenarios. While the stress test aims to assess potential losses in an adverse
scenario, Deutsche Bank believes that based on currently available information, the ECL estimate related to the Group’s
CRE portfolio is within a reasonable range and thus represents the bank’s best estimate, considering the advanced stage
of the current down cycle which is pointing towards stabilization as real estate values have adjusted to the shocks from
higher interest rates and remote working trends

Automotives
The automotive industry environment poses a growing risk to Deutsche Bank’s Automotive and Supplier portfolio which is
monitored closely given the challenging economic environment in Europe, Electric Vehicle (EV) transition and competition
from China.
The industry outlook from automotives remains subdued. Although car registrations have stabilized during 2024, the trend
remains negative in key markets Germany, France, and Italy, while the U.S. and China have shown solid volume growth in
2024. The outlook however remains challenging especially for EU domiciled companies amid risks from Automotive
Manufacturers facing potential EU fines as EV sales are well below mandated targets, potential U.S. import tariffs affecting
sales in the key market U.S, competition from China and persistent excess capacities around the globe.
The difficult industry environment has had limited impact on Deutsche Bank’s automotive and supplier portfolio thus far
with only moderate downward rating migrations observed across overall portfolio with 68% of clients rated as investment
grade, a 6% point decrease year on year.

157

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

The Group feels comfortable with the portfolio size and composition, where the broader automotive sector represents
1.5 % of Deutsche Bank’s loans at amortized cost, with the core portfolio focused on strong quality Original Equipment
Manufacturers (OEMs) and larger suppliers. Higher risk portfolios, including smaller suppliers, are closely tracked and
tightly managed. Additionally, there have been limited loan loss allowance increases across counterparties domiciled in
Germany where most of the allowance relates to historical stage 3 cases. Exposures in Automotives have been pro-actively
screened over the past 18 months with higher risk clients added to watchlists. The bank believes the current
macroeconomic and sector-specific challenges are thus adequately reflected in ratings, staging and credit loss
allowances.
The information below is based on an internal industry risk classification, aligned to the industry of the counterparty which
is not fully congruent with the NACE applied elsewhere in this report, e.g. in the Asset Quality section.
Group Automotive Loans Portfolio
Dec 31, 2024
in €

Exposure/allowances by stages
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
thereof: Germany1
1

Dec 31, 2023

Gross Carrying
Amount

Allowance for
Credit Losses

Gross Carrying
Amount

Allowance for
Credit Losses

5,402
1,374
291
7,068
2,421

5
9
173
188
133

5,768
984
439
7,191
2,774

4
10
124
139
119

Counterparty country of domicile

Climate Risk
Background and definitions
Climate transition and physical risks present growing risks to the bank’s sectoral and regional portfolios.
Transition risks, defined as the risks arising from the policy, technology and behavioral changes needed to decarbonize the
global economy, are expected to lead to a progressive shift away from fossil fuel-based technologies in favor of renewable
energy sources. This will generate increased risks for companies with carbon intensive business models who are unable to
execute on credible transition plans. Deutsche Bank is exposed to transition risks via its lending to, and other business
activities with, carbon intensive clients and physical assets.
Physical risks, defined as the potential for physical damage and associated financial and non-financial losses due to rising
temperatures, are increasing in frequency and intensity. Deutsche Bank is exposed to physical risks via its lending to, and
other business activities with, clients and physical assets in regions which are vulnerable to acute events (e.g. wildfires,
hurricanes) and chronic events (e.g. rising sea levels).
Risk identification, assessment and management
Managing climate transition and physical risks is a key component of the bank’s risk management and wider sustainability
strategy. Climate risks are embedded into the bank’s risk frameworks and appetite, prioritizing clients and portfolios with
the highest vulnerability based on a broad range of bespoke climate risk identification and classification approaches,
including risk concentrations. All economic sectors are included in the analysis and the carbon-intensive sectors are
subject to particular focus.
A comprehensive Climate materiality assessment is performed on an annual basis which assesses potential impacts across
a range of scenarios and timeframes. A detailed description is provided in the “Impact, risk and opportunity management”
section within the “Climate Change” chapter of the Sustainability Statement. The assessment utilizes a range of
quantitative estimation approaches including emissions and emission intensity estimates, physical risk loss estimates
across a range of different temperature scenarios and client transition and physical risk scorecards. The materiality
assessment is based on internal ratings migration for corporate lending exposures and the impact on collateral value for
real estate exposures The quantitative assessment is supplemented by qualitative views from internal subject matter
experts. The bank also conducts annual stress testing of climate and physical risks across a range of scenarios and
timeframes.
The results of these assessments are utilized to quantify potential downside risks and to identify clients in higher risk
portfolios which are subject to enhanced due diligence as part of the bank’s credit approval process. Risk assessments are
integrated into the internal credit rating process and are considered as potential triggers for inclusion in the Watchlist.
Dedicated requirements for insurance arrangements are in place for real estate lending. To manage climate transition risks,
net zero targets have been established for key carbon intensive sectors with dedicated governance in place to review
transactions with a significant impact on target metrics. A detailed presentation and discussion of the bank’s net zero
targets is provided in the Initial Transition Plan published in October 2023.

158

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Forward-looking impact analysis
Based on the 2024 materiality assessment and climate stress test results the Group concludes that potential credit risk
impacts are well-contained in both the short (1-2yr) and medium term (3-5yr) under current policy assumptions, and also
in a scenario where all stated pledges by governments are enforced. The former scenario is considered most likely to occur
in the short-to-medium term, that latter scenario is considered less likely to materialize in the current geopolitical
environment.
The 2024 materiality assessment concludes that long-term risks are potentially material across all scenarios but with a
high degree of uncertainty over the results reflecting the very long-time frame, up to 25 years, and based on several
conservative assumptions including static balance sheet.
Risks to the portfolio would be significantly higher in a disorderly net zero scenario where following a prolonged period of
inaction governments introduced punitive climate taxes and other policies with a very short implementation period.
Deutsche Bank considers this scenario to be extremely unlikely to materialize in the short to medium term and thus the
risk is reflected in our Economic Capital calculation rather than ECL.
Both the materiality assessment and bespoke climate stress test have several limitations including but not limited to high
levels of uncertainty on policy developments over the medium-to-long term, difficulty with precisely forecasting the
location and severity of physical risk events and assumptions around the adaptive capabilities of our clients. Utilization of
multiple scenarios is designed to mitigate these uncertainties.
Based on these estimates Deutsche Bank believes that ECL estimates for higher transition and physical risk exposures are
within reasonable ranges and require no additional corrective measure.
A sensitivity analysis has been undertaken as part of the climate stress test that is based on reasonable ranges of potential
variation for carbon prices and energy prices. The stressed ECL impacts at a one-year horizon were found to be from a
single digit number for a Current Policies scenario to a low 2-digit figure for a Delayed Transition scenario. These
estimations are aligned with the outputs of the materiality assessment.

Conclusion
To ensure that Deutsche Bank’s expected credit losses (ECL) model was taking into account the uncertainties in the
macroeconomic environment throughout 2024, the Group reviewed emerging risks to assess its potential downside and
to manage the bank’s credit strategy and risk appetite on an ongoing basis. Overall, Deutsche Bank believes the actions
taken as a result of these reviews were designated to ensure the bank was adequately provisioned for its expected credit
losses as of December 31, 2024.

Asset Quality
This section describes the quality of debt instruments subject to impairment, which under IFRS 9 consist of debt
instruments measured at amortized cost, financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
as well as off balance sheet lending commitments such as loan commitments and financial guarantees (hereafter
collectively referred to as “Financial Assets”).

159

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Overview of financial assets subject to impairment
The following tables provide an overview of the exposure amount and allowance for credit losses by financial asset class
broken down into stages as per IFRS 9 requirements.
Overview of financial assets subject to impairment
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Amortized cost¹
Gross carrying amount
Allowance for credit
losses²
of which Loans
Gross carrying amount
Allowance for credit
losses²
Fair value through OCI
Fair value
Allowance for credit
losses
Off-balance sheet
Notional amount
Allowance for credit
losses³

Dec 31, 2023

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

676,154

63,836

15,214

609

755,814

686,421

55,704

12,799

806

755,731

438

736

4,412

213

5,799

447

680

3,960

198

5,285

412,480

56,540

14,974

609

484,603

412,663

52,834

12,576

806

478,879

411

718

4,326

213

5,668

424

673

3,874

198

5,170

36,828

5,176

86

0

42,090

34,424

1,076

46

0

35,546

12

16

10

0

38

13

13

22

0

48

313,625

25,983

2,225

7

341,840

292,747

23,778

2,282

8

318,814

106

82

173

0

361

117

88

187

0

393

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Financial assets at amortized cost consist of: loans at amortized cost, cash and central bank balances, interbank balances (w/o central banks), central bank funds sold and
securities purchased under resale agreements, securities borrowed and certain subcategories of other assets
2
Allowance for credit losses do not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 14 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 4 million as of December 31, 2023
3
Allowance for credit losses do not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 2 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 9 million as of December 31, 2023
1

Financial assets at amortized cost
The following tables provide an overview of development of financial assets at amortized cost and related allowance for
credit losses in each of the relevant reporting periods broken down into stages as per IFRS 9 requirements.
Development of exposures in the current reporting period
Dec 31, 2024
Gross carrying amount
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

686,421

55,704

12,799

806

755,731

74,160
(11,473)

934
9,079

2,151
2,394

(33)
0

77,212
0

0
0

9
0

(55)
0

0
0

(46)
0

(86,710)
0
13,756
676,154

(2,906)
0
1,016
63,836

(2,598)
157
367
15,214

(180)
0
16
609

(92,394)
157
15,154
755,814

Financial assets at amortized cost subject to impairment remained almost unchanged in 2024:
Stage 1 exposures decreased by € 11 billion or 2%, primarily due to a reduction in cash and central bank balances partly
offset by the increase in securities purchased under resale agreements.
Stage 2 exposures went up by € 8 billion or 15% mainly due to a large single client in Corporate & Other and an increase in
Private Bank mainly driven by residual temporary impacts following the Postbank integration.
Stage 3 exposures increased by € 2 billion or 16% in 2024, mainly driven by new defaults in Private Bank and Corporate &
Other. The latter were related to the CRE portfolio.

160

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Development of exposures in the previous reporting period
Dec 31, 2023
Gross carrying amount
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

721,546

45,335

11,379

1,041

779,300

17,219
(4,513)

10,074
3,111

2,498
1,402

99
0

29,890
0

0
0

8
0

(40)
0

0
0

(32)
0

(41,331)
0
(6,499)
686,421

(2,182)
0
(641)
55,704

(2,397)
93
(136)
12,799

(315)
0
(18)
806

(46,226)
93
(7,295)
755,731

Financial assets at amortized cost subject to impairment decreased by € 24 billion or 3% in 2023, driven by stage 1:
Stage 1 exposures declined by € 35 billion or 5%, primarily due to a reduction in cash and central bank balances and loans
at amortized cost.
Stage 2 exposures increased by € 10 billion or 23% largely driven by loans at amortized cost.
Stage 3 exposures went up by € 1 billion or 10% in 2023, mainly driven by new defaults of single large clients in Private
Bank as well as within the CRE portfolio in Investment Bank.
Development of allowance for credit losses in the current reporting period
Dec 31, 2024
Allowance for Credit Losses²
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period³
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk¹

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI⁴

Total

447

680

3,960

198

5,285

(150)
128

194
(128)

1,814
0

3
N/M

1,861
0

N/M
(2)

N/M
(7)

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
(9)

0
0
15
438
(24)

0
0
(3)
736
59

(1,229)
157
(290)
4,412
1,814

0
0
11
213
3

(1,229)
157
(267)
5,799
1,852

Movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in creditworthiness and changes in models add up to Provision for Credit Losses excluding
country risk
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 14 million as of December 31, 2024
3
This position includes charge offs of allowance for credit losses
4
The total amount of undiscounted expected credit losses at initial recognition on financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired initially recognized
during the reporting period was € 0 million in 2024 and € 0 million in 2023
1

2

Allowance for credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost subject to impairment went up by € 513 million or 10% in
2024, largely driven by stage 3:
Stage 1 allowances decreased by € 9 million or 2% mainly driven by Private Bank due to exposure reduction and almost
offset by the increases in Corporate Bank and Investment Bank.
Stage 2 allowances increased by € 56 million or 8% largely due to Private Bank and Corporate Bank.
Stage 3 allowances went up by € 466 million or 11% in 2024, driven by additional charges in the CRE portfolio and in
Corporate Bank as well as new defaults in Private Bank. The latter were offset to a large extent by non-performing loans
sales.
The Group’s Stage 3 coverage ratio (defined as allowance for credit losses in Stage 3 (excluding POCI) as a percentage of
financial assets at amortized cost in Stage 3 (excluding POCI)) amounted to 29% in the current fiscal year, compared to
31% in the prior year.

161

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Due to model recalibrations as well as larger amounts of new defaults, net outflows from stage 1 due to changes in
creditworthiness increased in 2024 on a year-over-year basis. Net inflows in stage 2 due to changes in creditworthiness
increased in 2024, which was mainly due to model recalibrations and stage 2 reclassifications in the CRE portfolio. In 2024,
net inflows in stage 3 (excluding POCI) increased compared to 2023. The increase in transfers to stage 3 due to
creditworthiness in 2024 resulted from new defaults in Private Bank and Corporate & Other, as mentioned above.
Development of allowance for credit losses in the previous reporting period
Dec 31, 2023
Allowance for Credit Losses²
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period³
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk¹

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI⁴

Total

533

626

3,656

180

4,995

(195)
170

294
(150)

1,647
(20)

32
N/M

1,778
0

N/M
(57)-

N/M
(53)

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
(110)

0
0
(3)
447
(83)

0
0
(38)
680
92

(1,145)
93
(271)
3,960
1,627

(52)
0
38
198
32

(1,197)
93
(273)
5,285
1,668

1 Movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in creditworthiness and changes in models add up to Provision for Credit Losses excluding

country risk
2 Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 4 million as of December 31, 2023
3 This position includes charge offs of allowance for credit losses
4 The total amount of undiscounted expected credit losses at initial recognition on financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired initially recognized during the

reporting period was € 0 million in 2023 and € 46 million in 2022

Allowance for credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost subject to impairment went up by € 291 million or 6% in
2023, driven by stages 3:
Stage 1 allowances decreased by € 86 million or 16% driven by non-recurring positive ECL model changes and an improved
macroeconomic outlook.
Stage 2 allowances increased by € 54 million or 9% due to the aforementioned overlays mainly related to envisaged ECL
model changes (Forward Looking Information on LGDs), which led to an increase of Allowance for Credit Losses.
Stage 3 allowances increased by € 323 million or 8%, mainly driven by the new provisions and the release of the existing
overlay related to parameter recalibrations required due to the new definition of default in Private Bank (which at first
application led to a decrease of Allowance for Credit Losses), as mentioned in the Annual Report 2023.
The Group’s stage 3 coverage ratio (defined as allowance for credit losses in stage 3 (excluding POCI) as a percentage of
financial assets at amortized cost in stage 3 (excluding POCI)) amounted to 31% in the current fiscal year, compared to
32% in the prior year.
Due to non-recurring positive ECL model changes, net transfers into stage 1 resulting from changes in creditworthiness
increased in 2023 on a year-over-year basis. Net outflows from stage 2 due to changes in creditworthiness increased in
2023, which was mainly as a result of the improved macroeconomic environment. In 2023, net outflows from stage 3
(excluding POCI) increased compared to 2022. The immaterial amount of net outflows from stage 3 due to
creditworthiness in 2023 resulted from a release of an overlay, as mentioned in the Annual Report 2023.
Financial assets at amortized cost by business division
Dec 31, 2024
Gross Carrying Amount¹
in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total
1

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

115,541
179,230
224,098
1,213
156,072
676,154

12,770
12,380
30,564
11
8,111
63,836

3,015
3,462
7,864
0
873
15,214

0
609
0
0
0
609

131,326
195,682
262,526
1,224
165,057
755,814

86
138
205
(0)
9
438

121
112
489
0
14
736

1,006
714
2,583
0
110
4,412

0
213
0
0
0
213

1,212
1,176
3,277
0
133
5,799

Gross Carrying Amount numbers per business division are reported after a reallocation of cash balances from business divisions to Corporate & Other

162

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Gross Carrying Amount¹
in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total
1

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

105,812
150,562
233,744
1,224
195,079
686,421

13,706
13,309
26,815
8
1,866
55,704

2,812
3,127
6,400
0
460
12,799

0
806
0
0
0
806

122,329
167,804
266,960
1,232
197,406
755,731

67
119
249
(0)
11
447

110
108
445
0
16
680

876
536
2,497
0
51
3,960

0
198
0
0
0
198

1,053
962
3,191
(0)
79
5,285

Gross Carrying Amount numbers per business division are reported after a reallocation of cash balances from business divisions to Corporate & Other

Financial assets at amortized cost by industry sector

The below table provides an overview of the Group’s asset quality by industry and is based on the NACE code of the
counterparty. NACE (Nomenclature des Activités Économiques dans la Communauté Européenne) is a standard European
industry classification system.
Dec 31, 2024
Gross Carrying Amount
in € m.

Stage 1

Agriculture, forestry and
fishing
360
Mining and quarrying
1,687
Manufacturing
21,327
Electricity, gas, steam and
air conditioning supply
3,898
Water supply, sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities
527
Construction
3,643
Wholesale and retail
trade, repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles
18,487
Transport and storage
4,145
Accommodation and food
service activities
2,224
Information and
communication
8,220
Financial and insurance
activities
344,869
Real estate activities
35,812
Professional, scientific and
technical activities
5,279
Administrative and
support service activities
7,864
Public administration and
defense, compulsory
social security
23,217
Education
251
Human health services
and social work activities
3,695
Arts, entertainment and
recreation
716
Other service activities
16,190
Activities of households as
employers,
undifferentiated goodsand services-producing
activities of households
for own use
173,031
Activities of
extraterritorial
organizations and bodies
711
Total
676,154

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

55
234
4,382

12
4
1,303

0
0
32

427
1,926
27,044

0
3
23

1
5
39

5
3
534

0
0
2

6
11
597

407

210

0

4,515

6

8

77

0

92

63
713

5
207

0
45

595
4,609

1
5

1
8

3
81

0
13

4
106

2,453
829

709
259

23
24

21,672
5,257

16
4

26
4

334
45

3
(0)

378
53

386

63

0

2,673

3

5

25

(0)

32

977

212

0

9,409

11

14

55

0

79

15,962
10,860

2,213
3,604

133
173

363,176
50,448

130
18

110
48

580
512

50
88

870
666

861

223

1

6,364

4

10

89

1

104

1,265

117

24

9,269

8

6

39

8

61

1,018
38

641
7

0
0

24,876
295

10
0

3
0

31
2

0
0

44
3

453

115

0

4,264

4

10

15

0

29

95
810

11
419

0
113

822
17,532

0
13

1
6

4
144

0
30

6
193

21,971

4,879

42

199,924

180

431

1,835

18

2,464

5
63,836

0
15,214

0
609

716
755,814

0
438

0
736

0
4,412

0
213

0
5,799

163

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Gross Carrying Amount
in € m.

Stage 1

Agriculture, forestry and
fishing
288
Mining and quarrying
2,538
Manufacturing
23,474
Electricity, gas, steam and
air conditioning supply
4,253
Water supply, sewerage,
waste management and
remediation activities
491
Construction
3,248
Wholesale and retail
trade, repair of motor
vehicles and motorcycles
17,237
Transport and storage
4,083
Accommodation and food
service activities
1,471
Information and
communication
7,398
Financial and insurance
activities
342,352
Real estate activities
37,907
Professional, scientific and
technical activities
5,887
Administrative and
support service activities
7,980
Public administration and
defense, compulsory
social security
26,536
Education
226
Human health services
and social work activities
3,986
Arts, entertainment and
recreation
769
Other service activities
8,436
Activities of households as
employers,
undifferentiated goodsand services- producing
activities of households
for own use
187,649
Activities of
extraterritorial
organizations and bodies
213
Total
686,421

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

77
277
4,061

20
8
1,445

0
0
44

384
2,823
29,024

0
2
27

1
3
48

4
4
456

(0)
0
2

6
9
533

206

73

0

4,532

3

3

16

0

23

21
893

5
213

0
60

517
4,414

1
5

0
9

3
80

0
12

5
107

3,407
1,075

698
165

25
24

21,366
5,346

16
6

31
10

351
30

3
(0)

402
46

320

76

3

1,869

2

3

26

(0)

31

814

89

0

8,302

10

11

28

0

49

12,189
8,954

1,691
2,630

351
185

356,583
49,675

96
19

90
49

491
321

92
75

769
464

918

179

1

6,985

6

12

75

1

94

1,107

351

24

9,463

7

11

114

9

141

489
46

742
11

0
0

27,767
283

15
0

1
1

28
2

0
0

45
3

482

34

0

4,503

5

7

14

0

25

229
648

31
225

1
86

1,030
9,395

1
11

5
6

3
119

0
6

10
143

19,492

4,113

3

211,257

212

379

1,792

(2)

2,381

0
55,704

0
12,799

0
806

213
755,731

0
447

0
680

0
3,960

0
198

0
5,285

Financial assets at amortized cost by region
Dec 31, 2024
Gross Carrying Amount
in € m.

Germany
Western Europe
(excluding Germany)
Eastern Europe
North America
Central and South
America
Asia/Pacific
Africa
Other
Total

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

251,984

24,236

4,579

0

280,799

205

447

2,181

(2)

2,831

158,729
8,996
178,548

13,601
804
15,549

3,525
205
4,888

321
0
62

117
4
51

186
12
70

1,114
38
619

154
0
11

5,445
61,195
4,159
7,098
676,154

459
8,423
530
234
63,836

73
979
604
361
15,214

0
114
0
113
609

4
41
10
6
438

2
15
3
2
736

19
281
33
127
4,412

0
(3)
0
52
213

176,177
10,004
199,047
5,978
70,711
5,293
7,806
755,814

1,572
54
752
25
333
46
186
5,799

164

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Gross Carrying Amount
in € m.

Germany
Western Europe
(excluding Germany)
Eastern Europe
North America
Central and South
America
Asia/Pacific
Africa
Other
Total

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

291,826

21,499

3,653

0

316,978

214

390

1,936

(4)

2,537

134,376
8,768
175,011

15,228
1,058
12,133

3,410
396
3,442

560
0
89

116
4
51

179
11
74

1,076
47
445

194
0
12

3,936
52,290
4,099
16,116
686,421

261
5,031
187
307
55,704

80
909
717
192
12,799

5
92
0
62
806

2
28
8
23
447

1
23
1
0
680

16
317
30
94
3,960

0
1
0
(5)
198

153,573
10,221
190,674
4,282
58,322
5,003
16,677
755,731

1,564
62
582
19
370
39
113
5,285

Financial assets at amortized cost by rating class
Dec 31, 2024
Gross Carrying Amount
in € m.

iAAA–iAA
iA
iBBB
iBB
iB
iCCC and below
Total

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

226,138
110,279
179,697
135,762
23,090
1,188
676,154

7,186
2,061
7,150
20,146
21,692
5,601
63,836

0
0
0
0
0
15,214
15,214

0
10
0
0
0
599
609

233,324
112,351
186,847
155,908
44,782
22,603
755,814

2
10
54
246
115
11
438

0
1
12
111
351
260
736

0
0
0
0
0
4,412
4,412

0
0
0
0
0
213
213

2
11
66
358
467
4,896
5,799

Dec 31, 2023
Gross Carrying Amount
in € m.

iAAA–iAA
iA
iBBB
iBB
iB
iCCC and below
Total

Allowance for Credit Losses

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

244,750
101,538
186,168
122,823
28,531
2,611
686,421

518
2,359
8,446
18,153
20,040
6,188
55,704

0
0
0
0
0
12,799
12,799

0
9
0
0
0
797
806

245,268
103,907
194,614
140,976
48,571
22,395
755,731

2
8
66
173
165
32
447

0
1
16
78
294
290
680

0
0
0
0
0
3,960
3,960

0
0
0
0
0
198
198

3
9
82
251
459
4,481
5,285

The Group’s existing commitments to lend additional funds to debtors with stage 3 financial assets at amortized cost
amounted to € 710 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 816 million as of December 31, 2023.
Collateral held against financial assets at amortized cost in stage 3
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Financial Assets at Amortized Cost (Stage
3)¹

Gross Carrying
Amount

Collateral

15,214

6,242

Dec 31, 2023

Guarantees

Gross Carrying
Amount

Collateral

Guarantees

1,368

12,799

4,451

1,435

1 Stage 3 excluding POCI assets

In 2024, collateral and guarantees held against financial assets at amortized cost in stage 3 increased by € 1.7 billion, or
29% mainly driven by Private Bank.
Due to full collateralization the Group did not recognize an allowance for credit losses against financial assets at amortized
cost in stage 3 for € 1.6 billion in 2024 and € 408 million in 2023.

165

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Modified assets at amortized cost
A financial asset is considered modified when its contractual cash flows are renegotiated or otherwise modified.
Renegotiation or modification may or may not lead to derecognition of the old and recognition of the new financial
instrument. This section covers modified financial assets that have not been derecognized.
Under IFRS 9, when the terms of a Financial Asset are renegotiated or modified and the modification does not result in
derecognition, a gain or loss is recognized in the income statement as the difference between the original contractual cash
flows and the modified cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate (EIR). For modified financial assets the
determination of whether the asset’s credit risk has increased significantly reflects the comparison of:
– The remaining lifetime probability of default (PD) at the reporting date based on the modified terms; with
– The remaining lifetime PD estimated based on data at initial recognition and based on the original contractual terms.
The following table provides the overview of modified financial assets at amortized cost broken down into IFRS 9 stages.
Modified Assets at Amortized Cost
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Amortized cost carrying amount prior to
modification
Net modification gain/losses recognized

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

0
0

726
9

132
(55)

0
0

Dec 31, 2023

Total

Stage 1

Stage 2

858
(46)

0
0

1,072
5

Stage 3

Stage 3
POCI

Total

220
(40)

0
0

1,292
(35)

In 2024, the bank has observed the decrease of € 434 million in modified assets at amortized cost due to client related
modifications, driven by Investment Bank and Private Bank.
In 2024, the Group has not observed any amounts of modified assets that have been upgraded to Stage 1. The bank has
not observed any subsequent re-deterioration of those assets into Stages 2 and 3.
In 2023, the Group has not observed any amounts of modified assets that have been upgraded to Stage 1. The bank has
not observed any subsequent re-deterioration of those assets into Stages 2 and 3.

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
The fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) subject to impairment under
IFRS 9 was € 42 billion at December 31, 2024, compared to € 36 billion at December 31, 2023. Allowance for credit losses
against these assets remained at very low levels (€ 38 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 48 million as of December 31,
2023). Due to immateriality no further breakdown is provided for financial assets at FVOCI.

Off-balance sheet lending commitments and guarantee business
The following tables provide an overview of the nominal amount and credit loss allowance for the Group’s off-balance
sheet financial asset class broken down into stages as per IFRS 9 requirements.
Development of nominal amount in the current reporting period
Dec 31, 2024
Nominal Amount
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

292,747
14,542
(2,108)
0
8,444
313,625
61,279

23,778
(662)
2,215
0
652
25,983
11,752

2,282
(25)
(107)
0
76
2,225
436

8
(0)
0
0
(0)
7
0

318,814
13,855
0
0
9,171
341,840
73,467

166

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Development of nominal amount in the previous reporting period
Dec 31, 2023
Nominal Amount
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

296,062
4,062
(3,040)
0
(4,337)
292,747
58,405

18,478
2,510
3,094
0
(304)
23,778
5,991

2,625
(235)
(54)
0
(54)
2,282
401

8
0
0
0
0
8
0

317,173
6,337
0
0
(4,696)
318,814
64,798

Development of allowance for credit losses in the current reporting period
Dec 31, 2024
Allowance for Credit Losses2
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk1
1

2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

117
(22)
10
0
1
106
67
(13)

88
3
(9)
0
(1)
82
49
(6)

187
(19)
(0)
0
5
173
99
(20)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

393
(38)
0
0
6
361
214
(38)

The above table breaks down the impact on provision for credit losses from movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in
creditworthiness and changes in models
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 2 million as of December 31, 2024

Development of allowance for credit losses in the previous reporting period
Dec 31, 2023
Allowance for Credit Losses2
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk1
1

2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

144
(39)
11
0
1
117
84
(28)

97
(3)
(4)
0
(2)
88
37
(7)

310
(118)
(7)
0
3
187
113
(125)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

551
(160)
0
0
2
393
233
(160)

The above table breaks down the impact on provision for credit losses from movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in
creditworthiness and changes in models
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 9 million as of December 31, 2023

Legal claims
Assets subject to enforcement activity consist of assets, which have been fully or partially written off and the Group still
continues to pursue recovery of the asset. Such enforcement activity comprises for example cases where the bank
continues to devote resources (e.g. our Legal Department/CRM workout unit) towards recovery, either via legal channels
or third party recovery agents. Enforcement activity also applies to cases where the Bank maintains outstanding and
unsettled legal claims. This is irrespective of whether amounts are expected to be recovered and the recovery timeframe.
It may be common practice in certain jurisdictions for recovery cases to span several years.
Amounts outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the reporting period and are still subject to
enforcement activity amounted to € 222 million and € 334 million in 2024 and 2023 respectively, mainly in Corporate
Bank.

167

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Renegotiated and forborne assets at amortized costs
For economic or legal reasons the bank might enter into a forbearance agreement with a borrower who faces or will face
financial difficulties in order to ease the contractual obligation for a limited period of time. A case-by-case approach is
applied for corporate clients considering each transaction and client-specific facts and circumstances. For consumer loans
the bank offers forbearances for a limited period of time, in which the total or partial outstanding or future instalments are
deferred to a later point of time. However, the amount not paid including accrued interest during this period must be recompensated at a later point of time. Repayment options include distribution over residual tenor, a one-off payment or a
tenor extension. Forbearances are restricted and depending on the economic situation of the client, the Group’s risk
management strategies and the local legislation. In case a forbearance agreement is entered into, an impairment
measurement is conducted as described below, an impairment charge is taken if necessary and the loan is subsequently
recorded as impaired.
In the Group’s management and reporting of forborne assets at amortized costs, the bank follows the EBA definition for
forbearances and non-performing loans (Implementing Technical Standards (ITS) on Supervisory reporting on forbearance
and non-performing exposures under article 99(4) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013). Once the conditions mentioned in the
ITS are met, the Group reports the loan as being forborne; removes the asset from the bank’s forbearance reporting, once
the discontinuance criteria in the ITS are met (i.e., the contract is considered as performing, a minimum two year probation
period has passed, regular payments of more than an insignificant aggregate amount of principal or interest have been
made during at least half of the probation period, and none of the exposures to the debtor is more than 30 days past-due
at the end of the probation period).
Forborne financial assets at amortized cost

Performing
in € m.

German
Non-German
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Total
forborne
loans at
amortize
d
cost

Total
forborne
loans at
amortize
d
cost

Non-performing

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

174
93
267

2,248
7,049
9,297

0
0
0

4
16
20

1,056
4,687
5,742

3,481
11,845
15,326

Performing

Non-performing

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

426
639
1,065

2,356
4,399
6,755

0
0
0

7
194
201

812
3,632
4,444

3,600
8,864
12,464

Development of forborne financial assets at amortized cost
in € m.

Balance beginning of period
Classified as forborne during the year
Transferred to non-forborne during the year (including repayments)
Charge-offs
Exchange rate and other movements
Balance end of period

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

12,464
8,572
(6,020)
(211)
521
15,326

11,143
4,007
(2,500)
(80)
(106)
12,464

Forborne assets at amortized cost increased by € 2.9 billion, or 23% in 2024, largely driven by real estate exposures across
various divisions.
Forborne assets at amortized cost increased by € 1.3 billion, or 12% in 2023. This was driven by an increase in Investment
Bank.

168

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Collateral Obtained
The Group obtains collateral on the balance sheet only in certain cases by either taking possession of collateral held as
security or by calling upon other credit enhancements. Collateral obtained is made available for sale in an orderly fashion
or through public auctions, with the proceeds used to repay or reduce outstanding indebtedness. Generally, the bank does
not occupy obtained properties for its business use.
Collateral Obtained during the reporting period
in € m.

2024

2023

Commercial real estate
Residential real estate1
Other
Total collateral obtained during the reporting period

251
3
0
254

0
3
11
14

1

Carrying amount of foreclosed residential real estate properties amounted to € 17 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 30 million as of December 31, 2023

The increase of € 240m in collateral obtained during 2024 relates to a small number of foreclosed commercial real estate
properties in the US.
The collateral obtained, as shown in the table above, excludes collateral recorded as a result of consolidating
securitization trusts under IFRS 10. In 2024 and 2023, the Group obtained € 4 million of collateral related to these trusts.

Derivatives – Credit Valuation Adjustment
The bank establishes counterparty Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) for OTC derivative transactions to cover expected
credit losses. The adjustment amount is determined by assessing the potential credit exposure to a given counterparty and
taking into account any collateral held, the effect of any relevant netting arrangements, expected loss given default and
the credit risk, based on available market information, including CDS spreads.

Treatment of default situations under derivatives
Unlike standard loan assets, the bank generally has more options to manage the credit risk in its derivatives transactions
when movement in the current replacement costs or the behavior of its counterparty indicate that there is the risk that
upcoming payment obligations under the transactions might not be honored. In these situations, the bank is frequently
able under the relevant derivatives agreements to obtain additional collateral or to terminate and close-out the derivative
transactions at short notice.
The master agreements and associated collateralization agreements for OTC derivative transactions executed with its
clients typically result in the majority of its credit exposure being secured by collateral. It also provides for a broad set of
standard or bespoke termination rights, which allows the bank to respond swiftly to a counterparty’s default or to other
circumstances which indicate a high probability of failure.
The banks contractual termination rights are supported by internal policies and procedures with defined roles and
responsibilities which ensure that potential counterparty defaults are identified and addressed in a timely fashion. These
procedures include necessary settlement and trading restrictions. When its decision to terminate derivative transactions
results in a residual net obligation owed by the counterparty, the bank restructures the obligation into a non-derivative
claim and manage it through its regular work-out process. As a consequence, for accounting purposes the bank typically
does not show any nonperforming derivatives.
Wrong-way risk occurs when exposure to a counterparty is adversely correlated with the credit quality of that
counterparty. In compliance with Article 291(2) and (4) CRR the bank has a monthly process to monitor several layers of
wrong-way risk (specific wrong-way risk, general explicit wrong-way risk at country/industry/region levels and general
implicit wrong-way risk, whereby relevant exposures arising from transactions subject to wrong-way risk are automatically
selected and presented for comment to the responsible credit officer). A wrong-way risk report is then sent to Credit Risk
senior management on a monthly basis. In addition, the bank utilized its established process for calibrating its own alpha
factor (as defined in Article 284 (9) CRR) to estimate the overall wrong-way risk in its derivatives and securities financing
transactions portfolio. The Private Bank Germany’s derivative counterparty risk is immaterial to the Group and collateral
held is typically in the form of cash.

169

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Credit Exposure from Derivatives
All exchange traded derivatives are cleared through central counterparties (“CCPs”), the rules and regulations of which
provide for daily margining of all current and future credit risk positions emerging out of such transactions. To the extent
possible, the bank also uses CCP services for OTC derivative transactions (“OTC clearing”); thereby the bank benefits from
the credit risk mitigation achieved through the CCP’s settlement system.
The Dodd-Frank Act provides for an extensive framework for the regulation of OTC derivatives, including mandatory
clearing, platform trading and transaction reporting of certain OTC derivatives, as well as rules regarding registration,
capital, margin, business conduct standards, recordkeeping and other requirements for swap dealers, security-based swap
dealers, major swap participants and major security-based swap participants. The Dodd-Frank Act and related CFTC rules
require OTC clearing in the United States for certain standardized OTC derivative transactions, including certain interest
rate swaps and index credit default swaps. Margin requirements for non-cleared derivative transactions in the U.S. started
in September 2016. The European Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 on OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade
Repositories (“EMIR”) introduced a number of risk mitigation techniques for non-centrally cleared OTC derivatives in 2013
and the reporting of OTC and exchange traded derivatives in 2014. Mandatory clearing of certain standardized OTC
derivatives transactions in the EU began in June 2016, and margin requirements for un-cleared OTC derivative transactions
in the EU started in February 2017. Deutsche Bank implemented the exchange of both initial and variation margin in the
EU from February 2017 for the first category of counterparties subject to the EMIR margin for un-cleared derivatives
requirements.
The CFTC has adopted rules implementing the most significant provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. More recently, in
September 2020, the CFTC issued a final rule on the cross-border application of U.S. swap rules, which builds on, and in
some cases supersedes the CFTC’s cross-border guidance from 2013 and related no-action relief letters. In October 2020,
also pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC finalized regulations to impose position limits on certain commodities and
economically equivalent swaps, futures and options.
The SEC has also finalized rules regarding registration, trade reporting, capital, margin, risk mitigation techniques, business
conduct standards, trade acknowledgement and verification, recordkeeping and financial reporting, and cross-border
requirements for security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants. Compliance with these
requirements was generally required as of November 2021.
Finally, U.S. prudential regulators (the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Farm
Credit Administration and the Federal Housing Finance Agency) have adopted final rules establishing margin requirements
for non-cleared swaps and security-based swaps that are applicable to swap dealers and security-based swap dealers that
are subject to U.S. prudential regulations (such as Deutsche Bank) in lieu of the CFTC’s and the SEC’s margin rules.
Deutsche Bank implemented the exchange of both initial and variation margin for uncleared derivatives in the U.S. from
September 2016, for the first category of counterparties subject to the U.S. prudential regulators’ margin requirements.
Additional initial margin requirements for smaller counterparties have been phased in from September 2017 through
September 2022, with the relevant compliance dates depending in each case on the transactional volume of the parties
and their affiliates.
The following table shows a breakdown of notional amounts and gross market values for assets and liabilities of exchange
traded and OTC derivative transactions on the basis of clearing channel.

170

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Notional amounts of derivatives on basis of clearing channel and type of derivative
Dec 31, 2024
Notional amount maturity distribution

in € m.

Interest rate related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Interest rate related
Currency related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Currency related
Equity/index related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Equity/index related
Credit derivatives related
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Credit derivatives related
Commodity related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Commodity related
Other:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Other
Total OTC business
Total bilateral business
Total CCP business
Total exchange-traded business
Total
Positive market values after netting
and cash collateral received

Within 1 year

> 1 and
≤ 5 years

After 5 years

Total

Positive
market
value

Negative
market
value

Net
market
value

15,951,107
2,396,075
13,555,032
3,292,886
19,243,992

14,364,208
2,537,847
11,826,361
498,496
14,862,704

9,997,538
1,557,885
8,439,653
590
9,998,128

40,312,853
6,491,807
33,821,046
3,791,972
44,104,825

122,114
98,528
23,586
239
122,353

111,053
88,114
22,939
268
111,321

11,061
10,414
647
(29)
11,032

7,718,689
7,496,403
222,287
78,320
7,797,010

1,225,352
1,209,689
15,664
0
1,225,352

508,959
508,809
150
0
508,959

9,453,000
9,214,900
238,100
78,320
9,531,321

147,876
144,648
3,228
384
148,260

144,688
141,847
2,841
477
145,165

3,188
2,800
388
(93)
3,095

22,675
22,675
0
174,707
197,382

9,048
9,048
0
28,489
37,537

15,544
15,544
0
2,348
17,892

47,268
47,268
0
205,544
252,812

1,332
1,332
0
1,818
3,150

2,741
2,741
0
1,827
4,568

(1,409)
(1,409)
0
(9)
(1,418)

278,974
87,962
191,012
0
278,974

896,712
96,506
800,206
0
896,712

73,668
28,063
45,605
0
73,668

1,249,354
212,531
1,036,823
0
1,249,354

15,609
3,366
12,243
0
15,609

14,322
2,186
12,136
0
14,322

1,288
1,180
107
0
1,288

11,316
11,316
0
34,816
46,132

34,566
34,566
0
2,645
37,211

1,448
1,448
0
0
1,448

47,330
47,330
0
37,461
84,791

226
226
0
168
394

160
160
0
169
329

66
66
(0)
(1)
65

155,359
155,313
45
18,687
174,045
24,138,119
10,169,744
13,968,376
3,599,416
27,737,535

7,012
7,012
0
0
7,012
16,536,899
3,894,668
12,642,231
529,630
17,066,528

151
151
0
0
151
10,597,308
2,111,900
8,485,408
2,938
10,600,247

162,521
162,476
45
18,687
181,208
51,272,326
16,176,312
35,096,014
4,131,984
55,404,310

2,339
2,336
3
31
2,370
289,497
250,436
39,060
2,640
292,137

2,355
2,313
42
24
2,379
275,319
237,362
37,958
2,766
278,085

(16)
23
(39)
7
(9)
14,177
13,075
1,103
(126)
14,052

−

−

−

−

27,392

−

−

171

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Credit Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Notional amount maturity distribution

in € m.

Interest rate related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Interest rate related
Currency related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Currency related
Equity/index related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Equity/index related
Credit derivatives related
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Credit derivatives related
Commodity related:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Commodity related
Other:
OTC
Bilateral (Amt)
CCP (Amt)
Exchange-traded
Total Other
Total OTC business
Total bilateral business
Total CCP business
Total exchange-traded business
Total
Positive market values after netting
and cash collateral received

Within 1 year

> 1 and
≤ 5 years

After 5 years

Total

Positive
market
value

Negative
market
value

Net
market
value

17,224,862
2,037,922
15,186,940
1,916,294
19,141,156

13,754,903
2,251,346
11,503,557
403,196
14,158,099

9,568,113
1,446,299
8,121,813
47
9,568,160

40,547,878
5,735,567
34,812,311
2,319,537
42,867,415

124,837
103,140
21,696
418
125,255

112,997
92,035
20,961
493
113,490

11,840
11,105
735
(75)
11,764

6,609,578
6,443,644
165,933
11,265
6,620,842

1,055,879
1,046,148
9,730
0
1,055,879

427,832
427,719
113
0
427,832

8,093,289
7,917,512
175,777
11,265
8,104,553

108,652
107,415
1,237
1
108,653

105,818
104,614
1,204
17
105,835

2,834
2,801
33
(16)
2,818

17,014
17,014
0
164,955
181,970

7,937
7,937
0
25,648
33,586

647
647
0
1,523
2,170

25,599
25,599
0
192,126
217,726

1,209
1,209
0
2,391
3,600

2,574
2,574
0
2,103
4,677

(1,365)
(1,365)
0
288
(1,077)

200,396
72,835
127,561
0
200,396

855,230
94,804
760,426
0
855,230

71,584
33,716
37,868
0
71,584

1,127,210
201,355
925,854
0
1,127,210

13,895
3,142
10,754
0
13,895

13,379
2,715
10,664
0
13,379

517
427
90
0
517

7,150
7,150
0
25,369
32,519

31,576
31,576
0
1,347
32,923

2,037
2,037
0
0
2,037

40,764
40,764
0
26,716
67,479

203
203
0
141
344

140
139
1
139
279

63
64
(1)
2
65

57,766
57,750
15
11,008
68,774
24,116,765
8,636,315
15,480,450
2,128,891
26,245,656

3,924
3,924
0
21
3,945
15,709,449
3,435,736
12,273,713
430,212
16,139,661

102
102
0
0
102
10,070,316
1,910,521
8,159,794
1,570
10,071,885

61,791
61,776
15
11,029
72,820
49,896,530
13,982,573
35,913,958
2,560,673
52,457,203

971
956
15
27
998
249,766
216,064
33,702
2,979
252,745

819
819
0
33
852
235,726
202,895
32,830
2,786
238,511

152
137
15
(6)
146
14,041
13,169
872
193
14,234

−

−

−

−

23,312

−

−

Equity Exposure
The table below presents the carrying values of equity investments split by trading and non-trading for the respective
reporting dates. Deutsche Bank manages its respective positions within market risk and other appropriate risk frameworks.
Composition of Equity Exposure
in € m.

Trading Equities
Non-trading Equities¹
Total Equity Exposure
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

2,753
2,052
4,806

1,984
2,008
3,992

Includes equity investment funds amounting to € 70 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 113 million as of December 31, 2023

As of December 31, 2024, the group’s trading equities exposure in Investment Bank was € 2.4 billion compared to
€ 1.7 billion on December 31, 2023, The movement is mainly driven by new deals in FIC financing business.

172

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Trading Market Risk Exposures

Trading Market Risk Exposures
Value-at-Risk Metrics of Trading Units of Deutsche Bank Group
The tables and graph below present the Historic Simulation value-at-risk metrics calculated with a 99% confidence level
and a one-day holding period for the Group’s trading units.
Value-at-Risk of Trading Units by Risk Type¹
Total

Diversification
effect

Interest rate
risk

Credit spread
risk

Foreign
exchange
risk²

Equity price
risk

Commodity price
risk

in € m.

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

Average
Maximum
Minimum
Period-end

31.4
60.6
19.0
24.9

40.7
74.3
23.2
39.0

(41.2)
(27.2)
(56.2)
(48.3)

(46.3)
(21.2)
(64.9)
(31.9)

26.9
55.1
13.4
31.3

27.5
40.1
15.7
20.3

22.9
35.5
17.6
19.5

38.6
68.4
21.9
28.4

10.2
15.6
6.2
10.8

7.8
14.9
4.5
11.0

11.6
19.0
6.3
10.1

12.1
17.4
8.2
10.9

1.0
1.8
0.3
1.5

0.9
2.8
0.2
0.3

11/24

12/24

1
2

Figures for 2024 as of December 31, 2024. Figures for 2023 as of December 31, 2023
Includes value-at-risk from gold and other precious metal positions

Development of historic simulation value-at-risk by risk types in 2024

01/24

02/24

03/24

04/24

05/24

06/24

07/24

08/24

09/24

10/24

90
80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10

0
in € m.
VaR Interest rate risk
VaR Credit spread risk
VaR Equity risk
VaR Foreign exchange including precious metals
VaR Commodity risk
VaR Total

The average 1d trading value-at-risk over 2024 was € 31 million, which decreased by € 9.2 million (-23%) compared to the
average for 2023; this was primarily driven by roll-off of high market volatility period of H1 2023 from the historical VaR
observation period and reduction in risk levels under Fixed Income and Currencies Trading business.

173

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Trading Market Risk Exposures

For regulatory reporting purposes, the incremental risk charge for the respective reporting dates represents the higher of
the spot value at the reporting dates, and their preceding 12-week average calculation.
Average, Maximum and Minimum Incremental Risk Charge of Trading Units (with a 99.9% confidence level and one-year capital
horizon)1,2,3
Total

Credit Trading

Global Rates

Emerging Markets

Other

in € m.

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

Average
Maximum
Minimum
Period-end

604.9
755.5
501.5
501.5

563.3
904.6
330.3
570.3

191.8
247.3
95.3
176.5

(15.0)
121.4
(130.9)
90.8

210.1
375.7
125.4
125.4

363.4
892.5
198.7
198.7

205.9
350.1
142.9
229.5

228.1
349.9
122.4
284.5

(2.9)
49.5
(54.2)
(29.9)

(13.2)
32.0
(80.6)
(3.6)

1
2
3

Amounts show the bands within which the values fluctuated during the 12-weeks preceding December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
Business line breakdowns have been updated for 2024 reporting to better reflect the current business structure
All liquidity horizons are set to 12 months

The incremental risk charge as at the end of 2024 was € 501 million, which has reduced by € 69 million (-12%) compared
to year-end 2023. The change was driven by risk reduction under Global Rates and Emerging Markets business.

Results of Regulatory Backtesting of Trading Market Risk
In 2024, the Group observed two outliers where the Group’s loss on a buy-and-hold basis exceeded the value-at-risk of
the Trading books. The outliers in August 2024 and October 2024 were driven by increased market volatility stemming
from macroeconomic data releases and central bank actions on interest rate policy.
The following graph shows the trading units daily buy-and-hold and Actual income in comparison to the value-at-risk as
of the close of the previous business day for the trading days of the reporting period. The value-at-risk is presented in
negative amounts to visually compare the estimated potential loss of the trading positions with the buy and hold income
given buy-and-hold is the relevant portion of daily profit and loss for comparison against the previous day's value at risk
which excludes new trades, reserves, and any carry profit and loss ordinarily part of actual income. Figures are shown
in millions of euro. The chart shows that the trading units achieved a positive buy and hold income for 49% of the trading
days in 2024 as well as displays the group outliers experienced in 2024.
EU MR4 – Comparison of VAR estimates with gains/losses

01/24

02/24

03/24

04/24

05/24

06/24

07/24

08/24

09/24

10/24

11/24

12/24

150
125
100
75
50
25
0
-25
-50
-75
-100
-125
-150
in € m.
Buy-and-hold income of Trading Units
Actual income of Trading units
Value-at-Risk

174

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Trading Market Risk Exposures

Daily Income of Deutsche Bank Group Trading Units
The following histogram shows the distribution of daily income of Group trading units. Daily income is defined as total
income which consists of new trades, fees & commissions, buy & hold income, reserves, carry and other income. It displays
the number of trading days on which the Group reached each level of trading income shown on the horizontal axis
in millions of euro.
Distribution of daily income of Group’s trading units in 2024

Days

60

50

40

30

20

10

over 100

90 to 95

95 to 100

80 to 85

85 to 90

75 to 80

65 to 70

70 to 75

55 to 60

60 to 65

50 to 55

40 to 45

45 to 50

30 to 35

35 to 40

25 to 30

15 to 20

20 to 25

5 to 10

10 to 15

0 to 5

(5) to 0

(10) to (5)

(20) to (15)

(15) to (10)

(30) to (25)

(25) to (20)

(35) to (30)

(45) to (40)

(40) to (35)

Below (50)

(50) to (45)

in € m.

0

The trading units achieved a positive income for 95% of the trading days in 2024 compared with 93% in the full year 2023.

175

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Non-trading Market Risk Exposures

Non-trading Market Risk Exposures
Economic Capital Usage for Non-trading Market Risk
The following table shows the Non-trading Market Risk economic capital usage by risk type:
Economic Capital Usage by risk type.
Economic capital usage
in € m.

Interest rate risk
Credit spread risk
Equity and Investment risk
Foreign exchange risk
Pension risk
Guaranteed funds risk
Total non-trading market risk portfolios

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

2,770
184
1,172
1,665
944
100
6,835

2,980
60
1,044
1,273
1,106
59
6,523

The economic capital figures do take into account diversification benefits between the different risk types.
Economic Capital Usage for Non-trading Market Risk totaled € 6.8 billion as of December 31, 2024, which is € 0.3 billion
above the economic capital usage at year-end 2023. The increase in economic capital was predominantly driven by higher
structural positions taken to protect the bank’s capital ratio against changes in exchange rates, partially offset by the
reduction in exposures to interest rate risks.
– Interest rate risk; economic capital charge for interest rate risk in the banking book, including gap risk, basis risk and
option risk, such as the risk of a change in client behavior embedded in modelled non-maturity deposits or prepayment
risk; in total the economic capital usage for December 31, 2024 was € 2.8 billion, compared to € 3.0 billion for
December 31, 2023
– Credit spread risk; economic capital charge for portfolios in the banking book subject to credit spread risk; economic
capital usage was € 184 million as of December 31, 2024, versus € 60 million as of December 31, 2023
– Equity and Investment risk; economic capital charge for equity risk from a structural short position in the bank’s own
share price arising from the Group’s equity compensation plans, and from the non-consolidated investment holdings,
such as strategic investments and alternative assets the economic capital usage was € 1.2 billion as of December 31,
2024, compared to € 1.0 billion as of December 31, 2023
– Foreign exchange risk; foreign exchange risk predominantly arises from the Group’s structural position taken to protect
the sensitivity of the bank’s capital ratio against changes in the exchange rates. The economic capital usage was
€ 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2024, versus € 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2023
– Pension risk; this risk arises from the Group’s defined benefit obligations, including interest rate risk and inflation risk,
credit spread risk, equity risk and longevity risk. The economic capital usage was € 0.9 billion as of December 31, 2024,
compared to € 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2023
– Guaranteed funds risk; risk arising from guaranteed fund products offered by our asset management division offering a
partial or full guarantee on the clients’ investment. The risk materializes if the value of the underlying investment fund
on guarantee date is lower than the guaranteed amount. The economic capital usage was € 100 million as of December
31, 2024, versus € 59 million as of December 31, 2023.

Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book
The following table shows the impact on the Group’s net interest income in the banking book as well as the change of the
economic value for the banking book positions from interest rate changes under the six standard scenarios defined by the
EBA:

176

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Non-trading Market Risk Exposures

Economic value and net interest income interest rate risk in the banking book by EBA scenario
Delta EVE
in € bn.

Parallel up
Parallel down
Steepener
Flattener
Short rates up
Short rates down
Maximum
in € bn.

Tier 1 Capital
1

Delta NII¹

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

(5.8)
1.3
(0.8)
(0.7)
(2.1)
0.6
(5.8)

(5.1)
1.8
(0.8)
(0.3)
(1.6)
0.8
(5.1)

0.2
(0.7)
(0.1)
(0.0)
0.0
(0.6)
(0.7)

0.3
(0.3)
0.1
(0.1)
(0.0)
(0.1)
(0.3)

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

60.8

56.4

Delta Net Interest Income (NII) reflects the difference between projected NII in the respective scenario with shifted rates vs. market implied rates. Sensitivities are based
on a static balance sheet at constant exchange rates, excluding trading positions and DWS. Figures do not include Mark-to-Market (MtM)/Other Comprehensive Income
(OCI) effects on centrally managed positions not eligible for hedge accounting

The maximum economic value of equity loss was € (5.8) billion as of December 2024, compared to € (5.1) billion as of
December 2023. As per December 2024 the maximum EVE loss represents 9.6% of Tier 1 Capital.
The maximum economic value of equity (EVE) loss due to a +200 basis points parallel shift of the yield curve across all
currencies as defined by the BaFin was € (5.8) billion as of December 2024, representing 8.4% of Total Capital.
The change in economic value of equity loss for the “Parallel up” interest rate scenario was driven by model changes and
by additional risk positions to stabilize and protect net interest income as well as rebalancing activities related to the
interest rate risk positions within the Bank’s Treasury portfolio.
The maximum one-year loss in net interest income for the “Parallel down” interest rate scenario was € (0.7) billion as of
December 2024, compared to € (0.3) billion as of December 2023.
The increase in the maximum net interest income loss in the “Parallel down” scenario was mainly driven by additional
downside risk arising from the behavioral model assumptions applied to Deutsche Bank’s Private Bank and Corporate Bank
deposits, changes in the interest rate environment as well as a result of Deutsche Bank’s net interest income risk hedge
strategy.
The following table shows the variation of the economic value for Deutsche Bank’s banking book positions resulting from
downward and upward interest rate shocks by currency:
Economic value interest rate risk in the banking book by currency
Dec 31, 2024
in € bn.

Parallel up

Parallel down

EUR
USD
Other
Total

(5.1)
(0.7)
(0.0)
(5.8)

1.2
0.4
(0.3)
1.3

177

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Operational risk exposure

Operational risk exposure
Operational risk – risk profile
Operational risk losses by event type (profit and loss view)2
in € m.

2024

2023¹

Clients, Products and Business Practices
Execution, Delivery and Process Management
External Fraud
Others
Natural Disasters and Public Safety
Internal Fraud
Group

1,909
163
52
22
18
18
2,182

676
127
106
55
11
(332)
644

1
2

Prior year losses have been revised to account for subsequent capture of losses and reclassification
Losses are reported after offsetting insurance

As of December 31, 2024, operational risk losses increased year-on-year from € 644 million to € 2.2 billion. This was driven
by an increase in litigation expenses of € 2.0 billion mainly due to provision for the Postbank takeover litigation matter, as
well as the reversal of RusChemAlliance indemnification asset and the Polish FX mortgage provision, and is not deemed to
be representative of a deterioration in the control environment. Non-legal losses decreased year-on-year from € 214
million in 2023 to € 175 million in 2024.
Operational risk losses by event type1

The diagram “Distribution of Operational Risk Losses” summarizes the value of net operational risk loss postings by event
type in 2024, against the average for the comparative five-year period 2019-2023. The event type “Clients, Products and
Business Practices” forms the most significant portion of operational losses with a share of 88% largely made up of
provisions from legacy litigation cases due to settlements reached and increased litigation reserves for unsettled cases.
The diagram “Frequency of Operational Losses” summarizes the operational risk events by event type (based on a count of
events where losses were first recognized in 2024), related to the average for the comparative five-year period 2019-2023.
“External Fraud” remains the highest frequency event type at 66% with notable reduction versus the five-year average,
leading to increase in share of events in other categories.

Prior year losses have been revised to account for subsequent capture of losses and reclassification
Distribution of operational risk losses is based on posting date
Frequency of operational risk losses is based on first posting date
4
The bank seeks to ensure the comprehensive capture of all operational risk loss events with a net operational risk loss impact of € 10,000 or greater, the totals shown in
this section may be underestimated due to delayed detection and recording of loss events
1
2
3

178

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Liquidity Risk Exposure
Funding Markets and Capital Markets Issuance
Multiple macro topics emerged during 2024 and weighed on markets, including CRE-related worries in February, political
turmoil in France in June, an unexpected rate hike of the Bank of Japan end of July as well as weak economic data out of
the U.S. in August put investors into a risk-off mood. Despite creating a dent, those events were not material enough to
outweigh risk-on mood. Against this backdrop, the Bank navigated well through the markets and successfully concluded
its issuance activity at 18 billion euros, in line with guidance of ending the year at the upper end of a 13 to 18 billion euro
range.
In contrast to market fears, credit markets showed a constructive performance despite the multiple disruptions with
broader indices trading tighter vs. year end 2023. Following rating upgrades in 2023, the bank’s spreads rallied in the first
half of 2024 while trading roughly flat in the second half. Otherwise, no idiosyncratic anomalies, which led to wider levels.
The bank’s CDS and EUR spreads performed well this year, the bank’s USD spreads exhibited an even better performance.
The total issuance volume of € 18.0 is split as follows: € 3.0 billion in capital issuances, € 6.9 billion of senior non-preferred
funding, € 8.1 billion in senior preferred. From a currency perspective, the total issuance volume is divided as follows: Euros
(€ 9.6 billion), U.S. dollars (€ 6.2 billion), Japanese Yen (€ 0.6 billion) and other currencies aggregated (€ 1.6 billion). The
Group’s investor base for 2024 issuances was as follows: asset managers and pension funds (62%), banks (11%), retail
customers (8%), insurance companies (7%), other institutional investors (7%), Governments and agencies (2%) and Other
(3%). The geographical distribution was split between Germany (16%), rest of Europe (44%), U.S. (23%), Asia/Pacific (14%)
and Other (3%). The average spread of issuance over 3-months-Euribor/RFR (Risk Free Rate) was 110bp for the full year.
The average tenor was 5.6 years. The Group issued the following volumes over each quarter: Q1: € 5.1 billion, Q2:
€ 5.6 billion, Q3: € 5.6 billion and Q4: € 1.7 billion.
Deutsche Bank’s issuance plan for 2025 is € 15-20 billion, broadly in line with last year’s plan. Focus will be on senior nonpreferred bonds and capital instruments. Senior preferred issuances will be primarily in non-benchmark format. The Group
also plans to raise a portion of this funding in U.S. dollar and may enter into cross currency swaps to manage any residual
requirements. The Bank has total capital markets maturities, excluding legally exercisable calls, of approximately
€ 12 billion. Furthermore, the Bank issued structured notes with a volume of around € 10 billion in 2024 and plans to issue
~ € 9 billion in 2025. This activity is conducted by the FIC division and not part of the Treasury issuance plan.

Funding Diversification
In 2024, total external funding increased by € 50.6 billion from € 970.3 billion at December 31, 2023, to € 1,020.9 billion
at December 31, 2024. Funding from the Corporate Bank has increased by € 23.3 billion, most pronounced in sight
deposits. In the Private Bank, growth of € 12.6 billion was primarily driven by term deposits. The unsecured Wholesale
Funding portfolio increased by € 6.5 billion, thereof € 3.6 billion from Investment Bank deposits. In addition, Capital
Markets and Equity increased by € 16.8 billion driven by an increase of € 1.6 billion in Equity and € 15.2 billion in long-term
Debt Issuances. Secured funding and shorts have decreased by € 18.3 billion, driven by € 15.0 billion prepayments of
TLTRO (Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations) and € 3.3 billion reductions in repurchase operations. Additional
growth in the Other Customers bucket of € 9.9 billion was mainly driven by increase in Long-Term Debt due to growth
from the ETF structures.

179

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Composition of External Funding Sources

in € bn.
350
308

320

315

292

300
250
203
200

186

150

133
115

100
50
17

27

33 40
1

0

0

19% 20%

32% 31%

30% 31%

2% 3%

3% 4%

14% 11%

0% 0%

Capital Markets
and Equity

Private Bank

Corporate
Bank

Other
Customers¹

Unsecured
Wholesale

Secured Funding
and Shorts

Financing
Vehicles

December 31, 2023: total € 970.3 billion
December 31, 2024: total € 1020.9 billion
Other Customers includes fiduciary deposits, X-markets notes and margin/Prime Brokerage cash balances (shown on a net basis)
Reference: Reconciliation to total balance sheet of € 1,387.2 billion (€ 1,312.3 billion): Derivatives & settlement balances € 288.8 billion (€ 266.5 billion), add-back for
netting effect for margin/Prime Brokerage cash balances (shown on a net basis) € 42.2 billion (€ 40.2 billion), other non-funding liabilities € 35.3 billion (€ 35.4 billion) for
December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively
1

Maturity of unsecured wholesale funding, ABCP and capital markets issuance1
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Deposits from banks
Deposits from other
wholesale customers
CDs and CP
ABCP
Senior non-preferred
plain vanilla
Senior preferred
plain vanilla
Senior structured
Covered bonds/ABS
Subordinated liabilities
Other
Total
Of which:
Secured
Unsecured

Not more
than
1 month

Over
1 month
but not
more than
3 months

Over
3 months
but not
more than
6 months

Over
6 months
but not
more than
1 year

Sub-total
less than
1 year

Over
1 year
but not
more than
2 years

Over
2 years

829

697

1,294

Total

1,277

4,098

56

0

4,153

3,106
1,107
0

7,919
3,623
0

4,698
2,647
0

5,396
3,688
0

21,119
11,064
0

2,231
10
0

1,013
117
0

24,363
11,190
0

239

1,467

1,788

5,190

8,685

12,054

33,279

54,018

171
239
765
0
49
6,505

360
793
343
1,264
0
16,468

1,681
1,029
225
3,945
0
17,307

1,712
1,381
757
1,190
0
20,591

3,923
3,442
2,091
6,399
49
60,870

4,442
2,187
3,301
4,239
0
28,519

7,930
20,094
10,163
12,991
7
85,593

16,294
25,723
15,554
23,630
57
174,982

765
5,740

343
16,124

225
17,081

757
19,834

2,091
58,779

3,301
25,218

10,163
75,430

15,554
159,428

Includes additional Tier 1 notes reported as additional equity components in the financial statements. Liabilities with call features are shown at earliest legally exercisable
call date. No assumption is made as to whether such calls would be exercised
Capital market issuances volume reported post own debt elimination
1

The total volume of unsecured wholesale liabilities, asset-backed commercial papers (ABCP) and capital markets issuance
maturing within one year amount to € 61 billion as of December 31, 2024, and should be viewed in the context of total
High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) of € 226 billion.

180

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Deposits from banks
Deposits from other
wholesale customers
CDs and CP
ABCP
Senior non-preferred
plain vanilla
Senior preferred
plain vanilla
Senior structured
Covered bonds/ABS
Subordinated liabilities
Other
Total
Of which:
Secured
Unsecured

Not more
than
1 month

Over
1 month
but not
more than
3 months

Over
3 months
but not
more than
6 months

Over
6 months
but not
more than
1 year

Sub-total
less than
1 year

Over
1 year
but not
more than
2 years

Over
2 years

1,942

1,419

692

Total

402

4,455

558

103

5,117

9,838
1,085
0

4,740
2,143
0

3,475
2,041
0

1,984
1,623
0

20,038
6,891
0

422
84
0

633
0
0

21,093
6,976
0

91

1,173

2,852

4,146

8,261

7,700

36,328

52,289

198
121
21
10
0
13,306

442
458
2,065
15
0
12,454

1,293
748
235
291
0
11,627

718
1,275
750
94
0
10,992

2,650
2,603
3,070
410
0
48,380

3,494
2,919
1,867
5,887
0
22,931

5,325
12,401
13,063
14,039
0
81,892

11,470
17,923
18,000
20,336
0
153,204

21
13,285

2,065
10,389

235
11,392

750
10,242

3,070
45,309

1,867
21,065

13,063
68,829

18,000
135,203

The following table shows the currency breakdown of short-term unsecured wholesale funding, of ABCP funding and of
capital markets issuance.
Unsecured wholesale funding, ABCP and capital markets issuance (currency breakdown)
Dec 31,2024
in € m.

Deposits from
banks
Deposits from
other wholesale customers
CDs and CP
ABCP
Senior non-preferred
plain vanilla
Senior preferred
plain vanilla
Senior structured
Covered bonds/
ABS
Subordinated
liabilities
Other
Total
Of which:
Secured
Unsecured

Dec 31,2023

in EUR

in USD

in GBP

in other
CCYs

629

2,583

40

902

4,153

666

2,409

108

1,934

5,117

7,722
3,695
0

13,836
7,230
0

264
0
0

2,542
266
0

24,363
11,190
0

8,857
3,776
0

9,128
2,816
0

248
0
0

2,860
383
0

21,093
6,976
0

23,485

24,503

2,167

3,862

54,018

22,309

23,199

3,611

3,171

52,289

8,919
10,704

5,390
12,250

15
50

1,970
2,719

16,294
25,723

6,445
8,278

4,424
7,502

8
43

593
2,100

11,470
17,923

14,822

732

0

0

15,554

17,710

290

0

0

18,000

12,553
8
82,536

9,938
0
76,461

952
0
3,489

187
49
12,495

23,630
57
174,982

9,845
0
77,886

9,380
0
59,148

932
0
4,949

179
0
11,220

20,336
0
153,204

14,822
67,714

732
75,729

0
3,489

0
12,495

15,554
159,428

17,710
60,176

290
58,858

0
4,949

0
11,220

18,000
135,203

Total

in EUR

in USD

in GBP

in other
CCYs

Total

181

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

High quality liquid assets
Composition of Group’s HQLA by parent company (including branches) and subsidiaries
in € bn.

Available-Cash and Central Bank Reserves
Parent (incl. foreign branches)
Subsidiaries
High Quality liquid securities (includes government, government guaranteed
and agency securities
Parent (incl. foreign branches)
Subsidiaries
Total HQLA
Parent (incl. foreign branches)
Subsidiaries

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Market Value

Value according
to Article 9 CRR

Market Value

Value according
to Article 9 CRR

124
97
26

124
97
26

156
133
23

156
133
23

106
98
8
230
195
34

102
94
8
226
191
34

66
54
12
222
187
35

63
51
12
219
184
35

As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s HQLA increased to € 226 billion compared to December 31, 2023, at € 219 billion.
This is primarily due increased deposits and issuance of long-term debt largely offset by TLTRO repayment and increased
business held assets.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio was 131% at the end of 2024, a surplus to regulatory requirements of € 53 billion as compared
to 140% as at the end of 2023, a surplus to regulatory requirements of € 62 billion. Significant deposit growth and new
issuance activity were more than offset by increased business assets, TLTRO repayment and increased modelled outflows
under commitments and guarantees.
The Group’s twelve month weighted average LCR was 134%. This has been calculated in accordance with the Commission
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and the EBA Guidelines on LCR disclosure to complement the disclosure of liquidity
risk management under Article 435 CRR.
LCR components

in € bn. (unless stated otherwise)

Number of data points used in the calculation of averages
High Quality Liquid Assets
Total net cash outflows
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) in %

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Total adjusted
weighted value
(average)

Total adjusted
weighted value
(average)

12
224
167
134%

12
215
157
137%

Funding Risk Management
Structural Funding
All funding matrices (the aggregate currency, the USD and the GBP funding matrix) were in line with the targets as of year
ends 2024 and 2023.

182

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Stress Testing and Scenario Analysis
At the end of 2024, the Group’s stressed Net Liquidity Position stood at € 56 billion compared to € 58 billion as at the end
of 2023 with the change in scenario of minimum surplus liquidity reflecting the introduction of a 12-month risk appetite
horizon under the Systemic Market Risk scenario.
Global All Currency Daily Stress Testing Results
Dec 31, 2024
in € bn.

Systemic market risk
1 notch downgrade (DB specific)
Severe downgrade (DB specific)
Combined³
1
2
3

Dec 31, 2023

Funding
Gap¹

Gap
Closure²

Net Liquidity
Position

Funding
Gap1

Gap
Closure2

Net Liquidity
Position

208
34
142
216

265
174
241
275

56
140
99
59

123
38
161
203

242
180
259
261

119
142
97
58

Funding gap caused by impaired rollover of liabilities and other projected outflows
Based on liquidity generation through Liquidity Reserves and other business mitigants
Combined impact of systemic market risk and severe downgrade

Global EUR Daily Stress Testing Results
Dec 31, 2024
in € bn.

Dec 31, 2023

Funding
Gap¹

Gap
Closure²

Net Liquidity
Position

Funding
Gap1

Gap
Closure2

Net Liquidity
Position

91

104

13

90

116

25

Combined³

Funding gap caused by impaired rollover of liabilities and other projected outflows
Based on liquidity generation through Liquidity Reserves and other business mitigants
3
Combined impact of systemic market risk and severe downgrade
1
2

Global USD Daily Stress Testing Results
Dec 31, 2024
in € bn.

Dec 31, 2023

Funding
Gap¹

Gap
Closure²

Net Liquidity
Position

Funding
Gap1

Gap
Closure2

Net Liquidity
Position

80

102

22

91

102

11

Funding
Gap

Gap
Closure

Net Liquidity
Position

4

5

1

Combined³

Funding gap caused by impaired rollover of liabilities and other projected outflows
2
Based on liquidity generation through Liquidity Reserves and other business mitigants
3
Combined impact of systemic market risk and severe downgrade
1

Global GBP Daily Stress Testing Results
Dec 31, 2024
in € bn.

Funding Gap¹

Gap Closure²

Net Liquidity
Position

5

10

5

Combined³

Dec 31, 2023

Funding gap caused by impaired rollover of liabilities and other projected outflows
2
Based on liquidity generation through Liquidity Reserves and other business mitigants
3
Combined impact of systemic market risk and severe downgrade
1

The following table presents the amount needed to meet collateral requirements from contractual obligations in the event
of a one- or two-notch downgrade by rating agencies for all currencies.
Contractual Obligations
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Contractual derivatives funding or margin requirements
Other contractual funding or margin requirements

Dec 31, 2023

One-notch
downgrade

Two-notch
downgrade

One-notch
downgrade

Two-notch
downgrade

182
0

309
0

402
0

526
0

Net stable funding ratio
The Net Stable Funding Ratio was 121% as at year end 2024, a surplus to regulatory requirements of € 110 billion as
compared to 121% as at the end of 2023, a surplus to regulatory requirements of € 107 billion.

in € bn. (unless stated otherwise)

Available stable funding (ASF)
Required stable funding (RSF)
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) in %

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Total adjusted
weighted value

Total adjusted
weighted value
(average)

625
515
121%

605
499
121%

183

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Asset Encumbrance
This section refers to asset encumbrance in the Group of institutions consolidated for banking regulatory purposes
pursuant to the German Banking Act. Therefore, this excludes insurance companies or companies outside the finance
sector. Assets pledged by insurance subsidiaries are included in Note 20 “Assets Pledged and Received as Collateral” of
the consolidated financial statements, and restricted assets held to satisfy obligations to insurance companies’ policy
holders are included within Note 37 “Information on Subsidiaries” of the consolidated financial statements.
Encumbered assets primarily comprise those on- and off-balance sheet assets that are pledged as collateral against
secured funding, collateral swaps, and other collateralized obligations. Additionally, in line with EBA technical standards
on regulatory asset encumbrance reporting, assets placed with settlement systems, including default funds and initial
margins, as well as other assets pledged which cannot be freely withdrawn such as mandatory minimum reserves at central
banks, are considered encumbered. The balances presented also include derivative margin receivable assets as
encumbered under relevant EBA guidelines.
Readily available assets are those on- and off-balance sheet assets that are not otherwise encumbered, and which are in
freely transferrable form. Unencumbered financial assets at fair value, other than securities borrowed or purchased under
resale agreements and positive market value from derivatives, and available for sale investments are all assumed to be
readily available.
The readily available value represents the on- and off-balance sheet carrying amount or fair value rather than any form of
stressed liquidity value (see the “High Quality Liquid Assets” for an analysis of unencumbered liquid assets available under
a liquidity stress scenario). Other unencumbered on- and off-balance sheet assets are those assets that have not been
pledged as collateral against secured funding or other collateralized obligations or are otherwise not considered to be
readily available. Included in this category are securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements and positive
market value from derivatives. Similarly, for loans and other advances to customers, these would only be viewed as readily
available to the extent they are already in a pre-packaged transferrable format and have not already been used to generate
funding. This represents the most conservative view given that an element of such loans currently shown in other assets
could be packaged into a format that would be suitable for use to generate funding.
Encumbered and unencumbered assets
Dec 31, 2024
Carrying value
Unencumbered assets
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Debt securities
Equity instruments
Other assets:
Cash and due from banks & Interest earning deposits with Banks
Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements¹
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss²
Trading assets
Positive market value from derivative financial instruments
Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements¹
Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income²
Loans
Other assets
Total
1

2

Assets

Encumbered
assets

Readily
available

Other

179
4

80
0

99
4

0
0

154
41

14
0

139
0

0
41

12
292
105
3
8
517
75
1,389

0
0
0
0
0
48
40
183

12
0
0
3
5
41
0
303

0
292
105
0
3
427
35
903

Securities borrowed and securities purchased under resale agreements are all shown as other unencumbered. The use of the underlying collateral is separately captured
in the off-balance sheet table below
Excludes Debt securities and Equity instruments (separately disclosed above)
Dec 31, 2024
Fair value of collateral received
Unencumbered assets

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Collateral received:
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Other collateral received

Assets

Encumbered
assets

Readily
available

Other

479
473
1
6

366
363
1
2

110
110
0
0

3
0
0
3

184

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023
Carrying value
Unencumbered assets
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Debt securities
Equity instruments
Other assets:
Cash and due from banks & Interest earning deposits with Banks
Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements¹
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss²
Trading assets
Positive market value from derivative financial instruments
Securities borrowed or purchased under resale agreements¹
Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income²
Loans
Other assets
Total
1

2

Assets

Encumbered
assets

Readily
available

Other

167
3

84
0

83
3

0
0

184
15

12
0

172
0

0
15

9
252
79
1
7
528
69
1,314

0
0
0
0
0
57
36
189

9
0
0
1
5
14
0
287

0
252
79
0
2
457
34
838

Securities borrowed and securities purchased under resale agreements are all shown as other unencumbered. The use of the underlying collateral is separately captured
in the off-balance sheet table below
Excludes Debt securities and Equity instruments (separately disclosed above)
Dec 31, 2023
Fair value of collateral received
Unencumbered assets

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Collateral received:
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Other collateral received

Assets

Encumbered
assets

Readily
available

Other

379
370
1
8

325
321
1
3

49
48
0
0

6
0
0
6

Maturity Analysis of Assets and Financial Liabilities
Treasury manages the maturity analysis of assets and liabilities. Modeling of assets and liabilities is necessary in cases
where the contractual maturity does not adequately reflect the liquidity risk position. The most significant example in this
context would be immediately repayable deposits from retail and transaction banking customers which have consistently
displayed high stability throughout even the most severe financial crises.
The modeling profiles are part of the overall liquidity risk management framework (see section “Liquidity Stress Testing
and Scenario Analysis” for short-term liquidity positions ≤ 1 year and section “Structural Funding” for long-term liquidity
positions > 1 year) which is defined and approved by the Management Board.
The following tables present a maturity analysis of total assets based on carrying value and upon earliest legally exercisable
maturity as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

185

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Analysis of the earliest contractual maturity of assets
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Cash and central bank
balances¹
Interbank balances
(w/o central banks)¹
Central bank funds sold
Securities purchased under
resale agreements
With banks
With customers
Securities borrowed
With banks
With customers
Financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
Trading assets
Fixed-income securities
and loans
Equities and other
variableincome securities
Other trading assets
Positive market values from
derivative financial
instruments
Non-trading financial assets
mandatory at fair value
through profit or loss
Securities purchased
under
resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Fixed-income securities
and loans
Other non-trading
financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets designated
at fair value through profit
or loss
Positive market values from
derivative financial
instruments
qualifying for hedge
accounting
Financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive
income
Securities purchased under
resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Debt securities
Loans
Other
Loans
To banks
To customers
Retail
Corporates and other
customers
Other financial assets
Total financial assets
Other assets
Total assets
1

On
demand
(incl.
Overnight
and
one day
notice)

Up to
one
month

Over
1 month
to no
more
than
3 months

Over
3 months
but no
more
than
6 months

Over
6 months
but no
more
than
9 months

Over
9 months
but no
more
than
1 year

Over
1 year
but no
more
than
2 years

Over
2 years
but no
more
than
5 years

Over
5 years

Total

133,755

10,423

3,118

131

20

46

0

0

0

147,494

4,590
0

1,238
0

156
0

85
0

49
0

37
0

0
0

0
0

6
0

6,160
0

640
597
43
0
0
0

3,564
468
3,096
32
0
32

8,696
3,838
4,859
0
0
0

14,690
6,228
8,462
0
0
0

3,143
1,995
1,147
0
0
0

1,329
0
1,329
0
0
0

5,591
4,322
1,269
11
0
11

3,151
2,710
440
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0

40,803
20,158
20,645
44
0
44

448,881
137,706

71,938
0

9,475
0

3,531
0

1,783
0

3,041
2,026

2,121
0

1,603
0

3,476
40

545,849
139,772

131,418

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

131,418

2,753
3,535

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

2,026
0

0
0

0
0

40
0

4,819
3,535

291,753

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

291,754

19,422

71,938

9,475

3,531

1,783

1,015

2,121

1,603

3,436

114,324

8,109
11,200

68,159
2,070

6,241
2,620

3,022
0

1,564
0

248
0

995
22

398
0

0
0

88,736
15,913

30

445

601

480

214

107

999

1,003

2,549

6,429

82

1,264

12

29

5

660

104

202

887

3,246

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

27

83

29

22

12

91

64

55

383

0

3,735

2,896

1,703

1,601

605

4,266

7,189

20,096

42,090

0
0
0
0
0
14,095
226
13,869
2,381

1,355
0
2,004
376
0
34,800
2,085
32,715
3,837

1,275
0
1,039
582
0
23,242
1,135
22,107
2,317

0
0
1,345
358
0
23,857
987
22,870
1,965

0
0
904
696
0
16,390
346
16,045
1,185

0
0
541
65
0
13,804
725
13,079
1,159

153
0
3,440
673
0
41,424
126
41,297
5,716

0
0
5,098
2,091
0
109,587
840
108,748
23,646

3
0
19,865
227
0
201,722
1,907
199,815
154,729

2,786
0
34,236
5,068
0
478,921
8,376
470,545
196,935

11,488
59,501
661,461
9,083
670,544

28,878
8,436
134,193
247
134,440

19,791
1,191
48,857
5
48,862

20,905
1,508
45,534
4,574
50,107

14,859
512
23,519
13
23,532

11,920
1,701
20,576
4,923
25,499

35,582
1,928
55,432
267
55,699

85,101
4,848
126,442
1,248
127,690

45,086
13,121
238,476
12,328
250,804

273,610
92,745
1,354,488
32,689
1,387,177

The positions “Cash and central bank balances” and “Interbank balances (w/o central banks)” include € 379 million cash held with Russian Banks, predominantly with the
Central Bank of Russia

186

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Cash and central bank
balances¹
Interbank balances
(w/o central banks)¹
Central bank funds sold
Securities purchased under
resale agreements
With banks
With customers
Securities borrowed
With banks
With customers
Financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
Trading assets
Fixed-income securities
and loans
Equities and other
variableincome securities
Other trading assets
Positive market values from
derivative financial
instruments
Non-trading financial assets
mandatory at fair value
through profit or loss
Securities purchased
under
resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Fixed-income securities
and loans
Other non-trading
financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets designated
at fair value through profit
or loss
Positive market values from
derivative financial
instruments
qualifying for hedge
accounting
Financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive
income
Securities purchased under
resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Debt securities
Loans
Other
Loans
To banks
To customers
Retail
Corporates and other
customers
Other financial assets
Total financial assets
Other assets
Total assets
1

On
demand
(incl.
Overnight
and
one day
notice)

Up to
one
month

Over
1 month
to no
more
than
3 months

Over
3 months
but no
more
than
6 months

Over
6 months
but no
more
than
9 months

Over
9 months
but no
more
than
1 year

Over
1 year
but no
more
than
2 years

Over
2 years
but no
more
than
5 years

Over
5 years

Total

164,942

11,301

1,905

185

39

45

0

0

0

178,416

4,599
0

653
0

42
0

63
0

78
0

100
0

0
0

0
0

606
0

6,140
0

16
7
10
0
0
0

2,010
393
1,617
33
0
33

3,388
1,250
2,138
0
0
0

514
93
421
0
0
0

1,434
936
497
0
0
0

901
862
39
0
0
0

4,180
2,389
1,791
6
0
6

2,282
2,282
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0

14,725
8,212
6,513
39
0
39

390,279
123,907

51,826
0

11,152
0

3,130
0

563
0

2,655
1,353

700
0

1,287
0

3,660
16

465,252
125,275

120,731

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

120,731

1,968
1,207

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

1,353
0

0
0

0
0

16
0

3,336
1,207

251,855

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

251,856

14,517

51,826

11,152

3,130

563

1,302

626

1,287

3,643

88,047

5,331
9,159

48,697
2,001

7,987
1,859

2,242
0

299
0

550
0

161
17

669
0

0
0

65,937
13,036

12

521

1,301

861

264

136

386

580

2,373

6,434

16

607

5

27

0

616

62

38

1,270

2,640

0

0

0

0

0

0

74

0

1

75

0

337

211

104

55

38

18

79

46

889

36

3,590

1,514

1,106

666

482

2,314

8,761

17,077

35,546

0
0
0
36
0
15,107
227
14,880
2,375

1,805
0
1,476
309
0
37,104
537
36,567
5,803

0
0
980
534
0
31,048
348
30,700
4,879

0
0
771
335
0
17,534
332
17,201
1,721

0
0
475
190
0
12,418
41
12,377
1,302

0
0
336
146
0
14,272
1,535
12,736
2,170

0
0
1,548
767
0
38,335
862
37,473
4,786

0
0
6,337
2,424
0
91,628
519
91,108
16,929

0
0
16,951
126
0
216,259
801
215,459
168,184

1,805
0
28,874
4,867
0
473,705
5,202
468,502
208,148

12,505
68,187
643,167
9,124
652,291

30,763
9,243
116,096
269
116,366

25,822
3,875
53,134
1
53,135

15,480
2,729
25,365
4,169
29,534

11,075
778
16,030
2
16,032

10,567
1,445
19,936
4,185
24,121

32,688
1,136
46,691
194
46,885

74,180
4,225
108,263
2,080
110,342

47,275
15,204
252,853
10,771
263,624

260,354
106,823
1,281,535
30,796
1,312,331

The positions “Cash and central bank balances” and “Interbank balances (w/o central banks)” include € 614 million cash held with Russian Banks, predominantly with the
Central Bank of Russia

187

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

The following tables present a maturity analysis of total liabilities based on carrying value and upon earliest legally
exercisable maturity as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Analysis of the earliest contractual maturity of liabilities
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Deposits
Due to banks
Due to customers
Retail
Corporates and other
customers
Trading liabilities
Trading securities
Other trading liabilities
Negative market values from
derivative financial
instruments
Financial liabilities designed at
fair value through profit or loss
Securities sold under
repurchase agreements
Long-term debt
Other financial liabilities
designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities
Negative market values from
derivative financial
instruments
qualifying for hedge
accounting
Central bank funds purchased
Securities sold under
repurchase agreements
Due to banks
Due to customers
Securities loaned
Due to banks
Due to customers
Other short term borrowings
Long-term debt
Debt securities - senior
Debt securities - subordinated
Other long-term debt senior
Other long-term debt subordinated
Trust Preferred Securities
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities
Other liabilities
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Off-balance sheet
commitments
given
Banks
Retail
Corporates and other
customers

On
demand
(incl.
Overnight and
one day
notice)

Up to
one
month

Over
1 month
to no
more
than
3 months

Over
3 months
but no
more
than
6 months

Over
6 months
but no
more
than
9 months

Over
9 months
but no
more
than
1 year

Over
1 year
but no
more
than
2 years

Over
2 years
but no
more
than
5 years

Over
5 years

Total

373,816
53,385
320,430
135,531

64,076
1,721
62,355
16,455

93,692
10,520
83,171
44,218

69,346
11,102
58,244
34,930

21,845
6,515
15,330
8,890

18,207
1,033
17,174
6,577

9,612
1,927
7,685
1,389

5,538
2,984
2,553
491

10,130
8,731
1,399
22

666,261
97,920
568,341
248,504

184,900
319,893
41,864
1,635

45,899
0
0
0

38,953
0
0
0

23,314
0
0
0

6,440
0
0
0

10,596
0
0
0

6,296
0
0
0

2,062
0
0
0

1,377
0
0
0

319,838
319,893
41,864
1,635

276,395

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

276,395

32,343

24,338

11,059

4,417

539

304

3,310

10,009

5,713

92,032

30,294
2,023

23,772
335

10,739
228

3,254
1,043

302
136

0
235

760
2,543

0
9,947

0
5,713

69,121
22,203

26
0

232
0

91
0

120
0

101
0

69
454

6
0

62
0

0
0

708
454

0
1,227

357
0

621
0

342
0

197
0

77
0

16
0

16
0

65
0

1,690
1,227

268
88
180
2
0
2
1,345
0
0

23
2
21
0
0
0
3,380
1,474
1,315

1,017
917
101
0
0
0
2,372
4,280
2,873

175
152
23
0
0
0
1,845
5,971
4,081

0
0
0
0
0
0
227
5,079
4,764

0
0
0
0
0
0
726
3,825
3,158

715
605
111
0
0
0
0
18,543
14,957

289
158
131
0
0
0
0
42,140
36,395

25
9
16
0
0
0
0
33,587
15,067

2,513
1,929
583
2
0
2
9,895
114,899
82,611

0

0

1,248

1,635

0

0

2,000

2,436

4,307

11,626

0

159

158

254

315

667

1,545

3,289

14,190

20,578

0
0
72,776
801,670
17,494
0
819,164

0
0
526
94,174
0
0
94,174

0
0
665
113,705
0
0
113,705

0
287
881
83,264
0
0
83,264

0
0
137
28,024
0
0
28,024

0
0
256
23,849
0
0
23,849

42
0
1,988
34,185
0
0
34,185

20
0
1,360
59,352
0
0
59,352

22
0
2,508
52,028
0
79,432
131,460

85
287
81,098
1,290,251
17,494
79,432
1,387,177

42,360
1,038
13,776

11,136
1,584
455

16,635
2,164
642

22,017
2,827
134

18,465
2,766
79

29,279
2,080
1,502

45,442
3,213
279

122,123
4,697
891

35,709
6,169
2,977

343,167
26,540
20,734

27,546

9,097

13,829

19,057

15,620

25,697

41,950

116,535

26,563

295,893

188

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Risk and capital performance
Liquidity Risk Exposure

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Deposits
Due to banks
Due to customers
Retail
Corporates and other
customers
Trading liabilities
Trading securities
Other trading liabilities
Negative market values from
derivative financial
instruments
Financial liabilities designed at
fair value through profit or loss
Securities sold under
repurchase agreements
Long-term debt
Other financial liabilities
designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities
Negative market values from
derivative financial
instruments
qualifying for hedge
accounting
Central bank funds purchased
Securities sold under
repurchase agreements
Due to banks
Due to customers
Securities loaned
Due to banks
Due to customers
Other short term borrowings
Long-term debt
Debt securities - senior
Debt securities - subordinated
Other long-term debt senior
Other long-term debt subordinated
Trust Preferred Securities
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities
Other liabilities
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Off-balance sheet
commitments
given
Banks
Retail
Corporates and other
customers

On
demand
(incl.
Overnight and
one day
notice)

Up to
one
month

Over
1 month
to no
more
than
3 months

Over
3 months
but no
more
than
6 months

Over
6 months
but no
more
than
9 months

Over
9 months
but no
more
than
1 year

Over
1 year
but no
more
than
2 years

Over
2 years
but no
more
than
5 years

Over
5 years

Total

346,071
48,482
297,589
130,097

55,380
1,741
53,639
9,882

93,682
10,139
83,543
47,506

61,316
8,791
52,525
34,857

23,849
5,902
17,947
8,635

18,642
478
18,164
7,031

7,724
3,126
4,598
1,272

5,065
3,398
1,667
502

10,305
8,977
1,328
43

622,035
91,034
531,001
239,826

167,492
282,264
43,114
890

43,758
0
0
0

36,036
0
0
0

17,669
0
0
0

9,312
0
0
0

11,133
0
0
0

3,326
0
0
0

1,166
0
0
0

1,285
0
0
0

291,176
282,264
43,114
890

238,260

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

238,260

33,974

24,883

11,547

3,081

217

499

1,727

5,770

2,025

83,722

32,183
1,618

24,790
6

11,422
43

2,748
275

58
139

301
89

537
1,147

339
5,368

0
2,024

72,377
10,709

173
0

87
0

82
0

58
0

20
0

109
484

43
0

62
0

1
0

636
484

0
1,057

40
0

92
0

10
0

9
0

4
0

14
0

12
0

70
0

252
1,057

274
63
211
3
0
3
1,479
0
0

288
265
23
0
0
0
2,973
435
378

295
7
287
0
0
0
2,345
15,286
3,991

302
302
0
0
0
0
1,522
6,016
4,487

0
0
0
0
0
0
493
3,601
858

0
0
0
0
0
0
808
5,604
5,408

2
2
0
0
0
0
0
17,936
14,665

773
771
2
0
0
0
0
41,861
35,848

48
0
48
0
0
0
0
28,652
16,050

1,981
1,410
571
3
0
3
9,620
119,390
81,685

0

10

9

0

26

8

2,703

4,356

4,051

11,163

0

47

11,287

1,529

2,680

161

568

1,594

8,529

26,394

0
0
89,980
755,102
18,307
0
773,409

0
0
754
84,754
0
0
84,754

0
0
635
123,882
0
0
123,882

0
289
1,837
74,374
0
0
74,374

37
0
173
28,342
0
0
28,342

27
0
308
26,349
0
0
26,349

0
0
733
28,136
0
0
28,136

62
0
1,209
54,689
0
0
54,689

22
0
2,478
43,578
0
74,818
118,396

149
289
98,108
1,219,206
18,307
74,818
1,312,330

42,501
1,016
14,707

10,875
1,177
1,354

21,158
2,354
1,206

15,720
2,242
503

14,318
2,090
718

24,459
2,278
2,281

37,389
2,289
971

113,593
2,820
583

40,527
5,829
4,940

320,540
22,095
27,262

26,778

8,344

17,597

12,976

11,510

19,899

34,130

110,190

29,758

271,182

189

Sustainability
Statement

192

General information
192

194
201
207
214
219
238
247

253

Environmental Information

253
256

286

325

349

Basis for preparation of the
Sustainability Statement
Governance
Double materiality assessment
Sustainability strategy
Stakeholder engagement and thought
leadership
Sustainable finance
ESG due diligence
Supply chain management
Disclosures pursuant to Article 8
of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation)
Climate change

Social information

286
313

Own workforce
Client centricity

Governance information
325
330
335
338
340
345
348

Culture, integrity and conduct
Anti-financial crime
Anti-competitive behavior
Tax
Public policy and regulation
Data protection
Information security

Additional information

349
352

363

Independent auditor’s limited
assurance report on the group
sustainability statement
List of Disclosure Requirements
complied with
Table of all the datapoints deriving
from other EU legislation

Sustainability
Sustainability, which includes Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) dimensions, has
been a central part of Deutsche Bank’s strategy since 2019. It is one of the three thematic
pillars that underpin Deutsche Bank’s corporate strategy and support its vision to be the
Global Hausbank: the European Champion and first choice for its clients. The bank sees it
as its responsibility to support and, where possible, accelerate the historic transformation
towards a more sustainable society and economy. The bank has embedded sustainability
into its governance and operations as well as in its products and services.

Environmental

Social

Governance

Deutsche Bank considers it as
its responsibility to accelerate
the transition to a low-carbon
sustainable economy

Deutsche Bank places as much
importance on social considerations
such as equal opportunities,
inclusiveness and client centricity

Deutsche Bank is committed to
protecting client’s assets and data,
preventing financial crime and
adhering to fair competition rules

2050

~70%

>99%

net-zero emissions including
targets for the eight most carbon-­
intensive sectors in the corporate
loan portfolio

Culture Pulse Index Score
in 2024

completion rate of mandatory
trainings such as Anti-Financial Crime,
Code of Conduct and Speak-ups

Sustainable finance
volumes1

€ 373bn

€ 500bn

cumulative volumes
since 2020

target by 2025

UN Sustainable Development Goals

Selected ESG ratings and assessments 2024
CDP Climate
Change

ISS ESG Corporate
Rating

MSCI ESG
Ratings

S&P Global
CSA

Sustainalytics
ESG Risk Rating

B

C+

AA

67

24.8

2023: B
Scale2: A to DSector average: B

2023: C+
Scale2: A+ to DDecile-rank3: 1/10

2023: A
Scale2: AAA to CCC
Sector average4: –

2023: 54
Scale2: 100 to 0
Sector average: 28

2023: 27.9
Scale2: 0 to 100

Sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes (excluding Asset Management (DWS))
From best to worst
3
A decile rank of 1 indicates high performance relative to industry peers
4
The assessment is explicitly relative to the standards and performance of a company's industry peers, therefore there is no industry average
1

2

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement

General information
Basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement
General basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement
ESRS 2 BP-1
The Sustainability Statement of Deutsche Bank Group for the year ended December 31, 2024, which is combined with the
parent company`s Sustainability Statement, was prepared according to Section 315c (1) in conjunction with Sections 289c
to 289e of the German Commercial Code (HGB). As the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) was
not transposed into German law as of December 31, 2024, the bank applied the European Sustainability Reporting
Standards (ESRS) as reporting framework as allowed by Section 315c (3) HGB in conjunction with Section 289d HGB and,
on that basis, discloses governance, strategy, impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets for material
sustainability matters.
In addition, the Sustainability Statement complies with the disclosure obligations under Article 8 (1) and (3) of the
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) and the respective specifications in Articles 4 and 10 (5) of the
associated Disclosures delegated Act (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178).
The Sustainability Statement was prepared on a consolidated basis and the scope of consolidation is the same as for the
Group’s consolidated financial statements. The bank did not identify any subsidiaries not included in the Group’s financial
statements that require inclusion in the Sustainability Statement. Unless otherwise stated, information disclosed regarding
the Deutsche Bank Group also applies to Deutsche Bank AG . Specificities for certain consolidated subsidiaries, for example
DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, are separately highlighted where necessary. Deutsche Bank AG is the parent company of
Deutsche Bank Group and its most material component.
Management of Deutsche Bank AG is responsible for setting the sustainability strategy as well as related governance for
both Deutsche Bank AG and the Deutsche Bank Group. For further details please refer to the “Sustainability strategy” and
“Governance” sections in this Sustainability Statement. Deutsche Bank AG is based in Germany and, through foreign
branches, operates globally. For further details on the regional distribution of Deutsche Bank AG’s own workforce please
refer to chapter “Standalone parent company information (HGB)” in the Combined Management Report.
The material sustainability-related topics and their impacts, risks and opportunities in relation to the bank’s upstream, own
operations and downstream value chain as described in “Deutsche Bank Group” within the “Combined Management
Report” were determined by the outcome of the double materiality assessment as required by ESRS 1 – General
requirements. A detailed description of the materiality assessment process can be found in the chapter “Double materiality
assessment”.
The material sustainability topics in the Sustainability Statement are structured into the sections “Environmental
Information”, “Social Information” and “Governance Information”. The following overarching chapters are included in the
“General Information” as they cover environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters holistically and are subject to
various ESRS requirements: “Governance”, “Double materiality assessment”, “Sustainability strategy”, “Stakeholder
engagement and thought leadership”, “Sustainable Finance”, “ESG due diligence” and “Supply chain management”
(“upstream value chain”). “Sustainable Finance” is part of Deutsche Bank’s business model and includes by its nature
Environmental, Social and Governance elements. Given that the ESRS do not provide a topical standard for Sustainable
Finance, this topic is treated as an entity-specific topic subject to ESRS 2 disclosures. “Supply chain management” covers
all identified material topics of Deutsche Bank’s upstream value chain and thus, is subject to various ESRS requirements.
Accordingly, the chapter includes all material disclosures pertaining to the cross-cutting standard ESRS 2 and the topical
standards ESRS E1 and ESRS G1.
The bank discloses comparative information for figures reported in the previous reporting period. In those instances, in
which comparative information was aligned to presentation in the current year this is mentioned in the respective chapter.
Where the bank made use of the option to omit classified or sensitive information or matters in the course of negotiation
according to ESRS 2 – General disclosures, BP-1 5(d) and (e), this is disclosed in the relevant chapter of the Sustainability
Statement.
Policies mentioned in this report are available internally on Deutsche Bank’s internal “Policy Portal”.

192

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement

The Sustainability Statement 2024 is subject to a limited assurance engagement as disclosed in the Report of the
Independent Auditor.

Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances
ESRS 2 BP-2
Any deviation from the medium- or long-term time horizons (as defined by ESRS 1 – General requirements, Section 6.4) is
described in the concrete chapter within this Sustainability Statement in which the deviating time horizons were applied,
including the reasons for this deviation.
In those instances, in which information in the Sustainability Statement used assumptions and estimates that led to a
certain level of measurement uncertainty, for example, when measuring financed emissions in client portfolios, these are
described in detail in the relevant topic-specific chapters of this Sustainability Statement.
Any changes in the presentation of sustainability information driven by changes in estimate, corrections or restatement of
prior period’s information -where such information is provided- are explained or indicated as a footnote to the relevant
disclosure.
The Sustainability Statement complies with the ESRS disclosure requirements as listed in the ESRS content index of this
report.
In addition, the Sustainability Statement also contains disclosures stemming from other EU legislations as included in the
“Table of datapoints deriving from other EU Legislations”.
Furthermore, specific material topics for which there is no topic specific ESRS are subject to ESRS 2 “General Disclosures”.
Metrics and targets for these topics are reported according to the generally accepted sustainability reporting standards
of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) as allowed by ESRS 1 – General requirements. This finds application with respect
to the following entity-specific topics:
– Data Protection: GRI 404-2, GRI G4 FS4 and GRI 418-1
– Information Security: GRI 404-2
– Tax: GRI 207-4
The bank made use of the option to incorporate the following ESRS disclosure requirements by reference according to
ESRS 2, BP-2 §16. The following disclosures are therefore not included in the Sustainability Statement but in other sections
of the Annual Report with respective references to the Sustainability Statement:
– Deutsche Bank’s business model and value chain are described in the section “Deutsche Bank Group” of the Annual
Report, within the “Combined Management Report”
– The role of the Supervisory Board and the Management Board are described in the section “Corporate Governance”
within the “Combined Management Report”
– The governance, strategy, impacts, risks and opportunities, metrics and targets related to the material topic
“Information security” are disclosed in the section “Information security” in the Risk Report of the “Combined
Management Report”
The Group made use of the following phase-in options as listed in ESRS 1, Appendix C, that are applicable to Deutsche
Bank:
– ESRS 2 SBM-3 Par. 48 (e) Material impacts, risks and opportunities – Anticipated financial effects
– ESRS E1-9 Anticipated financial effects from climate-related risk: partial application of phase-in option, including
qualitative description in the first three years of application
The disclosures on the financial effects of sustainability matters are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements if
required by IFRS. With regard to climate risks, estimates of higher transition and physical risk exposures and their impact
on the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) did not result in any adjustment of credit loss provisions for the year ended December
31, 2024. This is described in the focus area Climate Risk of the Risk Report.

Events after the reporting period
ESRS 1.7
After the reporting date no material events occurred which had a significant impact on the bank’s Sustainability Statement.

193

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

Governance
Corporate Governance
ESRS 1 related to ESRS 2 GOV-1, ESRS 2 GOV-2
For information on the role and information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by, of the Supervisory Board
and the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG please refer to the Corporate Governance Statement in this report.

Sustainability Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-1, ESRS 2 GOV-2
Sustainability has been a strategic priority for Deutsche Bank’s management since the bank announced its “Compete to
Win” -strategy in July 2019. This is reflected in its evolving governance, ranging from the Supervisory Board and the Group
Sustainability Committee to senior business leadership, key infrastructure and control functions as well as specialist teams.
In outline, the governance structure is as follows:

Central Setup (Management Board, Supervisory Board, Chief Sustainability Office)
Deutsche Bank has the ambition to be among the sustainability leaders in the financial sector, thus contributing to a more
environmentally compatible, socially responsible and better managed economy. The Management Board of Deutsche
Bank AG as the parent company of the Deutsche Bank Group resumes ultimate responsibility for matters relating to
sustainability.
The Management Board has delegated sustainability-related decisions to the Group Sustainability Committee, one of the
bank’s eight Management Board Committees. It was established as a decision-making body for sustainability-related
matters across Deutsche Bank Group (excluding DWS). It manages its tasks on Group level, oversees and aligns the bank’s
sustainability strategy holistically across business segments. The Group Sustainability Committee is chaired by the Chief
Executive Officer with the Chief Sustainability Officer acting as deputy. The committee comprises Management Board
members and the heads of business segments as well as senior representatives of the relevant infrastructure functions as
their voting members. It is set to meet every quarter.

194

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

Its core tasks include:
– Oversight of sustainability strategy implementation across business segments
– Alignment of the sustainability strategy with the bank’s corporate strategy
The Group Sustainability Committee met four times in 2024.
Several other Management Board Committees have a focus on Deutsche Bank’s approach towards Sustainability and are
embedding the topic in its overarching governance matrix. Members of the Chief Sustainability Office as well as of the
Climate and Environmental Risk function within Enterprise Risk Management serve as voting members in order to ensure
that sustainability related matters are properly considered in the decisions of such committees – specifically:
– The Group Risk Committee has – inter alia – two core responsibilities. First, to develop the bank’s Climate Risk
Management Framework. Second, to provide monthly updates to the Management Board on climate transition risk
profile as well as on status versus risk appetite.
– The Group Reputational Risk Committee serves as the escalation platform at Group level for transaction-based, clientrelated or other primary reputational risk matters - including sustainability-related matters
– The Culture, Integrity and Conduct Committee oversees the implementation and management of the culture, integrity
and conduct framework - including sustainability-related matters
– The Group Investment Committee evaluates strategic investment decisions and monitors progress and performance of
approved investments - including sustainability-related matters
The tasks of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG – to supervise and to advise the Management Board of Deutsche
Bank AG – also include matters related to Sustainability.
Various of the standing committees of Deutsche Bank’s Supervisory Board play an important role with regard to
Sustainability within Deutsche Bank. Most relevant is the Supervisory Board’s Strategy and Sustainability Committee. Its
core objectives include to advise and monitor the Management Board with regard to the definition of business strategies
geared to the sustainable development of the bank while observing the principles of sound, responsible management,
fulfilling the bank’s social responsibilities and of protecting the environment.
In addition, the following Supervisory Board Committees regularly engage in sustainability related matters:
– The Compensation Control Committee of the Supervisory Board – in its capacity to define and assess targets for the
Board of Management – has linked the variable compensation of the Management Board to financial and non-financial
criteria from sustainability related areas. As part of this task and in order to closely and visibly link the sustainability
strategy with the compensation of the Management Board, the Supervisory Board decided at an early stage to reflect
the bank’s strategic sustainable goals in the compensation system
– The Audit Committee oversees – and in this capacity – receives updates on Deutsche Bank’s reporting aspects. This
includes monitoring the effectiveness of the risk management system, particularly of the internal control system
including sustainability-related issues and the internal audit system. In 2024, there was a specific focus on the progress
of the implementation of European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), given its task to support the Supervisory
Board
– The Risk Committee is responsible for the supervision and advice of overall risk appetite and strategy of the bank, which
includes the supervision of the Sustainability Strategy of the bank
Further information on the role and information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the Supervisory Board
and the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG can be found in the Corporate Governance Statement in this report.
Deutsche Bank AG maintains a Chief Sustainability Office, whose head reports into the Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche
Bank AG. It centrally drives sustainability and ensures consistency across Deutsche Bank. The Chief Sustainability Office
assumes responsibility for – inter alia –
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

Developing the corporate sustainability strategy and coordinating its implementation
Defining and setting up the regional sustainability governance structures in an aligned manner
implementing the strategic transformation program
Advancing the bank’s sustainability policies and commitments, including human rights and their monitoring
Validating ESG transactions and performing environmental and social due diligences
Identifying and interpreting key sustainability regulations and standards globally to ensure group wide consistency
Facilitating the dialogue with external stakeholders, including ESG rating management

195

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

At the end of 2024, the Chief Sustainability Office consisted of three areas:
– The Strategy & Regional Governance team, which is responsible for the development of the bank’s corporate
sustainability strategy and corresponding regional governance set-up. The regional governance sub-team was
established with a mandate to define and implement regional sustainability governance structures in a globally aligned
manner.
– The Execution, Data & Regulatory team, which is responsible for driving the strategic transformation program.
– Group Sustainability, who is responsible for advancing the bank’s sustainability framework, overseeing adherence to
group-wide sustainability policies and commitments and the dialogue with external stakeholders, including ESG rating
management. At the beginning of 2025, the latter has been set up as a fourth pillar within the Chief Sustainability Office.
The Chief Sustainability Office runs and coordinates several fora and committees devoted to the implementation of the
bank’s sustainability strategy.
Central to its work is the Sustainability Strategy Steering Committee. It oversees the implementation of Deutsche Bank’s
sustainability strategy (the “Sustainability Program”) as one of the bank’s “Key Deliverables” (“change the bank” priorities)
and is chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer, Vice-Chair is the Chief Financial Officer Investment Bank, Corporate Bank
& ESG. The Sustainability Strategy Steering Committee consists of heads of the divisional ESG teams and ESG experts.
Escalations are reported into the Group Sustainability Committee or the Group Operating Committee, which is responsible
for supporting the delivery of the bank’s overall strategy and change initiatives most effectively. In 2024, the Sustainability
Strategy Steering Committee met seven times.
The Sustainability Strategy Steering Committee consists of multiple cross-divisional work streams. All of them have
documented targets and implementation plans, which are centrally tracked and monitored by the Sustainability Strategy
Steering Committee.
– ESG Financing conceptualizes and implements the Asset and Liability Management in the ESG space and potential
framework expansion (e.g., Sustainable Instruments Framework)
– Empowerment & Training develops and implements a concept for sustainability-related trainings and global crossdivisional communication (including engagement approach)
– Sustainability Data & Technology builds integrated and automated sustainability data and technology foundation
– Risk, Controls & Governance designs and implements ESG risk management framework as well as a group-wide
sustainability governance in line with best practices and regulatory expectation
– Net-zero strategy – Corporate Bank and Investment Bank operationalizes net-zero commitment and decarbonization
targets, ranging from client transition dialogue to portfolio-steering
– Net-zero strategy – Private Bank operationalizes net-zero commitment and decarbonization targets focusing on real
estate financing and investments as well as expansion of partnerships and sales-enablement
– Nature creates a basis for how nature-related aspects can be incorporated into risk management for nature-related
products and considered as part of the ESG Due Diligence. Additionally the workstream is tasked to ensure that the
bank could in the future report on its nature footprint
– Materiality analysis and reporting: define strategic materiality and impact assessment approach for the bank’s business
activities, supports the Chief Financial Office with the delivery of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
(CSRD)/European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and advance integration of Sustainability KPIs into the
bank’s performance management
Deutsche Bank achieved all relevant key deliverable milestones set by year-end 2024.
Another forum is the Sustainability Council which is set to foster knowledge exchange between Deutsche Bank’s
sustainability champions to support bank wide change and to identify new topics. The council is chaired by the Chief
Sustainability Officer and met four times in 2024.
Furthermore, there are two fora are set up at transactional/client level:
– the Group Net Zero Forum (Corporate Bank and Investment Bank)
– the Sustainable Finance Governance Forum.
The Net Zero Forum (labelled as Group Net Zero Forum since 2024) is chaired by the Chief Sustainability Officer and the
Head of Climate & Environmental Risk Management and has the divisional ESG Heads and Coverage Heads across
Corporate Bank and Investment Bank, Chief Risk Office and Chief Sustainability Office as members. In 2024, Divisional Net
Zero fora were established to reflect divisional specificities and to allow for a de-centralized management on this level.
Both the Group as well as the Divisional Net Zero fora discuss transactions in sectors covered by Deutsche Bank’s NetZero targets which could have a significant impact on the bank’s financed emissions and/or decarbonization targets. In
addition, they consider the assessment of clients’ transition strategies in their recommendations.

196

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

The Sustainable Finance Governance Forum is chaired by the Head of Group Sustainability. It is tasked with the
interpretation the Sustainable Finance Framework's definitions and product classifications. Members may be consulted
regarding specific sustainable finance transactions as well as clients, general or product-specific sustainable finance
criteria for selected activities or industries. If appropriate, the forum’s recommendations are submitted to either the Group
Sustainability Committee or the Group Reputational Risk Committee..
Supplementing the Chief Sustainability Office, the bank’s business segments and infrastructure functions have established
ESG expert-teams to foster the sustainability strategy implementation on divisional level and to enable a swift response
to emerging business opportunities and risks.
As such, each business division has appointed a senior manager leading on sustainability, who are also members of the
respective divisional executive committees and run divisional sustainability fora.
Within Deutsche Bank’s infrastructure functions, dedicated teams have been set up to ensure that sustainability-related
matters are properly covered:
– Human Resources has created a dedicated senior position with a focus on People Experience and Sustainable Culture,
covering Behavioral Insight, Culture Change, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion as well as Well-Being
– Global Procurement has set up a sustainability function to drive the vendor management with a particular focus on
supply chain management and related human rights adherence
– Global Real Estate has established a sustainability team driving the reduction of Deutsche Bank’s own emissions (Scope
1 and 2) and performing respective reporting
– Technology, Data and Innovation has created a dedicated team that is responsible for sustainability data provision and
delivering the respective IT infrastructure as well as driving decarbonization of technology own operations . It works
closely with the Workstream “Data & Technology” of the Sustainability Strategy Committee
– Finance runs Deutsche Bank’s Sustainability Reporting Team which owns and manages the end-to-end process of
Deutsche Bank’s Sustainability Statement, including the set-up and implementation of an appropriate Internal Control
System for Sustainability Reporting
– Deutsche Bank’s Risk function – who works on embedding ESG risk into all risk type frameworks and to enhance
modelling and ensure strategic architecture development as part of their dynamic risk assessment – have created
dedicated teams within Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM) as well as Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). NFRM
focuses on maintaining and developing Operational Risk Management (ORM) ESG frameworks. Within NFRM, the
Reputation Risk team has set up a dedicated function focusing on sustainability oversight.
– Compliance performs various sustainability-related activities including:
– Review of the portfolio of policies owned by the function to ensure compliance with ESG regulatory requirements,
with implementation of necessary amendments incorporated into the annual policy review cycle
– The establishment of a new requirement for the assessment of highest priority cross-divisional sustainability
regulatory items by a central ESG Regulation team of the Chief Sustainability Office, where interpretation and impact
assessments are signed off mandatorily by Legal and Compliance
– Trainings of Compliance officers on sustainability fundamentals and the role of Compliance in the context of its
mandate within the Deutsche Bank framework
– Provision of relevant input into the review and enhancements of the control environment for marketing materials,
which the function carried out as a milestone owner of the bank-wide Sustainability Program
– A review of the management of Greenwashing risk in its manifestations within the scope of Compliance Risk Types
and related minimum control standards within the Risk Types
In its capacity as Third Line of Defense, Deutsche Bank’s Internal Audit function (Group Audit) provides independent and
objective assurance to the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG on the adequacy of the design, operating
effectiveness and efficiency of – inter alia - the bank’s risk management processes, which includes climate and
environmental risks. Group Audit also acts as an independent and forward-looking challenger and adviser to the bank’s
senior management.

DWS sustainability governance
Sustainability governance at DWS starts with the DWS Executive Board, which has the overall responsibility for managing
the business activities of DWS. This includes the responsibility for managing sustainability-related risks and opportunities.
To enable a focus on sustainability topics, the DWS Executive Board has delegated its responsibility for the implementation
of the sustainability strategy to the DWS Group Sustainability Committee which reports to the DWS Executive Board
regularly and as required.
The committee is mandated with implementing the sustainability strategy as approved by the DWS Executive Board on
fiduciary and corporate levels across business and infrastructure areas and legal entities.

197

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

Regional Setup
The bank established ESG Heads in two of its regions, Americas and Asia-Pacific. Their mandate is to coordinate the
regional sustainability business strategy on site and to provide sustainability advisory and transaction support to the bank’s
clients. Additionally, the bank has Sustainability Coordinators in key locations in Europe (e.g., Italy and Spain), Africa/Middle
East (e.g., United Arab Emirates), South America (e.g., Brazil) and Asia-Pacific (e.g., China and Singapore) to align
sustainability initiatives and requirements globally.
Regional ESG Heads and Sustainability Coordinators align with the Strategy & Regional Governance team of the Chief
Sustainability Office on sustainability initiatives and matters; sustainability related topics are either discussed in dedicated
fora (e.g., China, Brazil, US, Luxembourg) or at senior governance meetings (e.g., Hong Kong, Italy, Spain).

Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes
ESRS E1 related to ESRS 2 GOV-3
Key characteristics of incentive schemes
The Management Board compensation system is aligned to the business strategy as well as the sustainable and long-term
development of Deutsche Bank and provides suitable incentives for a consistent achievement of the set targets. Through
the composition of total compensation comprising fixed and variable compensation components, through the assessment
of performance over short-term and long-term periods and through the consideration of relevant, challenging
performance parameters, the implementation of the Group strategy and the alignment with the sustainable and long-term
performance of the Group are rewarded in a clear and understandable manner. The structure of the targets and objectives
therefore comprises a balanced mix of both financial and non-financial parameters and indicators.
Structure of the Management Board compensation
The Supervisory Board sets a target compensation for each Management Board member. In accordance with the
recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code, the Supervisory Board also determines the ratio of fixed
compensation to variable compensation as well as the ratio of short to long-term variable compensation
The compensation system for the Management Board consists of fixed and variable compensation components. The fixed
compensation consists of base salary, fringe benefits and contributions to the company pension schemes. The variable
compensation is divided into Short-Term Incentives (STI) and Long-Term Incentives (LTI). In the STI, three to five objectives
for measuring individual and divisional performance over a period of one year are set in the beginning of the period and
disclosed retrospectively. For LTI, four objectives, which are identical for all Management Board Members are set and
disclosed ex ante. The STI is determined after one year, while the LTI is only determined after an assessment period of
three years.
Sustainability-related performance targets and metrics
Deutsche Bank strives to make a contribution to an environmentally friendly, socially inclusive and well-governed
corporate landscape as well as to support its clients in their green transformation. Not only the advisory services and
products but also the working environment and culture at Deutsche Bank should build on this commitment. Deutsche
Bank’s policies and procedures are aligned with the laws and regulations in all of the markets in which it operates, including
anti-discrimination laws such as the 2. German Gender Quota Law (Zweites Führungspositionen-Gesetz - FüPoG II).
For the 2024-2026 LTI plan the Supervisory Board focuses on ESG objectives which form 20% of the total LTI for this
period:
– Environmental target: The objective of driving climate risk-management is linked to the disclosed carbon reduction
targets for defined carbon intensive sectors that were published when setting of CO2 reduction target pathways for
key industries. This metrics measures performance against the published pathway plus an allowed deviation (risk
appetite).
– Social target: The objective of increasing gender diversity in accordance with the 2 German Gender Quota Law (Zweites
Führungspositionen-Gesetzt – FüPoG II) focuses on female representation on the two levels below the Management
Board (MB-1) and Management Board (MB-2) positions, which combates discrimination within the Management Board
succession pipeline as well as to promote equal opportunity.
– Governance target: The corporate governance objective consists of the Control Risk Management Grade (CRMG) and
progress made in the Anti-Money-Laundering / Know-Your-Client remediation activities. The CRMG measures the
control environment based on the performance of the individual divisions, including critical and overdue findings, but
also cultural issues such as self-identified risk acceptance. Overall, the objective underlines the importance for
Deutsche Bank to combat economic crime and prevent money laundering activities, as well as staying compliant with
regulatory requirements and to foster a healthy corporate culture.

198

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

The LTI objectives will be assessed at the end of the assessment period in 2026 against the following targets and limits:

Level of approval
The Supervisory Board is responsible for the decisions on the design of the compensation system as well as for setting the
individual compensation amounts and procedures for awarding the compensation. The Compensation Control Committee
supports the Supervisory Board in its tasks and prepares proposals for resolutions by the Supervisory Board.
The Management Board compensation system was amended by the Supervisory Board with effect from January 1, 2024
and approved by the General Meeting on May 16, 2024. The new system features a simplified structure and increased
transparency and ensures a stronger alignment of Management Board incentives to the performance versus financial
targets.

Internal Controls over Sustainability Reporting
ESRS 2 GOV-5
General
Deutsche Bank recognizes the importance of establishing a rigorous framework for risk management and internal controls
over sustainability reporting. This framework aims to ensure the integrity and reliability of the disclosures in the
Sustainability Statement, by incorporating disclosure controls and procedures to prevent material misstatements. The
Management Board of Deutsche Bank is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
sustainability reporting. The internal control framework over sustainability reporting under the responsibility of the Chief
Financial Officer and is established to ensure the reliability of the disclosures in the Sustainability Statement. The Audit
Committee supports the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank in monitoring the effectiveness of the process of the
preparation of the Sustainability Statement and the related internal controls.

199

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Governance

Risk management and internal control processes
The primary risks in sustainability reporting are that either the Sustainability Statement may not present a true and fair
view due to inadvertent or intentional errors or the publication of the Sustainability Statement is not performed on a timely
basis. This may reduce stakeholder confidence or cause reputational damage and may have legal or regulatory
consequences. A lack of fair presentation arises when one or more disclosures contain misstatements or omissions that are
material. A misstatement is considered material, if it could influence economic decisions that users of the Sustainability
Statement make.
To mitigate these risks associated with sustainability reporting, Deutsche Bank has established internal controls over
sustainability reporting including multi-layered validation and review procedures throughout the reporting process to
ensure the reliability of the disclosures in the Sustainability Statement. A key component of assessing the risk of material
misstatement is the use of a risk ranking that considers impact and probability. In establishing internal controls over
sustainability reporting, the bank has prioritized completeness and accuracy as objectives to ensure the integrity and
reliability of its Sustainability Statement.
The system of internal controls over sustainability reporting covers all stages of the reporting process, from data handling
and data collection to disclosure. This process involves cross-departmental collaboration with clear roles and
responsibilities to ensure consistent implementation across the bank’s operations. The components of this framework
include preventive, detective and corrective controls. Preventive controls are embedded at the initial stages of data
collection within the respective functions providing input to the Sustainability Statement. Detective controls include
independent reviews by the control functions. Corrective controls address issues discovered through audits, ensuring
prompt correction and continuous improvement.
No control system, including internal controls over sustainability reporting, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of that control system are met. As such, disclosure controls and
procedures or systems for internal controls over sustainability reporting may not prevent all errors.
Measuring effectiveness of the system of internal control over sustainability reporting
To enhance the effectiveness of the system of internal control over sustainability reporting, the framework is reviewed and
extended on a yearly basis applying the controls that the bank deems necessary to mitigate the risk to a tolerable level in
line with the bank’s risk appetite. The key controls are:
– Four-eyes controls with a clear segregation of duties between producer and reviewer, as well as reviews by Senior
Management
– Completeness of control documentation as well as adequate control performance covering all process steps (end-toend) when compiling the content for the Sustainability Statement, including documentation of data sources,
reconciliations, analytical controls or inventory controls
The control evidences are derived from procedures that are integrated into the daily duties of staff or from relevant policies
and procedures. Information obtained from other sources also serves as a crucial component of the evaluation, as it has
the potential to either bring additional control concerns to the attention of management or to substantiate findings. Such
information sources may include:
– Reports on audits carried out by or on behalf of regulatory authorities
– External Auditor reports
– Reports commissioned to evaluate the effectiveness of outsourced processes to third parties
The findings, if any, from Deutsche Bank’s internal controls over sustainability reporting process are addressed to the
respective functions in a timely manner to ensure adequate remediation and thereby enhance the reporting process.
Furthermore, the Management Board and the Supervisory Board and further oversight bodies, including Audit Committee,
are informed about any potential findings.
As of December 31, 2024, the management was informed about the results of the effectiveness of the system of internal
control over sustainability reporting. No issues were identified that would compromise the completeness and accuracy of
the disclosures of the Sustainability Statement.

200

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Double materiality assessment

Double materiality assessment
Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities
ESRS 2 IRO-1, ESRS 2 IRO-2, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS 2 SBM-1
In 2024, Deutsche Bank conducted a double materiality assessment (DMA, the assessment) in compliance with the
reporting requirements of the European Sustainability Reporting Standard (ESRS). In line with the reporting requirements,
the DMA includes the perspectives of impact and financial materiality. The assessment was prepared on a consolidated
basis. The scope of consolidation corresponds to that of the Groups consolidated financial statements. The bank did not
identify any subsidiaries not included in the Group’s financial statements that require inclusion in the DMA. The boundaries
of the assessment were further determined by the bank’s value chain, i.e. the bank’s own operations as well as its upstream
and downstream value chain. With regards to its upstream and downstream value chain the bank limited its DMA to its
direct suppliers and clients. The bank’s value chain is described in the chapter “Deutsche Bank Group” within the Combined
Management Report of this report. The bank assigned the disclosure requirements defined in the ESRS to the respective
material topics. Together with the results of the DMA, these define the information disclosed in this Sustainability
Statement. For Deutsche Bank’s Asset Management division, the DMA performed by DWS was also taken into account.
This assessment is performed by DWS primarily to meet its own regulatory reporting requirements. The result of both
assessments was reconciled.

Double materiality assessment process
Responsibility for the implementation Deutsche Bank’s DMA lies with the bank’s Chief Sustainability Office. In line with the
requirements outlined in ESRS 1, Deutsche Bank’s materiality assessment comprises the following process steps.

201

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Double materiality assessment

202

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Double materiality assessment

Identification of the topic list
In order to determine the topics for its DMA, Deutsche Bank first produced a comprehensive catalogue of sustainability
related topics (“longlist”). All ESRS topics and the bank’s material topics from its last materiality assessment were included
in the longlist. The bank further enriched the longlist with topics from several sector agnostic and sector specific
frameworks and standards, sustainability-related regulation and voluntary principles, ESG ratings, publications of nongovernmental organizations and a peer benchmark. The bank determined a topic’s frequency of occurrence in the sources
researched to get a better understanding of a topic’s relevance and consolidated corresponding topics. This process led
to a condensed list (shortlist) of 14 potentially material topics with 33 sub-topics, including all ESRS-topics as well as
further entity specific topics.
Identification of impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO)
Deutsche Bank provided a definition for each shortlist topic reflecting the content of the respective ESRS with adaptations
to the bank’s context. Furthermore, the value chain relevance of each topic was pre-assessed by mapping it to the bank’s
value chain at sub-topic level. For topics that were not deemed to trigger material impacts, risks and/or opportunities (IRO)
at a certain value chain level a rationale was documented. Reasons for not identifying IROs included, for example, a lack of
business model relevance or the irrelevance of an ESRS topic for a specific level of the bank’s value chain. The latter was
applied for ESRS S1 with regards to the bank’s own operations. For the remaining topics IRO statements were created at
ESRS sub-topic and where appropriate sub-sub-topic level based on desk research, expert judgement from the bank’s
Chief Sustainability Office and Subject Matter Experts input.
IRO evaluation
Deutsche Bank engaged various internal stakeholders in the DMA process with clearly assigned responsibilities using
different formats of engagement depending on the process step and maturity of a topic. In general, internal subject matter
experts evaluated impact and financial materiality of a topic based on pre-defined IRO statements except for naturerelated as well as human rights-related topics. These topics were discussed in workshops with participants from the bank’s
Nature working group as well as its Human Rights Forum to account for the crosscutting nature and the still evolving
understanding of the topics within the financial sector. Inputs from the workshops were consolidated and transferred to
the list of IRO statements. Subject Matter Experts across the bank’s business segments and infrastructure functions were
involved in the evaluation process.
Deutsche Bank developed a methodology for evaluating impact and financial materiality based on the characteristics of
severity and likelihood. In line with ESRS 1, the bank considered the factors scale, scope to determine the severity of
impacts. For negative impacts, irremediability of impacts was also taken into account. The evaluation of financial severity
included financial and reputational effects as well as regulatory developments. To the extent possible, the bank applied
existing risk management processes and tools. For example, the bank defined qualitative metrics on six-step scales for
both severity and likelihood, leveraging the bank’s Non-Financial Risk Management Grid. The bank did not prioritize
sustainability-related risks over other types of risks but underwent the relevant materiality assessment processes to
determine the risk management approach to be followed. The bank applied its DMA methodology to both ESRS and entityspecific topics.
Validation of results
To determine the preliminary results of the assessment the bank translated the qualitative evaluations into quantitative
scores. The materiality threshold was set at 3 minimum on a five-point scale, including a materiality threshold corridor of
1.5 to 3.
To provide a broader spectrum of perspectives on the materiality of topics for Deutsche Bank, the bank engaged with
external stakeholders, including clients, investors, a non-governmental organization focusing on the financial sector as
well as representatives from business associations. Furthermore, the preliminary results of the assessment were discussed
in structured validation interviews with seven senior validation managers concentrating on topics positioned in the
materiality threshold corridor. Ultimately, the final set of material topics was determined by bank experts from the Chief
Sustainability Office taking into account the majority opinion derived from the validation interviews. In a further step, the
bank verified whether the inherent risks identified under its DMA would also be considered material from the perspective
of residual risks. Deutsche Bank did not identify any business activities, business relationships, products or services that
would be associated with potential significant non-financial residual risks, which were highly likely to have or will in future
have a severe negative impact on material non-financial topics.

203

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Double materiality assessment

Controls and sign-off
Deutsche Bank established internal controls and a comprehensive sign-off process to ensure the robustness of its DMA
process and the adequacy of the result. For example, the bank defined clear roles and responsibilities for each process
step, applied the four-eye principle and conducted content-related and plausibility checks by the Chief Sustainability
Office. The sign-off process involves senior managers and various governance bodies of the bank to ensure adequate
oversight of the DMA result. First, Senior Confirmation Officers formally signed-off the evaluation results for topics under
their remit. Second, the bank’s Group Sustainability Committee, which acts as the bank’s main governance and decisionmaking body for sustainability-related matters, approved the final set of material topics. Finally, the materiality results
were presented to and approved by the Management Board and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.
Stakeholder views
In addition to the bank’s stakeholder dialog on the results of the DMA, the views and interests of users of the Sustainability
Statement as well as affected stakeholder are indirectly reflected in the IRO evaluation by Subject Matter Experts and in
the interviews with Senior Validation Managers. For example, Subject Matter Experts from the bank's business segments
are expected to reflect clients’ views and interests on sustainability topics. Investors’ views were considered in the
validation interview with Investor Relations.

Material sustainability topics 2024
The materiality heatmap below shows the results of Deutsche Bank’s DMA 2024. All topics/sub-topics displayed are
material from an impact and/or financial materiality perspective. However, the dimensions driving materiality can differ
depending on the topic. This is indicated by the color coding which is derived from the scores of the IRO statements
evaluated across the four dimensions: positive and negative impacts, risk and opportunities and the levels of the value
chain. Dark blue fields indicate that the respective dimension met the materiality threshold. Dimensions, which are shown
in medium blue, fell into the materiality threshold corridor and were determined as material as a result of the validation
interviews. The light blue dimensions have been assessed as non-material with a score below 1.5. While the topics of ESRS
E2 Pollution, ESRS E3 Water and marine resources as well as ESRS E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems did not reach the bank’s
materiality threshold in 2024, the bank is aware of the growing importance of nature-related topics. As part of its
sustainability strategy, the bank is further developing its approach to the topics Nature and Biodiversity.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank aligned the definitions and names of potential material topics with ESRS specifications.
Consequently, the names of material topics which are outlined in the heatmap below can deviate from the material topics
disclosed in the bank’s Non-Financial Report 2023. How the bank is managing and monitoring impacts, risks and
opportunities of material sustainability topics is described in the respective chapters of this Sustainability Statement.

204

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Double materiality assessment

Resulting from methodological adaptations to comply with the enhanced requirements for assessing the double
materiality of topics spelled out in ESRS 1, Deutsche Bank’s DMA 2024 results reflected the following changes compared
to the bank’s materiality assessment performed in previous years according to the Non-Financial Reporting Directive.
Detailed information for the material topic “Corporate culture” can be found in the chapter on “Culture, integrity and
conduct” of this Sustainability Statement. Likewise detailed information on the material topic of “Political engagement
and lobbying activities” can be found in the chapter “Public policy and regulation” in this Sustainability Statement.

205

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Double materiality assessment

In addition, the following changes occurred in comparison to the previous year:
– Digitization and innovation: While Information security and Data protection, topics closely linked to Digitization and
innovation, remained material for Deutsche Bank, the bank did not continue to summarize these topics under the
headline Digitization and innovation on the shortlist
– Human rights: Deutsche Bank is committed to respecting human rights. The bank aims to continuously strengthen its
human rights management; in 2024, the human rights-related topics Workers in the value chain (ESRS S2) and Affected
communities (ESRS S3) did not meet the bank’s materiality threshold and do not form part of the disclosures in this
Sustainability Statement; Deutsche Bank provides detailed information on its human rights approach in its Human
Rights Statement and its annual Human Trafficking and Modern Slavery Statement, these statements are published on
the bank’s human rights website; human rights aspects related to the bank’s employees are material and detailed in the
chapter “Own workforce” of this Sustainability Statement
– Client centricity: In a banking context, Deutsche Bank interpreted the term “Consumer and end-user” of the ESRS S4
as equivalent to its Private Bank’s clients; in order to take account of the bank’s holistic approach to customer
orientation, the bank extended its assessment to all business segments and introduced the topic Client centricity as an
entity-specific topic; Client centricity was assessed as material and covers ESRS S4-related impacts on the bank’s
various client groups
– Anti-competitive behavior: The topic was assessed as a further material entity-specific topic and was added to the
bank’s materiality heatmap
– Deutsche Bank’s Sustainability Statement 2024 focuses on the disclosure requirements for the bank’s material topics
in 2024. Accordingly, the bank does not continue to disclose information on non-material topics within the meaning of
the DMA, such as the topics Access and inclusion, Corporate social responsibility and In-house ecology, in this
Sustainability Statement.

206

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

Sustainability strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Deutsche Bank sees it as its responsibility to support and, where possible, accelerate the historic transformation towards
a more sustainable society and economy. Sustainability has been a central part of the bank’s strategy since July 2019.
Sustainability forms one of the three thematic pillars that underpin Deutsche Bank’s corporate strategy, along with macroeconomic shifts and technology.
The bank has embedded sustainability into its governance and operations as well as in its products and services, focusing
on four pillars: Sustainable Finance, Policies & Commitments, People & Own Operations and Thought Leadership &
Stakeholder Engagement.
With progress along these four pillars, Deutsche Bank aims to accomplish a significant contribution to achieving the Paris
Climate Agreement’s targets and the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals. While the bank aims to support
all 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals, nine of them are closely linked to its sustainability strategy pillars. Furthermore,
the bank evaluates to what extent its financing and issuance activities contribute to 15 Sustainable Development Goals in
line with Deutsche Bank's Sustainable Finance Framework. More information can be found in the “Sustainable Finance”
chapter within this Sustainability Statement.

Deutsche Bank’s sustainability strategy aims to continuously improve across environment, social and governance
dimensions. This has been recognized by leading ESG rating agencies in 2024 (see page “Sustainability” in this
Sustainability Statement), indicating progress across all three dimensions. As an example, the S&P Corporate Sustainability
Assessment (CSA) score improved in 2024 – and in particular with regard to the approach to human capital as part of the
social category. Consequently, Deutsche Bank was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe and Global.
Similarly, the MSCI result shows advancements in employee related KPIs. Additionally, it continues to receive a high score
for the management of financing environmental impact (see “Sustainable Finance” chapter within this Sustainability
Statement).

207

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

Environmental
As a global bank, Deutsche Bank is committed to support and accelerate the transition to a low-carbon sustainable
economy. Addressing climate change and environmental destruction necessitates substantial investments as well as a
prudent risk management approach and presents a significant business opportunity. The bank’s clients have high demands
for advice on financial products and services to progress on their individual transformation.
In response to this demand, a central pillar of Deutsche Bank’s environmental strategy is to facilitate sustainable financing
and ESG investments. The bank aims to achieve a total of € 500 billion in cumulative volumes from January 2020 to end of
2025 (excluding DWS). By year-end 2024, Deutsche Bank reached € 373 billion (excluding DWS). In 2024, the volumes
increased by 46% compared to the previous year. Most of the transactions had an environmental focus, with € 156 billion
of the cumulative volumes specifically categorized as environmental. For additional information on DWS sustainability and
sustainable finance and ESG investments strategy, please refer to the “DWS sustainability strategy” section in this chapter
and the “Sustainable Finance” chapter in this Sustainability Statement.
The strategic process behind Deutsche Bank’s sustainable finance business has been continuously enhanced and refined
over the years. While central coordination resides with the strategy team in the Chief Sustainability Office, each business
division has a specialized ESG team which concentrates on sustainable finance and ESG investments. More details can be
found in the “Sustainable Finance” chapter in this Sustainability Statement.
Deutsche Bank has established various frameworks. This constitutes the second pillar of its sustainability strategy: Policies
& Commitments. It includes the bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework, Sustainable Instruments Framework and the ESG
Investments Framework. These frameworks set rules around providing sustainable finance as well as products and are
continuously being developed further. For instance, its Sustainable Finance Framework and ESG Investments Framework
define the methodology and procedures for classifying transactions as sustainable. All of them are publicly available and
were updated, broadened, or implemented in 2024 as further explained in the “Sustainable finance” chapter of this
Sustainability Statement. Moreover, the development of a Transition Finance Framework will be of strategic importance in
2025.
In addition to the frameworks, sector guidelines play an important role in Deutsche Bank’s sustainability strategy. In 2024,
all these guidelines were consolidated into a single policy, owned by the Chief Sustainability Office.
The other cornerstone of the Policies & Commitments pillar is its target to achieve net-zero emissions. The bank’s initial
Transition Plan, published in October 2023, outlines the strategy to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. The plan focuses
on reducing carbon emissions in three key areas: the bank’s own operations (Scope 1 and 2, including DWS), its supply
chain (Scope 3, Categories 1 to 14) and the financed emissions associated with the global corporate lending portfolios and
European residential mortgages (Scope 3, Category 15). Further information can be found in the “Climate change” chapter
in this Sustainability Statement.
While Deutsche Bank wants to lead by example in the decarbonization of its own operations, partnering with its
clients to support them on the path toward net-zero is the main lever for decarbonizing its financing activities and
thus contributing to the transition of the wider economy. This requires a continuous assessment of its clients and
intensive engagements with them. Here, Deutsche Bank pursues a three-pronged approach: (1) assisting companies
that enable emission reduction, (2) supporting them to transition their business models and (3) phasing out business
with not-to-abate industries such as thermal coal.
In addition, Deutsche Bank aims to support its clients in their effort to integrate nature-related aspects into their activities
– be it via relevant indicators or solutions that support the protection of nature, known as nature-based solutions. Deutsche
Bank has an advisory panel compromised of independent external thought leaders specializing in nature challenges. The
panel’s role is to provide guidance on how the bank can focus its business more on financing conservation and naturebased solutions.
An additional example is Deutsche Bank’s commitment to the #BackBlue initiative, which aims to ensure that ocean
protection is incorporated in finance and insurance decisions. In the reporting year 2024, the elaboration on naturerelated aspects is not presented in detail in this Sustainability Statement as they have not yet exceeded the bank’s
materiality threshold.

208

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

The comprehensive implementation of Deutsche Bank’s sustainable finance activities, along with its Policies &
Commitments constitutes the third pillar of the strategy, titled People & Own Operations. Here, Deutsche Bank’s data
and technology capabilities play a vital role. It is essential to ensure the quality, availability and standardization of
sustainability-related data. Consequently, Deutsche Bank has developed a systematic approach to capturing,
validating and aggregating data, while also exploring technology initiatives that enhance data integration into
reporting, analysis, planning and monitoring systems. The bank also engages with peers and industry bodies to
develop standardized approaches.
Moreover, the People & Own Operations pillar is about enabling employees to participate in the bank’s sustainability
journey. A key aspect of this is an active communication approach. The Sustainability Hub, an internal information
platform, several regular updates from the Chief Sustainability Office as well as business and infrastructure areas
contribute to this. Additional examples are regional sustainability-related trainings along with business individual
training formats such as Private Bank’s dedicated sustainability training series in 2024 with 33 sessions for all
employees in the Private Bank Germany or dedicated trainings on climate risks across the Investment Bank.
Further aspects of the People & Own Operations pillar like Human Rights or Diversity, Equity and Inclusion are
covered in the “Social” section of this chapter.
Deutsche Bank uses its voice and expertise for supporting the deep transformation to a less resource intense
economy. This manifests through the fourth strategic pillar: Thought Leadership & Stakeholder Engagement. In 2024,
the bank participated at the Climate Week New York and the UN Conference of the Parties (COP). Additionally, it
hosted a Climate and Security Day in London and became supporter of the Global Investor Commission on Mining
2030.
Deutsche Bank has set the following key targets and goals to environmental related matters:
– The bank aims to achieve cumulative sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes of € 500 billion in the period
from January 2020 to end of 2025 (excluding DWS)
– Deutsche Bank is committed to reduce its CO2 emissions (Scope 1 to 3) to net-zero by 2050Therefore, the bank has set
net-zero targets for the eight most carbon-intensive sectors in its corporate loan book by end of 2030 (interim) and end
of 2050 (final) and linked the Management Board compensation to adherence to these pathways
– The bank aims to encourage as many of its high-emitting clients in the most carbon-intensive sectors to commit to netzero. However, due to alternating dynamics internationally with regards to net-zero commitments, the bank no longer
believes it is realistic to achieve the ambition of 90% from 2026 onwards. Nevertheless, Deutsche Bank will report
annually on the progress regarding this ambition
– Deutsche Bank aims to implement and publish its Transition Finance Framework in 2025
In 2024, Deutsche Bank continued to deliver on its environmental dimension. Key achievements include:
– The bank achieved a cumulative sustainable financing and ESG investments volume of € 373 billion from the beginning
of 2020 to end of 2024, with 42% related to environmental activities
– Deutsche Bank agreed on an additional sectorial emission reduction target for Aviation
– The bank communicated that part of the Management Board compensation in the Long-Term Award for 2024 will be
linked to adherence to the sector target pathways for carbon-intensive sectors (Scope 3, Category 15)
– Deutsche Bank strengthened its ocean protection policies as part of its commitment to the #BackBlue initiative

Social
In addition to transitioning to a low-carbon sustainable economy, Deutsche Bank has integrated social aspects into its
strategy. This includes the social dimension of sustainable finance and ESG investments volumes, adherence to human
rights, the promotion of a diverse and qualified workforce, adequate working conditions, and a strong focus on client
centricity.
By year-end 2024, at least € 46 billion of the bank’s total € 373 billion volumes in sustainable finance and ESG investments
were categorized as social, while € 91 billion were related to both, environmental and social activities (excluding DWS).
Deutsche Bank has underlined the importance by issuing its inaugural social bond of € 500 million in July 2024. This was
made possible by expanding the existing Green Instruments Framework to include social criteria to form the Sustainable
Instruments Framework.

209

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

Examples of Deutsche Bank’s financing activities include social housing or hospital financing in Sub-Saharan Africa. While
the volume of social investments is smaller than environmental investments, Deutsche Bank keeps strengthening its social
financing activities, particularly in support of social housing and just transition in regard to the Global South. These social
financing activities should involve nature-based solutions in the future, which aim to protect both indigenous communities
and the environment. An example is Deutsche Bank’s involvement in the Indonesia Just Energy Transition Partnership.
Next to Deutsche Bank’s financing activities, the respect for human rights is an important part of the social strategy – as
part of its Policies & Commitments pillar. The bank’s approach to human rights encompasses all areas of its business,
including client transactions, interactions with suppliers and service providers, and the treatment of its employees. The
bank aims to continuously strengthen its human rights management, particularly in light of the German Supply Chain Due
Diligence Act and the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD).
Another important social dimension is the promotion of employees. Their engagement, skills, well-being and dedication
are vital to clients’ lasting success and financial security. The bank’s people strategy aims to support daily collaboration
and excellence among employees and managers as well as a fair and attractive working environment. The focus is also on
the creation of equal opportunities for all.
To empower its workforce, Deutsche Bank enhances a strong learning culture. This includes customized learning
opportunities, and a wide variety of training offers across the organization, with average training expenses of € 417 per FTE
and training hours of 18.3 per employee. Moreover, the bank fosters internal mobility to enable employees to broaden their
skills and experience. talent acceleration programs help employees to develop both professionally and personally.
The bank recognizes leadership as key for workforce excellence and transformation and fosters leadership capabilities
through talent and leadership programs. This includes the newly established All-Managers-Curriculum, centered on the
bank’s aspirational culture and Leadership Kompass. It aims to promote excellence and an inclusive as well as growthoriented mindset.
Deutsche Bank supports a health-promoting work environment, providing a wide range of benefits and a comprehensive
support network ranging from career advice, mental health support or employee assistance programs. These aim to help
its employees balance professional and personal commitments. In total, Deutsche Bank operates more than 850 employee
benefit plans globally and offers a hybrid working model, allowing to combine the benefits of remote and in-office work.
The bank fosters a diverse workforce, representing employees from 160 nationalities. It promotes the advancement of
women and historically underrepresented groups by embedding diversity, equity, and inclusion in its culture as well as
working conditions and creating dedicated development programs. Additionally, training modules, such as Leading
Inclusively, are offered to managers to help them become leaders aware of unconscious bias. Moreover, the bank supports
employee-led groups that represent a variety of communities, including LGBTQI+ employees, those from multicultural
backgrounds, parents, different generations, and individuals with disabilities or neurodivergence.
A key indicator of progress in Deutsche Bank’s people strategy is the annual People Survey. The survey centers on
employees’ commitment and enablement and encourages feedback on an even wider range of topics, including working
conditions, sense of purpose and fulfillment at work.
In 2024, the employee commitment decreased to 67%, down from 70% in 2023. The enablement index also saw a slight
decline to 70% from 71% in 2023. At the same time, employees’ intrinsic motivation, their willingness to go above and
beyond, remains at a very high level, indicative of a high-performance organization. The results from the People Survey
were shared with the Management and Supervisory Board. In 2024, the Boards identified four key focus areas for the bank
to address with targeted initiatives: Strategy and Transformation (e.g., process improvements and better communication),
Leadership (e.g., manager curricula), Sustainable Career Development (e.g., individual growth), and Performance and
Feedback (e.g., sustainable performance culture).
Additionally, the bank runs a Culture Pulse survey three times a year to continuously gauge employees’ perceptions of
their workplace. In 2024, the focus has been on feedback and productive behaviors within their working environment.
Deutsche Bank has received recognition for its progress, earning awards such as The Times top 50 Employers for Gender
Equality 2024, the Max-Spohr-Prize 2024 and the recognition at the InsideOut Mental Health Awards 2024 as Financial
Services Employer of the Year. Moreover, in 2024 the bank achieved the Top Employer certification in Germany, India, and
Belgium.

210

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

Another important element of the bank’s social strategy is its clients’ satisfaction. Client centricity is fundamental to
Deutsche Bank’s business and its “This is Deutsche Bank” framework including the bank’s client-centric purpose statement,
“Dedicated to our clients’ lasting success and financial security at home and abroad”. In addition, client centricity is
grounded in four guiding principles that foster the bank’s desired culture. These principles promote a commercial mindset,
encouraging collaboration throughout the organization to create an excellent client experience.
To enhance client relationships, Deutsche Bank established a Client Centricity Program. This program focuses on three
key objectives: (1) driving closer bank-wide collaboration around clients, (2) aligning client data and tools, and (3) improving
client resource allocation to drive Shareholder Value Add (SVA). The program is supported by Management Board
sponsorship, established governance structures, cross-divisional collaboration supported by action plans as well as an
enhanced incentive framework.
To build trusting relationships with clients, Deutsche Bank aims to sustain and develop products with high-quality
standards for all offerings. Business divisions have formulated individual strategies to meet these standards in line with
their specific client group. For instance, the Private Bank employs a divisional multi-client segment strategy to improve
the implementation and alignment of the Net Promoter Score (NPS) and client feedback processes across all regions. The
Investment Bank Fixed Income & Currencies receives and reviews feedback from institutional clients via broker reviews as
structured format or via direct dialogues with clients (e.g., meetings and calls with Deutsche Bank management).
Deutsche Bank evaluates a wide range of criteria for the development and continuous improvement of its products and
services, including sustainability criteria such as the alignment with its sustainability targets. To ensure the products and
services are suitable for the target market and consistent with the bank’s objectives and values, they go through a
dedicated control process. Deutsche Bank has established robust processes to ensure all products and services meet highquality standards and minimize complaints. Specifically, it established New Product Approval and Systematic Product
Review processes that form a control framework to manage the risks associated with new products and services as well as
their lifecycle management. Additionally, each business division gathers the mentioned client feedback to assess client
satisfaction in ways that are tailored to its specific client group.
Deutsche Bank has set the following key targets and goals related to social matters:
– It aims to have women representing at least 35% of Managing Director, Director and Vice President roles by year-end
2025
– The bank plans to have at least 32.5% women in the positions one and two levels below the Management Board by the
end of 2026
– Deutsche Bank has set out a target of at least 70% regarding employees’ perception of the bank’s working conditions
reflected in the Culture Pulse Index
To support the advancement of women and members of other groups, the bank embeds diversity, equity, and inclusion in
its culture and employee practices. It holds leaders accountable using a data-driven approach with strong engagement
and visible sponsorship from senior management and operationalization at the divisional level.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank continued to deliver on its social dimension. Key achievements are:
– The bank expanded its Green Instruments Framework to include social criteria to form the Sustainable Instruments
Framework. This enabled the firm to issue its inaugural social bond of € 500 million with an orderbook size of over
€ 6.6 billion
– By year-end 2024, 33% of Managing Director, Director and Vice President were women, which represented an increase
of 0.7%-pts compared to year-end 2023
– The People Survey received the highest participation rate since 2011, with 65% of invited employees. Based on vendor
feedback, this participation rate is in line with bank’s peers
– The 2024 score of the bank’s Culture Pulse Index was 69.89% with the target set at 70.00%
– Client feedback initiatives were carried out across all businesses. For instance, Private Bank showed robust NPS results
across multiple regions and metrics in 2024
– Private Bank completed the rollout of Net Promoter Score in Germany

211

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

Governance
Deutsche Bank must assess its business activities and own operational processes for potential negative impacts and
identify associated governance risks to meet its responsibilities to clients and society.
This includes compliance with rules and regulations, protection of the bank’s and clients’ assets and data, prevention of
financial crimes, and adherence to fair competition rules.
To ensure that these responsibilities are met, Deutsche Bank has implemented control standards, internal policy
requirements, frameworks, and risk remediation processes. These processes, policies and frameworks are closely
monitored to continuously enhance existing controls in key risk areas. For example, Group Data Privacy defines and
maintains internal policy requirements and minimum control standards which the bank’s business and infrastructure units
must adhere to, taking into account the latest regulatory developments. An assessment of antitrust, inherent bribery and
corruption risks and corresponding controls across all of the bank’s businesses and infrastructure functions is conducted
annually. Additionally, Deutsche Bank’s Whistleblowing framework sets out the bank’s internal approach for raising
concerns. Speaking up and Listening is encouraged as a critical behavior supporting the bank’s aspirational culture. The
Financial Crime Risk Management framework offers guidance on the identification and management of financial crime
risks.
Employees receive regular training on various governance-related topics, including antitrust risks, anti-financial crime,
data protection, information security, and the bank’s speak-up culture. Further mandatory training programs, which are
rolled out at least once a year via the online e-learning platform, include antitrust training, the Code of Conduct and Your
Supervisory Duties as a Manager training, focusing on conduct and behavioral aspects.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank established the “This is Deutsche Bank” framework. At the center is the client-centric purpose
statement. The framework also encompasses the bank’s vision, strategy, aspirational culture, and claim, promoting a clientcentric mindset to achieving targets of the corporate strategy and strengthening the culture. An important part of this
initiative is the bank’s Culture program, which focuses on four key guiding principles: “we act responsibly to inspire trust”,
“we think commercially for sustainable outcomes”, “we take initiative to create solutions”, and “we work collaboratively for
the greatest impact”. These principles are further broken down into sixteen specific behaviors such as prioritizing time and
resources, generating new opportunities and recognizing collective achievements. Part of the activation of the “This is
Deutsche Bank” framework were ambassador meetings with employees across the organization, along with a
comprehensive group-wide communication strategy.
Deutsche Bank’s Code of Conduct serves as the foundation for the bank’s purpose. Its aim is to foster a diverse and
inclusive environment where employees’ opinions are valued and speaking up and raising concerns are encouraged. A
collaborative and respectful atmosphere is essential for the success of both employees and the bank in serving clients,
stakeholders and communities.
Deutsche Bank is dedicated to collaborating with governments, policymakers, and the industry to improve conditions for
its clients to thrive and to help them navigate challenges such as geopolitical uncertainties. As part of this, the bank acts
as an intermediary between clients and policymakers to reinforce a better understanding of both public and private side
stakeholders, thereby facilitating a more effective and efficient sustainable transition process. This is achieved by
conveying implementation challenges to the policymakers and clarifying the regulatory intentions behind disclosure and
reporting requirements to clients. Regarding tax matters, Deutsche Bank seeks to develop and maintain positive working
relationships with tax authorities by engaging with them in a proactive, transparent, professional, and timely manner.
Additionally, Deutsche Bank continued its existing financial crime risks industry engagements with relevant associations
such as the Wolfsberg Group and has been participating in the German Anti Financial Crime Alliance Board since 2022.

212

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainability strategy

In 2024, Deutsche Bank key achievements in the governance dimension include:
–
–
–
–

Completion rate of all mandatory trainings at 99.80%
100% of the new managers completed Speak-up training
74 culture, integrity and conduct initiatives across divisions and infrastructure functions
Deutsche Bank further strengthened its perimeter security and expanded its comprehensive staff security training
offering, including the launch of a security academy
– The bank has implemented key data protection principles which set internal global standards. The data protection
policy has been revised to further strengthen data protection responsibilities for employees and role holders and will
be further updated in 2025 to consolidate existing and include new country-specific particularities
Deutsche Bank operates in an environment with increasing levels of digitization and a continuously evolving regulatory
landscape. This necessitates constant monitoring and adaptation to developments and trends such as artificial
intelligence. As part of this effort, Deutsche Bank regularly monitors the global threat landscape for emerging threats
related to the security of the bank’s operations and information and adjusts mitigation measures as necessary. Additionally,
the bank undertakes an annual assessment of inherent antitrust risks to implement new controls and enhance existing
ones.

DWS sustainability strategy
Deutsche Bank´s Asset Manager, DWS, has the ambition to enable its clients to navigate the sustainable transformation of
the real economy by providing them with investment expertise and solutions. Climate change remains the key theme of
DWS´s sustainability strategy which is built around three priorities:
– Focus on climate-related investing: DWS seeks to provide access to climate-related investment opportunities,
supported by its thought leadership
– Strengthen engagement with investees and other relevant stakeholders: Transformation will be key to succeed in
climate risk mitigation. In that context DWS aims to continuously evolve its engagement approach with investee firms,
clients and index providers as well as other industry groups
– Advance DWS´s own corporate transformation: Following its commitment to net-zero, DWS seeks to focus on delivery
against DWS’s net-zero targets. Furthermore, DWS seeks to strengthen its corporate sustainability agenda and the
supporting organizational change process
Across all DWS´s activities, it acknowledges differences in client preferences and regulatory frameworks also across
regions and DWS seeks to take those into account in its product offering, engagement and proxy voting activities.

213

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership
ESRS 2 SBM-2
Fair and open dialog with all its stakeholder groups is very important to Deutsche Bank. The bank wants to understand
their expectations and concerns about its strategy, business activities and social responsibilities. This helps the bank
identify its potentially positive and negative impacts.
Deutsche Bank’s core stakeholders, i.e., those persons or groups of persons identified that can materially affect or be
affected by the bank, belong to the following groups: clients, employees, investors, regulators and society at large,
including e. g. media and non-governmental organizations. The bank has clearly defined responsibilities towards
stakeholder engagement. On the one hand the double materiality assessment, which is described in more detail in the
chapter of the same name in this Sustainability Statement helps identify stakeholder sentiment overarchingly on the topics
they regard as most relevant to the bank. Additionally, each business division and infrastructure function have mandates
for interaction with their assigned stakeholder group. For material topics in stakeholder interests and for ensuring that their
feedback and demands are taken seriously Deutsche Bank has developed respective approaches to address and action
feedback and to make sure the material topics are integrated in its business model. For instance, the complaint
management channel open to the bank’s clients and the whistleblowing channel for its employees enables a more
comprehensive feedback capture and analysis process. Themes identified in this process are considered as a valuable input
factor for the bank’s regular review and improvement of its business strategies, aiming at better fulfilling stakeholders’
needs and expectations.

Clients
ESRS S4, ESRS 2 SBM-2
Sustainability has gained significant momentum across all the bank’s client groups. The bank sees it as its responsibility to
advise its clients in areas where they are looking for guidance and support for their transformation. Regular dialog helps
the bank to understand its clients’ expectations, interests and needs and translate them into action.
Deutsche Bank engages with its clients in many ways, including for example, personal or virtual meetings, calls, regular
surveys and the analysis of feedback it receives e. g. via its branches or hotlines. Deutsche Bank representatives are
involved in discussions at various conferences and events. The bank also communicates via digital communication
channels and publishes papers on sustainability topics.
Climate change and the transition of the global economy toward sustainability remained an important topic for clients in
the Corporate Bank and Investment Bank as well as investors, keeping the interest in sustainable finance products and
services at a high level. Private clients requested best-in-class transparency and sustainability-related advisory. In 2024,
Deutsche Bank continued to support its clients with its financial expertise and product offerings on their path to
sustainability. For details on products, see “Sustainable finance” chapter.
Deutsche Bank also engages in sustainability related initiatives. For example, Private Bank has continued its strategic
partnerships with organizations such as Ocean Risk and Resilience Action Alliance and World Wildlife Fund for Nature.

Employees
ESRS S1, ESRS 2 SBM-2
The ideas and skills as well as the commitment and wellbeing of Deutsche Bank’s employees are essential to a productive
workforce. Strong relationships, open communication and learning from feedback are key in fostering a trusting
environment in which employees take accountability and collaborate.
The annual People Survey, exit and pulse surveys as well as a continuous dialogue with its employees help the bank
understand its employees’ motivation and their perceived productivity. Several communication channels including team
meetings, employee networks, emails, newsletters, townhalls and the ability to comment on intranet pages encourage the
bank’s employees to share their thoughts and give feedback.
In 2024, the People Survey showed a decline in the key indicators, employee commitment and enablement. A focus on
four key areas, Strategy & Transformation, Leadership, Sustainable Career Development and Performance & Feedback will
help the bank to improve employee effectiveness and remain competitive with other financial services and high performing
companies.
How Deutsche Bank manages employee-related aspects is detailed in the “Own Workforce” chapter within the
Sustainability Statement.

214

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership

Investors
ESRS 2 SBM-2
Investors expect Deutsche Bank to execute its strategy and to build a strong business foundation that delivers consistent
returns while managing risks responsibly. This comprises the bank pursuing of strategic opportunities and proactive
management of risks related to sustainability, including the transition toward a climate-neutral economy as well as social
and governance aspects.
Deutsche Bank actively engages with its private and institutional investors in discussions surrounding sustainability-related
topics including Deutsche Bank’s progress and goals through, one-on-one or group meetings, phone calls, conferences
and in writing.
Deutsche Bank ensures transparency by regularly publishing all quarterly and annual reports and other materials detailing
detail the institution’s financial and non-financial performance through its investor relations website. On their dedicated
sustainability section within its Investor Relations website, Deutsche Bank provides a comprehensive overview, further
strengthening its commitment to sustainability principles.
In 2024, investors expressed keen interest in several pivotal sustainability topics:
– Achievements made in executing the bank’s sustainability strategy
– Progress towards Deutsche Bank’s sustainable finance target, climate and environmental risk management,
environmental policy implementations and comprehensive reporting practices regarding governance topics
– Detailed explanation of decarbonization pathways and understanding of progress made in net-zero efforts
– Identified opportunities stemming from the bank’s offering in sustainable finance
– The institution’s approach toward client transition dialogue within high-emitting sectors prone to inherent negative
environmental and social impacts
– Enhancement associated with the bank’s internal controls, compliance measures, remediation efforts and governance
frameworks
– Progress in promoting diversity, equity and inclusion at all levels, bodies and regions within the bank
– Questions on the implementation of the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS)
Throughout 2024, Deutsche Bank actively exchanged insights on sustainability topics with capital market participants.
This ongoing dialogue enables the bank to align its strategies with investor expectations and strengthens its dedication to
transparency and continuous enhancement in sustainability practices.

Policymakers
ESRS 2 SBM-2
Constructive dialog with relevant policymakers and political stakeholders has become even more important amidst greater
regulatory activity worldwide, especially in the current geopolitical environment. It helps the bank make decisions to
achieve its strategic priorities and supports the effective functioning of economies globally.
Deutsche Bank engages with policymakers via in-person and virtual meetings, participation in government-led forums, or
responding to consultations through trade associations or individually.

215

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership

Key regulatory topics in 2024 included:
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

The implementation of the final Basel III rules and the review of the EU macroprudential framework
The review of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive
Shaping the future work on revising the settlement cycle
Rethinking the European framework around securitizations
The European Commission’s sustainable finance agenda
Digitization of banking and society
The EU Banking Union and the Capital Markets Union’s progress and investor protection and
The Digital Euro
The Retail Investment Strategy
The UK Listing Act and ongoing changes to the Prospectus Regime
The UK Pensions Review
The Wholesale Markets Review, including transparency rules under the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (UK
MiFIR)
– The U.S. prudential regulators proposed rule to implement the Basel III framework
Deutsche Bank convened and participated in seminars and public panels, held conversations with policymakers on each
of the issues mentioned above. The bank’s Government & Public Affairs function also monitored emerging policymaking
and regulatory developments that may impact the bank and developed and coordinates its position on them.

Media
ESRS 2 SBM-2
Deutsche Bank seeks to maintain constructive relationships with journalists and media representatives all over the world.
Timely, effective and open communications with the media are essential for building and maintaining Deutsche Bank’s
reputation and brand. The bank’s dialogue with media representatives focuses on key topics driven by the economy,
investors, regulators and society at large. Sustainability is another key topic.
In 2024, the bank’s experts engaged with the media, for example, on environmental matters in many ways, including:
– Updates on the bank’s progress in implementing its sustainability strategy, with an emphasis on climate risk
management, environmental policies and sustainability reporting, e.g., with the public announcement that the bank
strengthened its ocean protection policies under the #BackBlue initiative
– Comments and statements in response to a number of reports and studies from non-governmental organizations, with
a focus on information about financing and investment volumes, as well as its sustainability policies and frameworks
– Information on the bank’s approach to climate protection, especially in relation to its loan exposure in highly carbonintensive sectors
In 2024, Deutsche Bank responded to numerous sustainability-related media queries and its communications experts
accompanied journalists for interviews or background talks with a number of the bank’s senior managers. Furthermore,
Deutsche Bank convened and participated in various conferences and public panels and offered a range of media events
and platforms for further dialogue with its stakeholders.

216

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership

Non-governmental organizations
ESRS 2 SBM-2
Deutsche Bank engages with stakeholders from broader society to understand their views on local and global
environmental and social trends and challenges. For example, the bank continually engages with non-governmental
organizations and participates in numerous sustainability-related initiatives.
In 2024, the following were important topics of non-governmental organizations engagement, which already were in focus
in the previous year:
– Climate change, especially in relation to topics such as decarbonization and the general financing of the fossil fuels
sector and with regards to the energy transition as well as specific companies and projects
– Deforestation, with a sector focus on agriculture and a regional focus on Latin America, especially Brazil and the Amazon
rainforest and associated impacts on human rights esp. indigenous communities
– Mining activities, including deep-sea mining and the associated impacts on human rights, local communities,
biodiversity, the climate and the environment
In 2024, Deutsche Bank responded to written requests, surveys, or questionnaires and repeatedly met non-governmental
organizations in person to discuss the themes of their engagement.
If Deutsche Bank becomes aware of allegations on environmental or social impacts, e.g., through engagement with nongovernmental organizations, the bank’s Group Sustainability team reviews the allegations and the bank’s potential
involvement in these. To verify the allegations, the bank case-by-case consults publicly available information as well as
relevant stakeholders. As needed, this might include direct engagement with clients as well as with civil society
representatives that are familiar with the situation. Where appropriate, the bank obtains the advice of independent experts.
Based on all available information and its assessment of the risks that have been identified, the bank decides on the further
course of action, which may include remediation measures or the termination of a business relationship. In addition, Group
Sustainability may also consider non-governmental organizations’ input, reports and campaigns when reviewing the scope
of sectors and topics covered as well as the requirements of its environmental and social due diligence.

Memberships and commitments
As part of Deutsche Bank’s long-standing commitment to sustainability, the bank has formally endorsed universal
sustainability frameworks and initiatives. Furthermore, the bank supports several organizations that promote sustainability
and collaborates in industry initiatives at the global, EU and national level. The bank contributes its expertise to help shape
the transition toward a sustainable and climate-neutral economy. For example, the Deutsche Bank is a member of the UN
Environment Programme Finance Initiative (1992), a signatory to the ten principles of the UN Global Compact (2000), the
Principles for Responsible Investment (through DWS, 2008), the Principles for Responsible Banking (2019) and the NetZero Banking Alliance (2021).

217

Sustainable finance
Sustainable finance is one of the four elements of the sustainability pillar underpinning
­Deutsche Bank’s Compete-to-Win-strategy. It represents the bank’s commitment to be a
­global market leader in this field. Deutsche Bank is dedicated to its clients’ long-term ­success
and financial security at home and abroad. The bank’s expertise in sustainable finance puts
it in a position to further deepen strategic engagements with its clients. Consequently,
­sustainable finance is a vital aspect of Deutsche Bank’s Global Hausbank strategy.

Cumulative1, 2
Sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes

€ 500bn
Target

Sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes
€ 10bn
Corporate & Other

€ 70bn
Corporate Bank

€ 373bn

2024
2025

€ 373bn

€ 224bn
Investment
Bank

€ 68bn
Private Bank

€373bn

Incremental1, 2
Incremental 2024 sustainable financing and
ESG investment volumes by category

Incremental 2024 sustainable financing and
ESG investment volumes by client type

€9bn
Social

€ 15bn
Sustainabilitylinked

€18bn
Private

€ 93bn
€ 28bn
Environmental
and social

1
2

€ 10bn
Institutional

Excluding Asset Management (DWS))
Numbers may not add up due to rounding

€41bn
Environmental

€24bn
Sovereigns,
supranational
organizations
and agencies

€ 93bn
€ 41bn
Corporates

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Sustainable finance
The following chapter comprehensively discusses the subject of Sustainable finance. As this subject is a significant part of
the bank’s entire organization and has exposure to a variety of ESRS requirements the chapter will include all material
disclosures pertaining to the cross-cutting standard ESRS 2.
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 SBM-1, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS 2 MDR-T, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS E1-4
Sustainable finance, one of the four elements of the sustainability pillar underpinning Deutsche Bank’s Compete to Win
strategy, stands for the bank’s commitment to be a global market leader in this area. Deutsche Bank is dedicated to clients’
lasting success and financial security at home and abroad and the bank’s expertise in sustainable finance puts it in a
position to further deepen strategic engagements with its clients. Sustainable finance thus forms an important element of
Deutsche Bank’s Global Hausbank strategy.
Deutsche Bank’s track record of reporting sustainable finance volumes since 2020 underscores its dedication to meeting
the growing demand for sustainable financing. The bank’s endeavors include understanding client needs, developing
climate products, establishing supportive organizational structures and defining early success indicators. By focusing on
these steps, Deutsche Bank plans to forge strategic partnerships with clients globally on their decarbonization paths,
leveraging both strategic and financial advantages. Furthermore, Deutsche Bank can exert positive impact on the
environment and society in the short- and medium-term by catalyzing investments and mobilizing financing for climate
adaptation measures and for supporting clients towards low-carbon business models, as well as applying strict due
diligence policies for sustainable financing and ESG investment activities in carbon-intensive industries and locations
severely exposed to climate impacts.
By following the measures outlined above, Deutsche Bank aims to gain additional business driven by changes in clients’
and investors’ preferences for sustainable products and services. The bank is also developing sustainable finance products
for climate change adaptation. These efforts align with the European Commission’s Action Plan and the Paris Agreement,
showcasing Deutsche Bank’s commitment to a sustainable future. Demonstrating thought leadership in sustainable
finance enables Deutsche Bank to create a sense of urgency for environmental and social dimensions, including topics of
climate change adaptation and mitigation, with clients and other stakeholders.
After exceeding its accelerated target of € 200 billion in sustainable financing and ESG investments by the end of 2022
with a cumulative total of € 215 billion, Deutsche Bank is committed to achieve € 500 billion in sustainable financing and
ESG investments by year-end 2025. In 2024, Deutsche Bank achieved an incremental sustainable financing and ESG
investments volume as defined in Deutsche Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework and Deutsche Bank’s ESG Investments
Framework of € 93 billion ending the year with cumulative volumes of € 373 billion (excluding Asset Management (DWS)).
In addition to this volume, Asset Management (DWS) reported ESG assets under management of € 163 billion in 2024, an
increase of € 29 billion compared to 2023.
Below are some of Deutsche Bank’s achievements made in 2024:
– January 2024: Publication of updated Sustainable Finance Framework; Publication of the Sustainable Instruments
Framework which expands Deutsche Bank’s Green Financing Framework by two social asset categories
– June 2024: Published the Green Financing Instruments Report for 2023 including allocation reporting and impact
reporting on Deutsche Bank’s Green Asset Pool and Liabilities
– July 2024: Issuance of Deutsche Bank’s inaugural € 500 million social bond
– November 2024: Publication of Deutsche Bank ESG Investments Framework

219

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Governance
ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework, introduced in 2020 and updated in 2024, defines the methodology and
procedures for classifying transactions, specific financial products and services offered by Deutsche Bank as sustainable.
The framework specifies the classification logic, the eligibility parameter criteria, the applicable environmental and social
due diligence requirements, the verification and monitoring process and is complemented by other policies, providing
additional information on specific topics. It applies to Deutsche Bank Group globally and is binding in all locations globally
and irrespective of Deutsche Bank’s legal form in certain locations unless stated otherwise in the framework. It is essential
for target-setting, decision-making, enforcement and credibility with stakeholders.
The Sustainable Finance Framework update published in February 2024 reflects market insights gathered since the initial
publication. The update includes more detailed information on individual environmental and social sustainable finance
activities and refines eligibility criteria for sustainable finance based on evolving regulations.
The sustainable finance validation process is illustrated in the scheme below. Only after Group Sustainability has classified
a deal as compliant with the Sustainable Finance Framework, the transaction can be reported by Finance and counted
toward the bank’s € 500 billion sustainable financing and ESG investments target.

220

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

221

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

In the Corporate Bank and the Investment Bank, the validation against the framework is conducted on a deal-by-deal basis
and according to a 6-eyes-principle. The validation statistics for Corporate Bank and Investment Bank are presented in the
following table.
Transactions assessed under the Sustainable Finance Framework (Corporate Bank and Investment Bank)
Number of transactions on which final decisions have been made
Thereof approved
Parameter 1 - Use of proceeds
Parameter 2 - Company profile
Parameter 3 - Sustainability-linked products
Thereof declined
Thereof referred to the respective committees
Thereof approved1
Thereof declined
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

1,219
1,076
765
121
190
140
3
3
0

831
711
482
107
122
116
4
3
1

The approvals in 2024 apply to three different companies and are not based on individual transactions. Companies have been approved by the Group’s Sustainability
Committee

For the Private Bank, the validation against the framework is conducted on a program basis as well as on a deal-by-deal
basis, if applicable. Programs are regularly reviewed and monitored through Deutsche Bank’s internal control system.
The contribution to the sustainable finance volume financed or facilitated by Deutsche Bank is calculated and reported
based on established industry practices for measuring performance within the categories of financing, bond issuance,
market making and investments, including Deutsche Bank pension plan assets. For financing and bond issuance, the
reporting is based on the flow of new business in the reporting period and cumulated since 2020. The reporting
methodology takes the origination role view, which does not necessarily correlate to Deutsche Bank’s balance sheet
commitment. The bank’s apportioned sustainable finance volume is determined based on its role in the transaction. For
the arranger roles, the bank’s sustainable finance volume is calculated by dividing the overall deal notional value by the
number of total mandated lead arrangers, lead arrangers or arrangers depending on the highest role performed by the
bank. If Deutsche Bank does not have any of these roles, the bank’s apportioned loan value in the deal is counted toward
the sustainable finance target. For market making, the reporting is based on the annual average volume of the eligible
bond inventory. For investments, the reporting is based on the stock fair value of assets under management and pension
plan assets at period end.
The Sustainable Finance Governance Forum supports the decision making of those conducting transactions and
performing validations under the framework and is part of the bank’s overall sustainability governance. The forum is chaired
by the Head of Group Sustainability. The forum's members are tasked with the interpretation and methods of applying the
Sustainable Finance Framework's definitions and product classifications.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank also published its ESG Investments Framework which sets out criteria and evaluation processes to
report investments as ESG in the context of Deutsche Bank’s sustainable finance and ESG investment target. The ESG
Investments Framework complements the bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework. The purpose is to have a consistent
methodology in place for the classification of financial instruments and managed portfolios to be reported as Assets under
Management under the bank’s target. It covers financial instruments held on behalf of Private Bank’s clients and the bank’s
Discretionary Portfolio Management business. In addition, the framework covers Deutsche Bank’s pension plan
management.
Asset Management (DWS) is not in scope of Deutsche Bank’s ESG Investments Framework as DWS sets its own
sustainability strategy and follows DWS specific policies in relation to environmental and social matters.
In instances in which Private Bank distributes investment products qualifying as Assets under Management which are
managed by DWS these are reported as Assets under Management for Private Bank as well as for Asset Management (DWS)
because they are two distinct, independent qualifying services.

222

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Training and awareness
ESRS 2 MDR-A
Deutsche Bank aims to develop expertise on sustainability topics across all its employees, in particular by building
awareness and engagement. The bank believes it is vital that everyone understands the financial implications of
sustainability topics and is aware of the steps governments and regulators are taking to address these challenges and how
they will impact business and clients. The Chief Sustainability Office plays a key role in reinforcing the businesses’
awareness of the bank’s sustainability strategy. In 2024, the bank conducted training for the relevant business divisions
(Corporate Bank and Investment Bank) to explain the changes and advancements in the updated Sustainable Finance
Framework. This training has been integrated into the bank’s internal training platform, accessible to all employees within
the bank. In addition, the businesses set up the following division specific sustainability training programs in 2024:
– Corporate Bank provided sector-specific deep dives with focus on high-emitting sectors; furthermore, a dedicated
sustainability training course was conducted for all client-facing staff, covering e.g., Deutsche Bank’s sustainability
strategy, an overview of the regulatory landscape, Deutsche Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework, the importance
and impact of sustainability on corporate clients and on the client–bank relationship as well as an overview of the
sustainable finance product offering and how to support clients on their journey toward more sustainable business
practices
– Investment Bank’s Fixed Income & Currencies continued to provide training for all Fixed Income & Currencies staff
covering key aspects of sustainability, including Sustainable Finance Framework training, transition and net-zero
training, climate risk (including nature risk) training and updated policy trainings (including Ocean-related
Environmental & Social Due Diligence and climate risk assessment)
– Investment Bank’s Origination and Advisory offered training on sustainability, such as sustainability in capital markets,
private markets and Mergers & Acquisitions, as well as aspects of sustainable finance such as transition pathways,
climate risk and regulation; additionally, Origination and Advisory staff was trained on nature and physical risk in
connection with credit risk-related enhanced due diligence requirements at the transaction origination stage
– Private Bank offered training for its employees on sustainability issues aimed at meeting the sustainability preferences
of its clients and ensuring that Private Bank’s products and services align with sustainability specific requirements;
training also covered regulatory mandates and is reinforced through focused campaigns and networking opportunities;
for example, the “ESG Ambassador” network intensified its activities during 2024 in Wealth Management Germany with
over 30 regional team meetings on ESG; in addition, the "Sustainability in Sales" dialogue format was expanded to
include dedicated management workshops and more than 50 webinars on the sales implementation of sustainability
initiatives, with specific focus on energy efficiency renovations
– For Asset Management, DWS provided a comprehensive ESG Education Framework which is a holistic framework of
recorded presentations and written training materials on key ESG topics that are relevant to the financial services
industry and DWS; in addition, DWS provided a platform for Certified Environmental Social Governance Analyst
certification; as of December 31, 2024, DWS had 381 active employees who are Certified Environmental, Social and
Governance Analysts

223

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Progress toward target
ESRS 2 MDR-T, ESRS E1-4
Deutsche Bank has integrated sustainable financing and ESG investment targets into its strategic planning since 2020.
The bank’s approach is characterized by granularity, near-term focus, transparency and measurability, with targets broken
down by business over a multi-year planning horizon. Progress against these targets is reported and shared with relevant
stakeholders on a quarterly and annual basis, ensuring accountability. The bank’s reporting is three-dimensional, extending
to business and sub-business levels, by area of impact and client dimension. The reporting is tied to recognized external
reference points, notably the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals. This in-depth approach to financial
planning, steering and reporting underscores Deutsche Bank’s commitment to its sustainable financing and ESG
investment target of € 500 billion.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank achieved a cumulative sustainable financing and ESG investments volume of € 373 billion
(excluding Asset Management (DWS)). This volume includes financing, bond issuance, market making and investments as
well as Deutsche Bank pension plan assets, which have been facilitated since January 1, 2020. Pension plan assets are
reported as part of the sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes since the third quarter of 2024 in the Corporate
& Other division. Furthermore, since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its
sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in the Investment Bank.
In addition, Asset Management (DWS) reported ESG assets under management of € 163 billion in 2024, an increase of
€ 29 billion compared to 2023.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank achieved an incremental sustainable financing and ESG investments volume of € 93 billion,
compared to incremental € 64 billion in 2023 (excluding Asset Management (DWS)) driven primarily by strong primary
issuance activity reflecting favorable conditions in global capital markets. Despite continuous macroeconomic and
geopolitical uncertainty, as well as a high interest rate environment, incremental Financing volumes in 2024 were higher
compared to 2023 volumes. For Private Bank’s Assets under Management, incremental volume growth primarily reflects
positive market development across the investment products as well as an increase in new business volumes in
Discretionary Portfolio Management, while prior year benefitted from higher conversion of products into ESG investment
products.
The contributions of Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, including Fixed Income and Currencies and Origination and
Advisory, Private Bank and Corporate & Other are summarized in the tables below. Further details on the progress of
individual businesses are provided in their respective chapters. Selected highlights aim to illustrate Deutsche Bank’s global
impact in the area of sustainable finance across its different divisions and products.
Sustainable financing and ESG investments – cumulative volumes per business
Dec 31, 2024
in € bn.

1

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Fixed Income and Currencies
Origination and Advisory
Private Bank
Corporate & Other
Total

Financing

Issuance

Market making

70
71
61
10
15
0
156

0
153
47
106
0
0
153

0
1
1
0
0
0
1

2

Assets under
Management3

Pension plan
assets4

Total

0
0
0
0
53
0
53

0
0
0
0
0
10
10

70
224
109
116
68
10
373

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

Dec 31, 2023
in € bn.1

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Fixed Income and Currencies
Origination and Advisory
Private Bank
Corporate & Other
Total

Financing

Issuance

Market making2

Assets under
Management3

53
53
44
9
13
119

0
114
34
80
0
114

-

0
0
0
0
46
46

Pension plan
assets4

Total

-

53
167
78
89
59
279

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

224

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Deutsche Bank considers verifiable external reference points to be essential in its journey from ambition to environmental
impact and links its progress to recognized external frameworks, like the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.
Therefore, the bank continues to assess how its financing, issuance and market making activities contribute to 15
Sustainable Development Goals as defined in Deutsche Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework. Financing, issuance and
market making activities comprised € 77 billion of the total € 93 billion incremental 2024 volumes. The bank maps them
to the Sustainable Development Goals, whereby, in some cases, one transaction can be assigned to more than one goal as
some categories overlap with each other and are not clearly segregated.

1

Numbers may not add up due to rounding

225

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Corporate Bank
Overview
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 SBM-1
Corporate Bank is at the core of its clients’ day-to-day financial operations and leverages its global footprint and global
solutions as well as its local market expertise to drive change. As a transition partner, Corporate Bank supports clients
across sector value chains to achieve their strategic goals with a comprehensive sustainable finance enabled treasury tool
kit. Corporate Bank continuously adapts its sector-aligned sustainability capabilities to meet evolving client needs and
accelerate growth.
Corporate Bank serves the entire corporate client universe with multinational corporations and a targeted proposition in
the MidCorp and Business Banking client segment. Through a global network of ESG champions across coverage and
product, Corporate Bank is supporting its clients with expertise and a comprehensive suite of sustainable finance solutions.
The Corporate Bank Sustainable Finance Client Solutions team contributes industry-specific sustainable finance expertise
and supports client engagement globally, provides thought leadership on key sustainable finance themes, leads external
and internal stakeholder engagement, develops materials and trainings, and drives the implementation of Corporate
Bank’s sustainable finance strategy. The Global Head of Sustainable Finance Corporate Bank, drives the sustainable
finance strategy for the franchise and is a member of the Corporate Bank executive committee.
Corporate Bank enables the renewables and infrastructure build-out through its asset and project finance capabilities for
emerging energy transformation sectors such as hydrogen, energy storage solutions, and the build-out of financing
capabilities in the Asset-as-a-Service field in driving energy efficiency transformation. Corporate Bank aims to be the ESG
bank for the German ‘Mittelstand’ and family-owned businesses and offers its clients a wide range of sustainable finance
and beyond banking solutions, that are expanded continuously to meet client needs.
Corporate Bank offers a comprehensive suite of sustainable finance products and services:
– Corporate Bank’s Strategic Corporate Lending business focuses on providing financing to predominantly multinational
corporate clients; the portfolio includes sustainability-linked revolving credit facilities with clients' linking their
sustainability strategy to their financing; Strategic Corporate Lending contributed a total of € 7 billion towards
Corporate Bank’s sustainable finance volumes in 2024
– Corporate Bank’s Trade Finance & Lending (TF&L) business is offering a variety of on- and off-balance sheet sustainable
finance products, ranging from sustainability-linked credit and documentary trade facilities, supply chain solutions and
guarantees to green loans, long-term infrastructure financing and project finance; across its various sub-products, TF&L
contributed a total of € 10 billion towards Corporate Bank’s sustainable finance volumes in 2024
– Corporate Bank’s Community Development Finance Group in the United States of America supports the creation and
preservation of affordable housing for low- and moderate-income communities, small businesses with limited access
to capital, and investments in funds seeking to generate positive social impact; the business unit contributed a total of
€ 9 million towards Corporate Bank’s sustainable finance volumes in 2024

Contribution toward Group-wide target
Sustainable financing and ESG investments – Corporate Bank (cumulative volumes)
in € bn.1

Financing
Issuance
Market making2
Assets under Management3
Pension plan assets4
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Contribution in
2024

Dec 31, 2023

70
0
0
0
0
70

17
0
0
0
0
17

53
0
0
53

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

Corporate Bank’s cumulated sustainable financing totaled € 70 billion at year-end 2024. Incremental financing volumes in
2024 amounted to € 17 billion, all of which were loans and facilities, compared to € 14 billion in the prior year. Of these
€ 17 billion, € 10 billion were sustainability-linked corporate loans and facilities. Despite continuous macroeconomic and
geopolitical uncertainty, Corporate Bank increased its sustainable financing volumes year-on-year. This growth reflects
Deutsche Bank’s commitment to support its clients transition to more sustainable business models and to achieve their
strategic goals.

226

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Highlights
Corporate Bank facilitated a broad range of sustainable finance transactions in 2024 that underscore its position as a
strategic transition partner for its clients. Selected highlights include:

Deutsche Bank provided a € 209 million debt and bank guarantee facility for the Goorambat East Solar Farm in Australia,
supporting the development of a 250 megawatt solar farm which is being developed by Engie ANZ. Deutsche Bank acted
as initial financer, bank guarantee facility provider, and hedge provider on this transaction. The project will generate
electricity to power approximately 105,000 homes in Victoria, significantly enhancing the state’s energy security.

Deutsche Bank facilitated € 500 million export credit agency covered loans for Salzgitter Group. Serving as the sole
sustainability coordinator, joint mandated lead arranger and lender, enabled the Group’s transformation toward green
steel manufacturing and will contribute to a 1% reduction in Germany’s aggregated CO₂ emissions on completion.

Deutsche Bank provided two syndicated sustainability-linked guarantee facilities for Siemens Energy of € 12 billion in total
(Deutsche Bank’s combined final hold of € 1 billion). Deutsche Bank acted as sole coordinator, bookrunner and jointunderwriter. This transaction represents the largest syndicated guarantee facility in the market to date, underscoring
Siemens Energy’s commitment to maintaining its leadership role in the global energy transition.

Deutsche Bank acted as senior mandated lead arranger and hedging bank for a € 4 billion project financing for Stegra’s
(formerly H2 Green Steel) green steel plant in Sweden. This project represents a significant milestone in the
decarbonization of hard-to-abate industries. Stegra aims to reduce up to 95% of CO₂ emissions compared to conventional
steel manufacturing by using end-to-end digitalization, electricity from renewable sources and green hydrogen instead of
coal.

227

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Investment Bank
Fixed Income and Currencies
Overview
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 SBM-1
Fixed Income and Currencies leverages its expertise in product innovation to structure, originate and distribute assets that
meet clients’ rapidly evolving sustainability needs. The four main objectives for Fixed Income and Currencies are to support
clients by connecting investors and issuers, to increase its sustainable lending, to support the client’s energy transition
journey and to innovate and expand its product range.
ESG in Fixed Income and Currencies is led by the Global Head of ESG and Sustainable Finance for Fixed Income and
Currencies whose responsibilities include oversight of ESG practices within Fixed Income and Currencies and for growing
the sustainable finance product suite, client engagement and strategy including the steering of the business activities to
achieve its decarbonization targets. The Head of ESG Solutions, Fixed Income and Currencies, who reports to the Global
Head of ESG and Sustainable Finance for Fixed Income and Currencies, is responsible for the ESG integration in the
businesses, interface with the group and business level control functions and supporting the clients with development of
green, social, sustainable and sustainability-linked transactions and other ESG themed fixed income products.
In addition to these key roles, ESG Fixed Income and Currencies is supported by a group of core ESG and Sustainable
Finance subject matter experts who partner with the ESG Fixed Income and Currencies Solutions team. These positions
are further supported by a network of ESG champions in each of the respective Fixed Income and Currencies business
areas.
Incremental 2024 sustainable finance volumes in the Global Financing and Credit Trading business totaled € 15 billion.
The growth has continued from 2023 onwards, showing an increase in Sustainability-Linked deals for Financial Service
providers and in renewable energy use of proceeds transactions.
The Rates business provides risk management solutions for sustainable bonds and loans issuers. It also issues and invests
in affordable housing and senior care home loans and bonds in the United States. In 2024, Rates contributed € 13 billion
toward Deutsche Bank’s sustainable financing and ESG investments volumes. Key driver for volumes was from European
social housing, in line with Deutsche Bank’s Sustainability Deep Dive ambition to expand in this market. Rates also
facilitated 31 structured green bonds and notes in 2024.
The Global Emerging Markets business has a strong footprint in developing novel sustainability solutions by structuring
and executing innovative and award-winning sustainability-linked financing and risk management solutions for its global
client base. Overall, Global Emerging Markets franchise contributed € 3 billion in 2024 toward the bank’s sustainable
financing and ESG investments volumes.
The Global Foreign Exchange business has been a pioneer in sustainability-linked derivatives, structuring innovative
solutions to answer the needs and requirements of the clients. Deutsche Bank aims to continue to innovate in this space
by helping its clients align their sustainability strategy with their hedging strategies.
Contribution toward Group-wide target
Sustainable financing and ESG investments – Fixed Income and Currencies (cumulative volumes)
in € bn.1

Financing
Issuance
Market making2
Assets under Management3
Pension plan assets4
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Contribution in
2024

Dec 31, 2023

61
47
1
0
0
109

17
13
1
0
0
31

44
34
0
78

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

228

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

At year-end 2024, Fixed Income and Currencies had € 109 billion in cumulative sustainable financing volumes. In 2024,
Fixed Income and Currencies contributed incremental € 31 billion in sustainable financing volumes compared to
€ 20 billion in 2023. Since the fourth quarter of 2024, Investment Bank reports its market making activities as part of its
sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes. The reporting of the market making activities is based on the annual
average volume of the eligible Development Financial Institution bond inventory. 2024 saw the mix of Sustainable Finance
volume contributions shift compared to 2023 with a relative reduction in digital infrastructure assets but significant
increase in financial services (Sustainability-linked Loan, Fund Financing, SME on-lending to name a few) leading to an
increase compared to 2023. A high interest rate environment was also constraining new lending and refinancing in the
market. In 2024, Fixed Income and Currencies had € 415 million of sustainable securitization contributing to the Group’s
sustainable finance target. Of these € 415 million, 86% were externally verified by receiving an ICMA classification, a
second party opinion or both. Fixed Income and Currencies contributed € 2 billion in 2024 towards sustainability-linked
corporate loans.
Highlights

UPP Group Holdings Ltd: Deutsche Bank acted as Sole Lender in a 3-year, € 130 million Sustainability-Linked Loan
featuring carbon reduction, water consumption reduction and increased biodiversity net gain KPIs based on annual targets
with a variable margin (discount/penalty). UPP is the largest provider of on-campus residential and academic
accommodation in the U.K. Financing proceeds will be used for new investments in student accommodation assets, letters
of credit for assets in construction, working capital and general corporate purposes. This is one of the first known
Sustainability-Linked Loans in the U.K. with a KPI on the nascent U.K. regulation on Biodiversity Net Gain.

Redaptive: Deutsche Bank arranged for a € 117 million upsize for Redaptive, following the structuring of and underwriting
of € 117 million initial commitment in July 2023. Redaptive is a leading efficiency as a service provider that funds and
installs energy saving and energy generating equipment. Redaptive’s programs help many of the world’s most
sophisticated organizations reduce energy waste, optimize cost, lower carbon emissions and meet their sustainability goals
across their entire real estate portfolios.

Health and Happiness International (H&H): Investment Bank FIC served as Mandated Lead Arranger, Underwriter and
Bookrunner for a € 505 million Sustainability-Linked Loan for global nutrition and wellness company Health and Happiness
International (H&H) to strengthen its ESG credentials by driving sustainability in its supply chain. The KPIs structured by
Deutsche Bank were developed in line with the Science Based Targets Initiates (SBTi) linking the financing to H&H meeting
criteria in the areas of renewable electricity, sustainable packaging and supplier engagement.

QUARTERBACK: Deutsche Bank was the sole lender providing a revolving acquisition facility € 125 million for ready-tobuild solar panel projects. QUARTERBACK Immobilien AG (“Quarterback”), an experienced sponsor, headquartered in
Germany, with more than 30 years of track record in real estate development, has recently expanded into the renewable
sector. The transaction supports Quarterback to acquire projects with energy production potential of up to 2GW, drives
development in the German renewable energy sector.

229

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Origination and Advisory
Overview
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-T, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 SBM-1
Origination and Advisory seeks to support clients holistically on both sustainable finance and the impact of broader
environmental, social and governance issues on their strategic and financial priorities. Origination and Advisory aspires to
be a trusted partner for clients in navigating their sustainability journey, including evolving regulation, market
developments, and investor preferences, and acts as a partner in clients’ commitments to ensure a resilient and sustainable
future.
In 2024 Origination and Advisory broadened its focus to the division’s ESG operations by establishing a dedicated team for
ESG Strategy and ESG Transformation. These operational developments further support the business across products,
regions, and sectors, to deliver added value to clients’ sustainable finance and transition needs.
Delivering on clients’ sustainable finance needs requires supporting access to capital for ESG-labelled debt across
environmental and transition finance dimensions, and social aspects. Specifically, Origination and Advisory had a strong
track record in 2024 of assisting clients’ access to capital for social-labelled issuances. Further, Origination and Advisory’s
ESG Solutions team contributed to the creation of Deutsche Bank’s Sustainable Instruments Framework.
Origination and Advisory’s ESG thought leadership is a meaningful way of acting on its sustainable finance strategy by
engaging with client and investor groups alike. Over the course of 2024, the business participated in International Capital
Markets Association’s Impact Disclosure Task Force, with an objective to facilitate capital flows to bridge the largest UN
SDG gaps. Origination and Advisory facilitated discussions on sustainability at the European Leveraged Finance
Conference, Climate and Security Conference during London Climate Week, and Deutsche Bank’s Aircraft Finance and
Leasing conferences in the U.S. Further, Origination and Advisory organized its third Financial Institutions Group investorissuer virtual event in Europe. Finally, the division co-hosted a series of events over the course of New York Climate Week.
In 2024, Origination and Advisory helped raise € 25 billion of sustainable debt volumes, globally. Deutsche Bank partnered
with global corporates, financial institutions, and public sector clients in supporting them with their sustainable finance
transactions such as inaugural ESG-labelled bond issuances and ESG loan transactions.
In investment grade debt, Deutsche Bank supported clients with the issuance of ESG-labelled bonds. On a combined 2023
and 2024 fee league table basis, Deutsche Bank ranked # 1 in DACH with 7% market share, and # 6 in EMEA with 4.2%
market share, across all debt products excluding investment grade Loans.
Contribution toward Group-wide target
Sustainable financing and ESG investments – Origination and Advisory (cumulative volumes)
in € bn.1

Financing
Issuance
Market making2
Assets under Management3
Pension plan assets4
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Contribution in
2024

Dec 31, 2023

10
106
0
0
0
116

1
26
0
0
0
27

9
80
0
89

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

At year-end 2024, Origination and Advisory’s sustainable financing and investments volumes stood cumulatively at
€ 116 billion, of which € 27 billion incremental volumes reported in 2024. Origination and Advisory’s sustainable financing
volumes were driven by strong primary issuance activity reflecting favorable conditions in global capital markets.

230

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Highlights

KfW: Deutsche Bank acted as joint Lead Manager on KfW’s € 3 billion 5-year green bond. KfW will use an amount equal to
the bond proceeds to finance new Eligible Green Projects according to the “Green Bonds, made by KfW” framework, which
has received a Second Opinion by Morningstar Sustainalytics.

TUI: Deutsche Bank acted as Lead Global Coordinator, Physical Bookrunner (B&D), and Joint ESG Coordinator on TUI’s
€ 500 million debut Sustainability Linked Senior Notes. The transaction is based on TUI’s new Sustainability-Linked Finance
Framework which sets out concrete emissions reduction targets for TUI’s airline activities.

Continuum: Deutsche Bank acted as Sole Left Lead, Ratings Advisor, and Green Structuring Agent on Continuum’s
€ 607 million Senior Secured Green Notes issuance. This was the fourth consecutive capital market transaction for the
company which was left led by DB. SPO with a Dark Green rating was provided by S&P Global Ratings.

Republic of Colombia: Deutsche Bank acted as Joint Bookrunner on the Republic of Colombia’s € 1.2 billion re-opening
Social USD Notes due 2035 and 2053. Under its Green, Social and Sustainable Bond Framework, Colombia finances or
refinances bonds, focusing particularly on socio-economic advancement and reduction of inequalities, education,
peacebuilding, employment generation and promotion of productivity, affordable housing, access to basic services, food,
and nutrition security as well as health services.

231

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Private Bank
In 2024 Private Bank reshaped its business along two core client sectors, Personal Banking and Wealth Management &
Private Banking, reinforcing its long-term dedication to a customer-centric strategy. As a result, the Private Bank aims to
provide its clients with responsible banking and wants to be their trusted partner. It provides differentiated sustainability
advice and a broad range of financial services for private and personal banking clients, wealthy individuals, entrepreneurs
and family associations as well as business clients in selected countries.

Overview
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 SBM-1
Financing
The Private Bank offers dedicated sustainability lending and financing options for its clients. Lending volumes are reported
as sustainable only if they meet either the environmental or social criteria. In Germany, the Private Bank has continued, to
expand products and services across all brands facilitating homeowners to meet EU requirements on energy efficiency.
The Private Bank in Germany offers its customers a comprehensive sustainability product package through BHW
Bausparkasse AG (BHW AG), a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank. This includes a “climate loan” with special conditions as well
as other services, such as real estate agents, energy efficiency experts, funding services and craftsmen placement. With
its “Modernization made easy” advisory service, BHW is positioning itself as a platform for the decarbonization of the
construction financing portfolio in Germany.
In addition to lending options for German retail clients, the Private Bank offers its Wealth Management clients, sustainable
lending options for commercial real estate, prime residential real estate and for certain private investment vehicles held
by clients, investing for example in clean energy. The Private Bank also supports companies in achieving their sustainability
goals, for example through loans for electric vehicles and green mortgages for the purchase of houses with energy
efficiency classes in the top 15% of local markets, as well as through loans for micro-enterprises in India.
Investments
In line with the Group’s ESG Investments Framework, Private Bank applies the following approaches to investment
products.
Discretionary portfolio management uses MSCI data to exclude certain industries in accordance with the bank’s Group
ESG Investments Framework and the portfolios’ underlying securities must have a minimum MSCI ESG rating. In line with
regional regulatory requirements, discretionary portfolio management also includes attributes that align the instrument
selection within its mandates and wrapped funds to the regulatory defined sustainability characteristics. Discretionary
portfolio management offers sustainable solutions across the main regions and in 2024, sales efforts were also increased
by further extending the fixed income offering in response to client demand for the asset class. Also, the Strategic Asset
Allocation offering was extended in 2024 to private and personal banking clients in Germany.
Funds on Private Bank’s advisory list are assessed by Global Funds Research to assess if they meet minimum requirements
to be considered as an ESG fund. ESG funds must have a qualifying ESG strategy, meet a minimum MSCI ESG rating and
align to defined sustainability regulations within the applicable region. Additional and periodic due diligence is carried out
to determine the intentionality of the ESG strategy of the fund before it is actively promoted in advisory processes as ESG.
In 2024, the Global Funds Research team continued their efforts to assess ESG funds through active search for viable
offerings in sub asset classes. The number of ESG funds meeting the defined criteria on Private Bank’s recommended lists
remained almost unchanged at 55 mutual funds and 109 exchange-traded funds (2023: 56 mutual funds, 118 exchangetraded funds).
The classification of alternatives follows the defined minimum standards described above for funds with additional due
diligence carried out to determine the intentionality of the ESG strategy of the product before it is actively promoted in
advisory processes as ESG and included in the ESG AuM volumes. The second ESG alternative fund was offered in the third
quarter on clean energy transition for wealth management clients after the first ESG alternative fund was offered in 2023.
The ESG approach for capital markets instruments is to align with the International Capital Market Association’s (ICMA)
Green Bond Principles. Consequently, third party green-, social and sustainability-linked bonds offered to wealth
management clients are considered ESG instruments if they meet all four core components of ICMA, which are use of
proceeds, disclosure of the process for project evaluation and selection, the management of the proceeds and annual
reporting on allocations.

232

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Contribution toward Group-wide target
Sustainable financing and ESG investments – Private Bank (cumulative volumes)
in € bn.1

Financing
Issuance
Market making2
Assets under Management3
Pension plan assets4
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Contribution in
2024

Dec 31, 2023

15
0
0
53
0
68

2
0
0
7
0
9

13
0
46
59

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

Private Bank had a total of € 68 billion volumes in sustainable financing and ESG investments at year-end 2024,
contributing € 9 billion compared to € 12 billion in 2023. Incremental volume growth in Assets under Management
primarily reflects positive market development across the investment products as well as an increase in new business
volumes in Discretionary Portfolio Management, while prior year benefitted from higher conversion of products into ESG
investment products. Sustainable financing is predominantly driven by new sustainable lending deals and continuous
inflows from existing programs.

Highlights
The Private Bank in Germany launched the “Energy modernization” consulting universe, which provides customers,
interested parties and consultants with basic information, practical tips and guidance for investment expenditure,
indicative cost savings and potential funding via the “Modernization made easy” website. This also offers a postcode search
function for DENA and GIH-registered energy efficiency experts and a tipster agreement with the energy efficiency service
provider Fuchs & Eule at preferential terms, as well as a tradesman network for heating, window and door replacement,
including the option of placing contact requests with an appointment scheduling function directly from the website.

In cooperation with the European Investment Bank (EIB), Deutsche Bank, DSL and BHW offer a “green construction
financing” with an interest rate advantage of 20 basis points compared to the standard terms. This applies to the financing
of residential properties in Germany that are either newly built, purchased for the first time, or renovated in compliance
with certain energy efficiency requirements.
Micro enterprise loans in India enable Private Bank to offer products to small firms that would otherwise not receive
financing, with some loans backed by government schemes. Up to the end of 2024, 2,771 term loans and revolving credit
facilities with a total volume of € 361 million have been provided to micro and small enterprise clients.
Acknowledging the long-term importance of the strategic asset allocation on the risk and return profile of a client portfolio,
Deutsche Bank ESG Strategic Asset Allocation (“SAA”) fund offering was extended in 2024 to private and personal banking
clients in Germany. Following continued client demand in 2024, the Private Bank continued its sales efforts in the fixed
income space and complemented the offering with two new Euro fixed income funds.
In 2024, the Private Bank launched its second ESG alternative fund for wealth management which offers investments into
clean energy transition opportunities, recognizing the role of private market assets. The solution offered European retail
clients’ access to a private equity platform via the ELTIF structure and is a ESG dedicated solution in line with Deutsche
Bank’s ESG Investment Framework.

233

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Asset Management
Overview
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-T, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 SBM-1
With € 1 trillion of assets under management as of December 31, 2024, the asset management division, which operates
under the brand DWS, serves a diverse client base of retail and institutional investors worldwide, with a strong presence in
the bank’s home market in Germany. As a regulated asset manager, DWS acts as a fiduciary for clients and is conscious of
its societal impact. Responsible investing has been a key part of DWS’s heritage for more than twenty years.
ESG Assets under Management
Based on DWS’s global ESG Framework, the following products were considered as ESG Assets under Management (AuM)
as at the end of 2024:
– Liquid actively managed products: retail mutual funds which follow the “DWS ESG Investment Standard” filter, or have
a “sustainable investment objective” and U.S. mutual funds which have been labelled as ESG and seek to adhere to an
ESG investment strategy
– Xtrackers ETFs which apply a screen comparable to the “DWS ESG Investment Standard” filter, or which track indices
that comply with the EU Benchmark regulation on EU Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris-Aligned
Benchmarks, or have a “sustainable investment objective” and other liquid passively managed funds which have been
labelled as ESG and/or seek to adhere to an ESG investment strategy
– Liquid mandates or special funds for institutional clients or White Label products in-scope of the EU Sustainable Finance
Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) and that report pursuant to Article 8 SFDR which follow the “DWS ESG Investment
Standard” filter or a comparable ESG filter aligned with the client or which are in-scope of SFDR and report pursuant to
Article 9 SFDR
– Liquid mandates or special funds for institutional clients or White Label products which are out-of-scope of SFDR but
comply with certain of the “General Industry Standards and Guidelines for Sustainable Investing”
– Illiquid products which are in-scope of SFDR and that report pursuant to Article 9 SFDR
– Illiquid products which are out-of-scope of SFDR but which have a “sustainable investment objective”
Most of DWS´s European domiciled actively managed retail funds continue to apply one of two DWS ESG filters: “DWS
ESG Investment Standard” or “DWS Basic Exclusions”:
– The “DWS Basic Exclusions” filter represents DWS´s basic approach to incorporating certain exclusions in the
investment policy of the relevant fund; products applying this filter only are excluded from the 2024 ESG AuM number
– The “DWS ESG Investment Standard” filter enhances the exclusions in comparison to the “DWS Basic Exclusion” filter;
products applying this filter are included in the 2024 ESG AuM number
ESG Assets under Management (AuM)
in € bn.1

Total ESG AuM (according to the DWS ESG Framework)
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

163

133

Numbers may not add up due to rounding

The € 29 billion increase in ESG AuM was primarily driven by market movements and net flows. DWS reports ESG AuM to
provide transparency around the proportion of its investments that meet the DWS ESG definition. This was accompanied
by an ambition applicable during the reporting year of 2024 to continue to grow DWS ESG AuM through a combination of
flows into existing products, flows into new products and supporting the transfer by existing clients of their assets from
non-ESG products into ESG products.
Given the influence of market movements and other variables DWS did not set a specific quantitative target for this metric.
DWS will continue to monitor the external and regulatory environment in the context of its approach to reporting products
managed in relation to environmental, social or governance characteristics.

Liquid assets
In the Active business, sustainability risks and opportunities are considered at various steps of the respective investment
processes, such as in fundamental issuer analysis and portfolio management. ESG Integration policies or procedures apply
to specific sub-asset classes within the Active business. Given an individual portfolio’s investment policy and productspecific sustainability characteristics, sustainability risks are considered.

234

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

In the Active and Passive business, DWS´s Engagement Policy sets out how DWS as a fiduciary engage with investee
companies in the long-term interests of its clients. The policy is established by DWS Investment GmbH and considers
delegated engagement activities given to this entity from other EMEA entities part of DWS Group. It includes DWS´s
approach to engagement, the themes on which it engages, how it selects investee companies for engagement as well as
escalation strategies. Furthermore, the policy sets out roles and responsibilities of the engagement leads and Engagement
Council. DWS does not carry out engagements from DWS Investment Management Americas, Inc. (DIMA), DBX Advisors
LLC (DBX) and RREEF Americas L.L.C. (RREEF) nor DWS’s registered investment advisors based outside the U.S. who
provide services to U.S. accounts based on delegation from DIMA, DBX or RREEF (“DWS US”).
The DWS Corporate Governance and Proxy Voting Policy 2024 gives a general overview of circumstances that DWS
considers important when evaluating voting proposals when voting at shareholder meetings and contains DWS current
voting guidelines. The policy contains DWS´s principles and core values in relation to corporate governance – board
composition, executive remuneration, auditors and shareholder rights that are refined over the years and forms the basis
for this policy. DWS´s approach to voting on a wider range of environmental and social matters including climate-related
proposals is also covered in the policy.
It applies to voting activities in respect of equity holdings that DWS Investment GmbH may carry out as a fund
management company by law, as a financial service provider or where DWS Investment GmbH has been appointed by
other EMEA entities within DWS Group to perform these activities on their behalf.
For DWS´s U.S. legal entities, there is a separate proxy voting policy, the Proxy Voting Policy and Guidelines DWS Americas.
The policy is designed to ensure that proxies are voted in the best economic interest of DWS´s clients and in good faith
after appropriate review.
Proxy Voting and Engagements
For mandates and funds domiciled with DWS legal entities in Europe1 and Asia2 (submitted votes3)
Companies voted3
For mandates and funds domiciled with DWS legal entities in the U.S. (submitted votes)
Companies voted
AGM attendance questions sent to company boards for virtual/physical shareholder meetings for funds and
mandates domiciled in Europe1
Corporate engagements for funds and mandates domiciled in Europe1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

6,085
4,310
9,249
6,567

5,646
4,068
9,354
6,791

67
632

70
624

In line with the scope of the DWS Corporate Governance and Proxy Voting Policy
DWS Investment GmbH acts as a proxy advisor for the single DWS legal entities in Asia, for which DWS Investment GmbH provides voting recommendations and the
voting rights and voting execution lies with the respective Hong Kong and Japan entity
3
The number for 2023 included meetings where DWS’s votes were completely rejected. For 2024, DWS have removed the rejected meetings from the calculation
1
2

The DWS ESG Engine is a proprietary tool that produces the key output assessments, which are the basis for DWS’s ESG
investment strategies and for ESG integration and engagement activities. The ESG Engine collects data from various
sources including leading commercial ESG data vendors. For the asset classes where data are available, the data are
standardized and aggregated to yield ESG assessment scores and grades which are used by different functions within
DWS. The ESG Engine and Solutions team owns the validation of the results produced by the ESG Engine in regular update
cycles. The data are made available to research analysts and portfolio managers for liquid assets through the Aladdin
platform and provides support to research, investment decision making and for managing ESG strategies.

Illiquid assets
Real Estate
DWS Real Estate recognizes the importance of identifying, assessing and managing sustainability-related risks and
opportunities as an integral part of conducting business. DWS Real Estate focuses on the following ESG aspects, which
are material for real estate equity and/or debt investments: transitional (e.g., building’s energy efficiency), physical (e.g.,
flooding risk), social norms (e.g., wellbeing sustainability rating) and governance (e.g., third-party risk rating of a debt
sponsor). These ESG aspects can present both risks and opportunities for the financial performance of real estate assets
and investments may have positive and negative environmental and social effects. Therefore, DWS Real Estate takes a
fiduciary-led approach to ESG aspects and sustainability performance in private real estate investment management,
defining a range of operation between ESG and financial risk boundaries. The ESG risk boundary relates to risks where
appropriate actions to assess and manage ESG aspects, if not undertaken in good time, could result in negative impacts
on sustainability and long-term expected financial performance of the asset or portfolio. The financial risk boundary relates
to negative effects of inappropriate sustainability actions (e.g., actions that are ill-timed, or too extensive) on compliance
with the investment objectives.

235

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

DWS Real Estate has accordingly identified eight sustainability topics, which are most relevant for real estate investment
management and grouped them into the following four sustainability themes:
– Resilience, encompassing efficiency in construction and operation and asset adaptation to external conditions
including where related to climate change
– Wellbeing, encompassing physical and mental occupant comfort and air quality
– Nature, encompassing circularity in buildings and protection of ecosystems from pollution
– Community, encompassing housing affordability and stakeholder engagement
DWS Real Estate seeks to assess and verify sustainability performance on asset and portfolio level, as well as DWS’s asset
management processes utilizing well-established third-party ratings, certifications and benchmarks such as Energy Star,
BREEAM, LEED, CRREM, GRESB and PRI, as feasible and applicable. Sustainable building certifications offer a holistic
assessment and rating of real estate assets’ performance, sustainability topics relevant for real estate and captured in
sustainability themes. The investment process comprises three phases: research and strategy, portfolio planning and
execution. ESG aspects and sustainability performance are important elements of consideration in each phase, which
includes both risks and opportunities analyses. Sustainability due diligence is completed prior to acquisition and delivered
through two screening phases: initial and advanced screening, assessing, among other factors, the asset’s resilience to
both transitional and physical risks. The findings are presented to the investment committee and include found issues,
necessary actions and underwriting.
Following acquisition, asset and portfolio managers monitor sustainability performance not only to ensure proper risk
mitigation but also to actively seek opportunities to add value as part of ongoing business planning. For equity investments,
the annual asset sustainability action plan is based on achieved performance and consequent asset and portfolio risk
profile review, portfolio investment plan including asset holding period and portfolio sustainability strategy objectives.
Infrastructure
DWS seeks to incorporate environmental considerations into the infrastructure business investment framework at all
stages of the investment lifecycle for equity investments – from the initial screening and due diligence to the asset
management and exit stages. The infrastructure business engages with portfolio company management on ESG to discuss
DWS’s ESG objectives and reporting with respect to the portfolio company. A set of KPIs for each portfolio company is
identified, agreed and tracked regularly. During the holding period, DWS monitors environmental attributes such as carbon
footprint and water usage of the investments through the regular reporting of KPIs by portfolio companies and through
completion of the annual Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) Infrastructure benchmarking assessment
at both fund and asset level. Due diligence includes climate-related considerations and is incorporated into the Investment
Committee paper and presented to the Investment Committee for consideration.
The infrastructure business also produces an annual Sustainable and Responsible Investment report for investors in each
of its funds. This report addresses various ESG initiatives and performance for the fund’s underlying investments and in
2024 the report included information aligned with the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures
recommendations (TFCD) for each investment.
During 2024 DWS updated the Environmental and Social Management System (ESMS) under which the business operates
to reflect changes in the ESG environment and to strengthen procedures. The ESMS has also been updated to reflect
DWS’s obligations under the SFDR and investor requirements. It applies to potential and existing portfolio investments in
infrastructure equity. The ESMS also creates obligations on all portfolio companies to ensure regular engagement and
reporting on ESG matters, resulting in driving improvements in ESG metrics and performance and creating a framework for
regular reporting to DWS.
The Infrastructure Debt business uses a bespoke proprietary ESG scoring methodology, which has been rolled out to new
and existing investments since 2021. The methodology supports the overall investment process and ongoing monitoring
of environmental risks of the infrastructure debt portfolios among other ESG risks.
The infrastructure business ensures skills and competencies are maintained in accordance with the needs of DWS to
properly implement its ESG policies and operate its ESMS effectively through the implementation of its competency and
training matrix.

236

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Sustainable finance

Corporate & Other
Overview
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 SBM-1
Deutsche Bank is continuously striving to expand ESG integration across the bank. In 2024 the feasibility of implementing
ESG minimum criteria, in accordance with the bank’s ESG Investments Framework, for Deutsche Bank Group largest
pension plans.
As detailed in the ESG Investments Framework, minimum eligibility criteria need to be met for a pension plan to count
towards the bank’s sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes. Minimum eligibility criteria comprise both
quantitative and qualitative screening criteria aiming to organize the underlying investment into sectoral categories with
respective eligibility revenue threshold or criteria. Implementation of the eligibility criteria and the associated investment
process are subject to governance principles, outlined in Deutsche Bank’s ESG Investments Framework.
In the third quarter of 2024, ESG minimum criteria (in accordance with the bank’s ESG Investments Framework) were
successfully implemented in Deutsche Bank’s German pension plans, which are managed by DWS. These eligible pension
plans, hence, became part of Deutsche Bank’s sustainable finance volumes reporting and are included as the gross asset
volumes as of the reporting date.
More information on Deutsche Bank Group’s pension plans can be found in Deutsche Bank’s ESG Investments Framework.

Contribution toward Group-wide target
Sustainable financing and ESG investments – Corporate & Other (cumulative volumes)
in € bn.1

Financing
Issuance
Market making2
Assets under Management3
Pension plan assets4
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Contribution in
2024

Dec 31, 2023

0
0
0
0
10
10

0
0
0
0
10
10

-

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, the bank reports its market making activities as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in Investment Bank
Stock value at period end
4
Stock value at period end. Since the third quarter of 2024, the bank reports its pension plan assets as part of its sustainable financing and ESG investment volumes in its
Corporate & Other division
1
2
3

237

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

ESG due diligence
ESRS 2 GOV-4
Being a global bank supporting various sectors of the economy, Deutsche Bank can be potentially linked or exposed to
negative environmental, social and governance impacts and risks. Through continuous due diligence processes, Deutsche
Bank identifies, prevents, mitigates and manages these actual and potential negative impacts on the environment and
society as determined by the double materiality assessment and across the entire value chain. This includes actual and
potential reputational damage associated with client or supplier relationships.
Downstream due diligence processes are holistically managed through Deutsche Bank’s Environmental and Social Due
Diligence Framework and described in this chapter. The Environmental and Social Due Diligence Framework is further
complemented by governance due diligence processes described in the chapter “Governance” in the Sustainability
Statement. Due diligence processes regarding upstream activities are described in the “Supply chain management”
chapter. With regard to Deutsche Bank’s own operations, due diligence elements are stated in the chapters “Own
workforce” and “Client centricity” respectively.
The following table provides a mapping of how Deutsche Bank applies the core elements of due diligence and where they
are stated throughout this Sustainability Statement.
Statement on Due Diligence
Core Elements of Due Diligence
a) Embedding due diligence in governance,
strategy and business model

Annual Report – Sustainability Statement
General information
– Governance
– Double materiality assessment
– Sustainability strategy
b) Engaging with affected stakeholders in all key
General information
steps of the due diligence
– Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership
– Supply chain management
c) Identifying and assessing adverse impacts
General information
– Double materiality assessment
– ESG due diligence
d) Taking actions to address those adverse impacts General information
– Sustainability strategy
– ESG due diligence
– Supply chain management
Environmental information
– Climate change
Social information
– Own workforce
– Client centricity
Governance information
– Culture, integrity and conduct
– Anti-Financial crime
– Anti-competitive behavior
– Tax
– Public policy and regulation
– Data protection
– Information security
e) Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts and
General information
communicating
– Sustainability strategy
– ESG due diligence
– Supply chain management
Environmental information
– Climate change
Social information
– Own workforce
– Client centricity
Governance information
– Culture, integrity and conduct
– Anti-Financial crime
– Anti-competitive behavior
– Tax
– Public policy and regulation
– Data protection
– Information security

238

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Environmental and social due diligence
ESRS 2 MDR-P
The bank has committed itself to understand the environmental and social challenges and risks associated with a
transaction or client and has developed robust frameworks and systematic risk-based evaluation processes to manage
them. This helps the bank to prevent reputational risks and to engage with clients around environmental and social best
practices. Regarding environmental and social risks, the bank’s management process is summarized in the “Climate
change” chapter and in the “Environmental and social due diligence” sub-chapter of this “ESG due diligence” chapter
within this Sustainability Statement. Environmental criteria are biodiversity and nature; water resources; waste
management and pollution prevention; air quality; noise and vibration; and emergency response. Social criteria are human
rights which includes child and forced labor and modern slavery; occupational health and safety; health, safety and
security of communities; protection of vulnerable groups such as Indigenous People; land and resource rights; and cultural
heritage. The environmental and social due diligence requirements are embedded in the Sustainability Strategy
Implementation Policy, complementary supporting documents and sectoral guidelines and where reputational risk
considerations are identified, these are referred to the Reputational Risk Framework, as appropriate. Governance risk
includes counterparties with issues such as transparency and inclusiveness, or clients involved in bribery and corruption
scandals. Deutsche Bank addresses these concerns via different frameworks and processes including those relating to
reputational risk and anti-financial crime.

Governance
Reputational risk framework
ESRS 2 MDR-P
The purpose of the bank’s Reputational Risk Framework is to prevent damage to the bank’s reputation by stipulating the
process according to which Deutsche Bank makes decisions – in advance – on matters that may pose a reputational risk.
The framework provides consistent standards for the identification, assessment and management of reputational risks.
Reputational risks that may arise from a failure relating to another risk type, control, or process are managed separately by
means of the relevant risk framework and are therefore not discussed in this section.
All employees are responsible for identifying potential reputational risks and reporting them by means of the Unit
Reputational Risk Assessment Process (Unit RRAP). Through the Unit RRAP relevant stakeholders are consulted for input,
such as country management, key control functions and other second-line subject matter experts. The Unit RRAP is
chaired by a business division’s relevant senior manager and applies to all matters deemed to pose moderate or greater
reputational risk.
If a matter is considered to pose a material reputational risk and/or meets one of the bank’s mandatory referral criteria, it
is referred to the relevant Regional Reputational Risk Committee for further review. In exceptional circumstances, matters
are referred to the Group Reputational Risk Committee. This may be the case if a matter is declined by the Regional
Reputational Risk Committee and appealed by the business division, or if the Regional Reputational Risk Committee
cannot reach a two-thirds majority decision. The Head of NFRM is responsible for ensuring the oversight, governance and
coordination of the management of reputational risk of Deutsche Bank. Matters specific to Deutsche Bank`s Asset
Management division operated by DWS are reviewed by a DWS reputational risk committee and, if necessary, escalated to
the DWS Executive Board.
Matters assessed through the Reputational Risk Framework
Number of matters reviewed (on which final decisions have been made)
To Unit Reputational Risk Assessment Processes only
Thereof with ES issues
Thereof with gaming-related issues
Thereof with defense-related issues
To Regional Reputational Risk Committees
Thereof with ES issues
Thereof with gaming-related issues
Thereof with defense-related issues
To Group Reputational Risk Committee or above
Thereof with ES issues
Thereof with gaming-related issues
Thereof with defense-related issues
Total
Thereof with environmental and social issues
Thereof with gaming-related issues
Thereof with defense-related issues

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

72
4
2
4
25
2
3
1
4
1
0
1
101
7
5
6

71
6
1
4
31
1
7
4
4
2
0
0
106
9
8
8

239

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

The Reputational Risk Framework stipulates that certain matters, including those with a potential negative environmental
and social impact and those matters linked to the defense or gaming industry, must be reviewed by subject matter experts.
These matters are discussed in more detail in the sections below.

Environmental and social due diligence requirements
ESRS E1, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank’s environmental and social due diligence provisions are embedded in the Sustainability Strategy
Implementation Policy and complementary supporting documents and sectoral guidelines and where reputational risk
considerations are identified, these are referred to the Reputational Risk Framework, as appropriate. The environmental
and social due diligence requirements apply globally to lending and trade finance activities of Corporate Bank (excluding
specific SME lending, Institutional and Corporate Cash Management, TAS and Securities Services) and lending and capital
market activities of Investment Bank (excluding trading activities) as well as to Private Bank’s (excluding retail/consumer
lending and wealth management lending) commercial lending activities. A summary of Deutsche Bank’s environmental
and social requirements is documented in the Environmental and Social Due Diligence Framework (hereafter the
Framework).
The Framework defines roles and responsibilities for risk identification, assessment, decision-making and post-transaction
monitoring and specifies the requirements for environmental and social due diligence. Deutsche Bank applies a risk-based
approach and focuses its attention on sectors that it has defined as having an inherently elevated potential for negative
environmental and social impacts and associated reputational risks as per the below. The bank familiarizes its employees
with the requirements for referral of transactions and clients to the bank’s Group Sustainability function. Employees have
access to detailed sector-specific guidelines for the majority of sectors requiring referral to Group Sustainability. In
addition, environmental and social issues deemed to pose at least a moderate reputational risk, are subject to the
reputational risk assessment process.
Deutsche Bank’s approach to environmental and social due diligence as laid out in the Sustainability Strategy
Implementation Policy and the sectoral guidelines is guided by the following international standards and principles that
include:
– UN Global Compact
– OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and associated Responsible Business Conduct Standards for the
financial sector
– UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
– International Finance Corporation Performance Standards
– Equator Principles
Deutsche Bank participates in a variety of initiatives and working groups to enhance its knowledge of existing and emerging
issues and to inform its approach to environmental and social due diligence. Through its membership in the University of
Cambridge’s Sustainability Leadership’s Banking Environment Initiative, the bank continued to participate in the activities
around nature- and climate-related issues. Through 2024, Deutsche Bank continued to participate in a bank-specific
working group aimed at addressing risks and opportunities in the agricultural sector. The working group is convened by
the World Economic Forum’s Tropical Forest Alliance (TFA) finance sector engagement team.
The Sustainability Strategy Implementation Policy and the banks sectoral guidelines defines the following sectors and
activities as having an inherently elevated potential for negative environmental and social impacts and associated
reputational risks:
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

Metals and Mining
Oil and Gas
Thermal coal, including thermal coal mining and thermal coal fired power generation
Nuclear Power
Hydropower
Agricultural commodities and forestry
Fisheries and marine aquaculture
Maritime transport and infrastructure
Equator Principles relevant transactions, e.g., infrastructure projects
Other activities either with a high carbon intensity, impacting sensitive and protected locations, causing deforestation
and/or those that have the potential for human rights infringements

240

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Complementary internal provisions are established for the tobacco industry with a focus on electric cigarettes and
cannabis, as well as the defense, gaming and adult entertainment industries, which are considered to carry elevated levels
of inherent social and governance risk. These are currently not part of the environmental and social due diligence process
but are under the scope of the Reputational Risk Framework (refer to “Governance” section).
In 2024 discussions in defense focused on supply chain reliability and access to finance including engagement with the
European Commission and German politicians. Increased NGO activity driven by continued regional destabilization
focused on financial institutions’ relationships with the defense sector as well as the defense sector’s exposure to current
conflicts. For gaming the focus in 2024 was on responsible gaming and dealing with the challenge around increased
legalization of online gaming and sports betting. Specific due diligence requirements of the mentioned sectors are
summarized in the table entitled “Main positions and minimum standards of the environmental and social due diligence”
below.
The enhanced environmental and social due diligence requirements address sectoral issues as well as cross-sectoral issues
like biodiversity or social issues. The bank reviews the scope of sectors as well as the related due diligence requirements
annually or as events occur. It also observes prevailing sector-related environmental and social standards and industry
best practices in order to improve the understanding of environmental and social issues and, if necessary, adjust its
approach.
If clients’ express complaints on environmental and social matters, the processes described in the sub-chapter “Complaint
Management” of the chapter “Client centricity” within this Sustainability Statement would be applied and the
environmental and social due diligence process would be considered as appropriate to handle these.

241

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Main positions and minimum standards of environmental and social due diligence 1
Area

Enhanced due
diligence/norm
compliance2

Cross-sectoral
Human rights

Yes

Deforestation
World Heritage
Sites
Sectoral
Agricultural
commodities
and forestry

Yes
Yes

Fisheries and
marine
aquaculture

Yes

Maritime
transport and
infrastructure

Yes

Metals and
mining
Oil and gas

Yes

Thermal coal
power and
mining

Yes

Hydropower
Nuclear power

Yes
Yes

Tobacco

Yes

Defense/contro
versial weapons

Yes

Adult
entertainment

Yes

Gaming

Yes

Yes

Yes

Environmental and/or social principles applied

No engagement in business activities where the bank has substantiated evidence of material adverse human rights
impacts without appropriate mitigation, e.g. child and forced labor
No financing of any projects or activities that are directly linked to deforestation of primary tropical forests
No financing of activities within or in close proximity to World Heritage Sites, unless the respective government and
UNESCO agree that such activity will not adversely affect the site’s outstanding universal value
No financing of projects or activities located in or involving the clearing of primary tropical forests, involving illegal
logging or uncontrolled and/or illegal use of fire
No financing of projects or activities leading to conversion of HCVs into new plantations and peatlands
Mandatory requirement of Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) membership and RSPO certification, or a
timebound implementation plan for RSPO-certification by 2025 at the latest for palm oil clients
Expectations regarding membership and industry-relevant certifications as well as ES management schemes for
growers and primary processers, including public commitment to the No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation
standard
No financial services to clients where there is evidence of recurring material breaches of imposed fish catch limits
and non-compliance with existing laws and regulations
No financing/financial services should be provided to companies involved in unlicensed activities or activities that do
not now follow national regulation as a minimum, such as operating in marine aquacultures outside of country
Allocated Zones for Aquiculture (AZA) or legally protected areas that do not allow multiple uses; undertaking
unlicensed operations or the farming of invasive non-native species against national regulations; and the utilization
of banned chemicals, anti-microbials, or pesticides that result in non-compliance with national or applicable
international regulatory standards
Expectations regarding certification for fisheries; minimum requirement of a time-bound implementation plan for
Aquaculture Stewardship Council certification by 2025 at the latest
No financing of marine dredging that will have an impact on sensitive marine environments/critical habitats (e.g.
living coral reefs, mangroves, sea grass beds) and Ramsar sites, unless activities are undertaken for
environmental/social protection or enhancement (e.g. flood protection)
No financing of coastal and marine destination development in: designated protected areas that are categorized as
International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Type I, Ramsar sites, UNESCO Biosphere reserves, and critical
site-specific biodiversity
Contractual clauses, certification, and/or Port State Control requirements to ensure compliance with the applicable
ES conventions as defined by the United Nations and its specialized agencies, the International Maritime
Organization (IMO), and the International Labour Organization (ILO)
No direct financing of deep-sea mining projects
Enhanced ES due diligence requirements; potential exclusions based on outcome
No direct financing of new projects involving exploration, production, transport or processing of oil sands
No direct financing of new oil and gas projects in the Arctic region (as demarcated by the 10°C July isotherm
boundary)
No direct financing of oil and gas hydraulic fracturing projects in countries with ‘extremely high’ water stress
No financing of new and material expansion of existing thermal coal-fired power plants and thermal coal mining
projects or the associated infrastructure.
Exclusions for financing Mountain Top Removal mining
Scope of the policy effective as of May 2023 includes companies with a) a thermal coal revenue dependency of 30%
or above, b) an absolute thermal coal production of 10 megatons p.a. or above, or c) a thermal coal power capacity
of 10 gigawatts or above
For corporations within the scope of the policy: No financing if no credible diversification plans, including the
phasing-out of thermal coal by 2030 in OECD-countries and 2040 in non-OECD countries. Existing clients are
granted a grace period until 2025 to develop such transition plans
Enhanced ES due diligence requirements; potential exclusions based on outcome
Enhanced ES due diligence requirements; potential exclusions based on outcome and exclusion for certain
jurisdictions
Enhanced due diligence requirements with a focus on electric cigarettes and cannabis; potential exclusions based
on outcome
Enhanced due diligence requirements with exclusions including controversial weapons, conflict countries, private
military security companies, as well as civilian-use automatic and semi-automatic firearms and human-out-of-theloop weapon systems
Enhanced due diligence requirements; exclusion of any business directly associated with adult entertainment
(commercial enterprises related to the sale or purchase of sex-related services, ranging from individual workers in
prostitution to the pornographic entertainment industry), the associated branded products or services, or
prostitution
Enhanced due diligence required; exclusion of online gambling business-to-consumer operators with exposure to
markets where gambling is prohibited

The detailed Environmental and Social Due Diligence requirements are embedded in the Sustainability Strategy Implementation Policy and complementary supporting
documents and sectoral guidelines, except for E-cigarettes and Cannabis, Defense, Adult entertainment and Gaming which are covered by the relevant Reputational Risk
documents.
2
In addition to the cross-sector and sector-specific principles described above, Deutsche Bank’s enhanced environmental and social due diligence process includes, but is
not limited to, the following reviews: compliance with existing environmental and social laws and regulations; existence of robust governance structures and sufficient
capacity for managing Environmental and Social issues.
1

242

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS 2 MDR-A
To manage all types of environmental and social risks as effectively and efficiently as possible, Deutsche Bank’s actions
are focused at two levels towards implementing all requirements under the bank’s Sustainability Strategy Implementation
Policy. At the day-to-day level, this involves implementation of environmental and social requirements for transactions
and/or clients particularly in sectors with elevated environmental and social risk as internally defined, as well as conducting
robust due diligence. At a strategic level, to ensure that Deutsche Bank policies remain effective and aligned with the
evolving market best practices and also are robust enough to manage the ever changing environmental and social risks
faced by Financial Institutions, the Group Sustainability function within the Chief Sustainability Office is responsible for
designing standards and policies for environmental and social due diligence. To ensure the effectiveness of the guidelines,
training is also provided to relevant employees to reinforce their awareness and focus. Since 2022, the team is expanding
its presence and as of 2024 is based in Frankfurt, London, Singapore, Mumbai, New York and Washington.
Building up on the provisions in force since 2016 and tightened in 2020, Deutsche Bank updated its thermal coal guideline
in March 2023. This guideline applies to thermal coal power and mining clients. The bank tightened the criteria when a
company is deemed a thermal coal company and in scope of the guideline, as well as specified the requirements to be
applied to clients in scope of the updated guideline. For instance, the revenue threshold according to which a corporate
client is regarded to be a thermal coal company has been lowered from a revenue dependency of 50% to 30%. In addition,
new absolute thermal coal production thresholds of 10 megatons per year for thermal coal production and 10 gigawatts
for thermal coal power capacity have been introduced. For clients to access baseline funding, the bank requires credible
transition plans from companies in scope of the updated thermal coal guideline. Existing clients are required to present
such plans in 2025, while for new clients such plans are a precondition for any lending.
Throughout 2024, the bank also performed a portfolio review to identify and assess clients in-scope of the thermal coal
guideline The aim of this portfolio review was to establish an understanding of in-scope clients and their transition plans
by 2025. The results from the portfolio review support Deutsche Bank in its client engagements, particularly around the
development of credible transition plans where necessary.
Deutsche Bank has a dedicated Nature work stream which aims to broaden and improve the banks environmental and
social minimum positions around nature risks. In 2024, Deutsche Bank enhanced its due diligence requirements related to
ocean protection. This update is a continuation of its commitment to the #BackBlue initiative. Deutsche Bank became in
2023 the first bank to join #BackBlue – a commitment led by Deutsche Bank’s partner Ocean Risk and Resilience Action
Alliance (ORRAA) and backed by the United Nations. Under this initiative, Deutsche Bank aims at working on developing
financial solutions supporting ocean protection. The development of the new ocean protection due diligence requirements
has been guided by international frameworks such as the Sustainable Blue Economy Finance Principles hosted by the
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI). The key changes under the ocean-related guideline
update are:
– A new guideline on maritime transport and infrastructure which includes provisions to monitor compliance with the
environmental and social conventions of the United Nations and its specialized agencies International Maritime
Organization (IMO) and International Labour Organization (ILO)
– Exclusions and due diligence provisions to ensure stronger protection of sensitive marine areas and critical habitats
– Expansion of the already existing fisheries guideline to include new due diligence requirements for marine aquaculture
– Considering current gaps in regulation and science-based understanding of the impact of deep-sea mining, direct
finance of deep-sea mining projects has been prohibited
The work of nature workstream will continue in 2025 amongst others with focus on deforestation.

243

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Equator principles
ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank continues to remain an active member of The Equator Principles, which the bank adopted in July 2020. The
Equator Principles are an internationally recognized benchmark for determining, assessing and managing environmental
and social risks in project-related finance.
As a signatory to the Equator Principles, the bank applies the risk identification, assessment, management and reporting
requirements of the principles to in-scope project-related finance transactions. In line with Deutsche Bank’s environmental
and social due diligence requirements, the bank’s business units are initially responsible for identifying environmental and
social risks, determining if a transaction falls into the Equator Principles scope and gathering due diligence documentation.
To support business units, internal Equator Principles implementation guidance and trainings were developed which
specify the requirements for project categorization (A, B or C), due diligence and guidance on referral to Group
Sustainability. Group Sustainability is responsible for assisting business units in assessing environmental and social issues
and associated risks. For eligible projects, Group Sustainability either conducts an in-house review of project
documentation during due diligence and monitoring phases, or requests an independent external consultant for higherrisk projects, as required by the Equator Principles. The due diligence process and post-transactional monitoring involves
discussions of critical issues with clients and tracking of remediation actions. If the risks are deemed to pose a moderate
or material reputational risk, the transaction will follow the escalation process explained under the Reputational Risk
Framework section.
Deutsche Bank has been part of various Equator Principles working groups on issues such as biodiversity, maritime assets,
scope of application and governance with a view to contribute to the Equator Principles development and future progress.
As a signatory of the Equator Principles, Deutsche Bank is required to report on project-related transactions that were
assessed under the Equator Principles and achieved financial close during 2024. This information is included in the tables
below for the years 2023 and 2024.
Transactions assessed under the Equator Principles1
Dec 31, 2024
Project Finance
Advisory
Services

Sector
Mining
Infrastructure
Oil and Gas
Power
Others
Region
America
Europe, Middle East
and Africa
Asia Pacific
Country Designation
Designated Country
Non-Designated
Country
Independent Review
Yes
No
Total
1

Project Finance

Project-Related Corporate Loans

Category not
applicable

Category A

Category B

Category C

Category A

Category B

Category C

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a

1
0
1
1
0

0
1
2
3
0

0
5
0
2
2

0
1
0
0
0

0
1
0
0
2

0
4
0
3
0

n/a
n/a

1
1

2
1

4
4

0
1

0
3

1
6

n/a

1

3

1

0

0

0

n/a
n/a

3
0

6
0

9
0

0
1

2
1

1
6

n/a
n/a
n/a

3
0
3

5
1
6

2
7
9

1
0
1

0
3
3

0
7
7

Note that the figures of this table may also be included in the table “Transactions and clients reviewed under the environmental and social due diligence requirements
outlined in the Sustainability Strategy Implementation Policy and sectoral guidelines”, see the sub-chapter “Environmental and social due diligence requirements”. The
Equator Principles apply only to a limited number of transactions depending on the financial product, volume of transaction and in some cases if further criteria of
eligibility are met. Eligible transactions are reported if they have reached financial close. Project categorization follows the International Finance Corporation’s (IFC)
environmental and social categorization process. Category A – projects with potential significant adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are diverse,
irreversible, or unprecedented. Category B – projects with potential limited adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are few in number, generally sitespecific, largely reversible and readily addressed through mitigation measures. Category C – projects with minimal or no adverse environmental and social risks and/or
impacts

244

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Dec 31, 2023
Project
Finance
Advisory
Services

Project Finance

Project-Related Corporate Loans

Category not
applicable

Category A

Category B

Category C

Category A

Category B

Category C

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a

0
1
2
1
2

0
2
0
1
0

0
4
0
0
0

0
1
0
0
0

0
2
0
3
0

0
1
0
0
1

n/a
n/a

3
1

1
1

4
0

0
1

1
2

0
1

n/a

2

1

0

0

2

1

n/a
n/a

3
3

3
0

4
0

0
1

3
2

0
2

n/a
n/a
n/a

4
2
6

0
3
3

1
3
4

1
0
1

1
4
5

0
2
2

Sector
Mining
Infrastructure
Oil and Gas
Power
Others
Region
America
Europe, Middle East
and Africa
Asia Pacific
Country Designation
Designated Country
Non-Designated
Country
Independent Review
Yes
No
Total

As a signatory of the Equator Principles, Deutsche Bank is also required to disclose project name reporting as per the
disclosure conditions specified in Annex B of the Equator Principles IV. This information is included in the table below.
Details on transactions in scope of the Equator Principles that received client consent for disclosure
No

Project Name (as per the loan agreement/publicly recognized)

Project finance
1
Woodfibre LNG
2
Goorambat East Solar Farm
3
Golden Plains Stage 2 Wind Farm
4
Shallow Basket Energy, LLC
5
GPG Australia Renewable Portfolio
6
Kao Data
7
IP Construction II, LLC
8
UBS Asset management’s 1 GWh BESS Portfolio
Project-related corporate loans
9
Public lighting project with 100.000 streetlights
10
Salzgitter Group Green Steel Project

Sector

Host Country
Name/Project
Location

Calendar Year
of Financial
Close

Oil and Gas
Power
Power
Power
Power
Infrastructure
Other
Other

Canada
Australia
Australia
USA
Australia
UK
USA
USA

2024
2024
2024
2024
2024
2024
2024
2024

Power
Other

Senegal
Germany

2024
2024

Training and awareness
ESRS 2 MDR-P
Training is essential to raise the bank’s employees’ awareness and to enable them to better identify environmental and
social risks and opportunities and consequently assess and refer transactions to Group Sustainability. In 2024, 102
employees of the relevant business teams were trained (2023: 104). In addition, Deutsche Bank continued to offer training
on the bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework to all of the relevant front-office staff in its divisions (Corporate Bank,
Investment Bank and Private Bank) via the bank’s internal training platform “Learning Hub”. This training seeks to enable
the relevant staff to understand the Sustainable Finance Framework and to identify opportunities for clients to transition
to more sustainable and climate friendlier business models. The sessions also address environmental and social-related
exclusions and expectations and specify the requirements for environmental and social due diligence, including the criteria
for the mandatory referral of transactions and clients to the bank’s Group Sustainability function. Details are presented in
the sub-chapter “Training and awareness” of the “Sustainable finance” chapter within this Sustainability Statement.
In 2024, the bank also continued to provide awareness sessions and training to control functions and front-office teams to
reinforce their awareness of reputational risks around defense and gaming.

245

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
ESG due diligence

Metrics and targets
For Deutsche Bank, environmental and social due diligence is a continuous and ongoing process. To demonstrate the
bank’s risk management via implementation of the environmental and social due diligence requirements, Deutsche Bank
reports about its transactional reviews to demonstrate the performance and effectiveness of the bank’s polices rather than
establishing timebound targets.

Transactional reviews
ESRS 2 MDR-M
Group Sustainability is responsible for designing environmental and social standards and policies, including the
Sustainable Finance Framework and overseeing business adherence. As part of its oversight responsibility, Group
Sustainability conducts transactional and client reviews pursuant to the bank’s environmental and social due diligence
requirements and Sustainable Finance standards. For environmental and social due diligence, the number of reviews
initiated in 2024 rose by approximately 27% compared to 2023. The spike was mainly seen in the agricultural commodities
and forestry related transactions. This spike was primarily driven by the formalization of the referral process in the Trade
Finance business line coupled with onboarding of a new client in the agriculture sector, with whom multiple transactions
were conducted during the reporting period. Furthermore, the number of transactions listed as approved in the table below
demonstrates that these transactions have met the bank’s environmental and social due diligence requirements. The
overall review ratio, i.e., the ratio of reviewed transactions in sectors that meet internal referral criteria to total recorded
transactions in those sectors, stands at 33% (2023: 37.2%). The overall ratio is calculated on a best effort basis.
Transactions and clients reviewed under the Environmental and Social due diligence requirements outlined in the Sustainability
Strategy Implementation Policy and sectoral guidelines1
Number of transactions and clients by sector
Metals and mining
Oil and gas
Industrials and infrastructure2
Agricultural commodities and Forestry
Utilities
Chemicals
Other activities3
Total reviews initiated
Number of transactions and clients on which final decisions have been made
Thereof approved
Thereof declined
Thereof referred to the respective committees
Thereof approved
Thereof declined
1
2
3

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

180
90
266
244
104
10
31
925
817
794
15
8
8
0

200
93
217
69
100
11
38
728
636
615
12
9
9
0

Note that this table also includes the figures of the table “Transactions assessed under the Equator Principles”, see the section “Equator Principles”
Includes companies e.g., in engineering and equipment manufacturing, that are connected to sensitive sectors
Includes sectors with high carbon intensity or potential human rights infringements e.g., consumer goods, transportation, infrastructure, technology, commodity trading
and healthcare with exposure to sensitive sectors in the supply chain

An overview of transactions assessed under the Equator Principles can be found in the “Equator Principles” sub-chapter
of this “ESG due diligence” chapter within this Sustainability Statement. An overview of the deal classification reviews
under the Sustainable Finance Framework is presented in the table “Transactions assessed under the Sustainable Finance
Framework” in the “Governance” sub-chapter of the “Sustainable finance” chapter within this Sustainability Statement.

246

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Supply chain management

Supply chain management
The following chapter comprehensively discusses the subject of Supply Chain Management. As this subject is a significant
part of the bank’s entire organization and has exposure to a variety of ESRS requirements the chapter includes all material
disclosures pertaining to the cross-cutting standard ESRS 2, and the topical standard ESRS G1.
The way in which Deutsche Bank procures products and services has a significant influence on its sustainability footprint.
For this reason, Global Procurement plays a key role in delivering the bank’s supply chain related sustainability
commitments. Whilst individual divisions are accountable for the suppliers they select and the associated risk, the Global
Procurement function leads the selection of suppliers with an annual spend greater than or equal to € 500,000.
Part of the Global Procurement function, the Supply Chain Sustainability team focuses on promoting and embedding
sustainability within the bank’s upstream value chain. Its core objectives are aligned with the bank’s corporate strategy
which establishes transparency and accountability not only in corporate practices but also throughout the supplier
lifecycle process. This approach supports the bank’s commitment to sustainable procurement practices and enhances the
overall resilience of the supply chain.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Deutsche Bank’s management board has oversight of key supply chain sustainability initiatives and receives updates on
progress against established goals as required. The Chief Procurement Officer is tasked with integrating supply chain
sustainability into procurement practices while working closely with the Chief Sustainability Officer to align with Deutsche
Bank’s overall sustainability strategy.
Deutsche Bank has a Supply Chain Sustainability governance body to promote and integrate sustainable practices across
supplier lifecycle process, to ensure that sustainability considerations are balanced and aligned with the Deutsche Bank’s
purpose. This comprises experts across Global Procurement with the objective of fostering knowledge and best practice
to encourage adoption of responsible practices, enhancing transparency and traceability, and aligning supply chain efforts
with Deutsche Bank’s broader sustainability strategy and goals.
The Third-Party Environment, Social and Governance Oversight Forum provides leadership and guidance on third-party
sustainability risk related topics across the bank. The Forum comprises representatives from Non-Financial Risk
Management, Legal, Global Procurement and the Chief Sustainability Office and meets regularly to ensure an aligned
oversight and decision-making.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Deutsche Bank’s supply chain sustainability strategy focuses on integrating sustainability factors into the end-to-end
supplier lifecycle process. This aligns with the bank’s broader commitment to sustainability.
To underscore the bank’s commitment to sustainability and its responsiveness to evolving standards, Deutsche Bank
increased the ESG score threshold for suppliers with a volume greater than or equal € 500,000 per annum from 25 to 45
out of 100 on the EcoVadis scoring scale (or the equivalent score from other approved rating agencies – such as MSCI,
Sustainalytics, ISS, S&P, CDP) for its suppliers to enhance its focus on a structured and proactive approach to sustainability.
This was implemented in 2024 to encourage suppliers to attain enhanced standards of environmental, social and
governance performance, to support delivery of evolving best practices and regulations in sustainability and to drive
positive impact throughout the value chain.
In addition, the two material topics identified through the materiality assessment are integrated into Deutsche Bank’s
supply chain sustainability strategy as outlined in the following sub-chapter.

247

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Supply chain management

Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS G1-1, ESRS G1-2, ESRS G1-6, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS E1-4
The scope for managing material risks and opportunities of the upstream value chain is aligned to the boundaries and
criteria used by Global Procurement for supplier evaluation and monitoring, including a spend threshold as well as country,
and sector focus. The materiality assessment of upstream-related impacts, risks and opportunities is limited to the bank’s
direct suppliers.
Two material topics were identified as critical to the bank’s supply chain sustainability efforts:
– Climate change: Addressing and pursuing efforts to reduce or prevent emission of greenhouse gases throughout the
supply chain
– Business conduct: Management of relationships with suppliers including payment practices and information security

Policies and standards
Deutsche Bank group-wide (excl. DWS) Procurement Policy sets minimum requirements for the procurement of goods and
services from third party external suppliers. The Chief Procurement Officer is accountable for the implementation of the
policy which is reviewed at least annually and accessible to employees through the Policy Portal.
Deutsche Bank has a Supplier Code of Conduct and monitors supplier acknowledgements to the core values and standards
of behavior that Deutsche Bank expects its suppliers to conform to when providing goods and services. The Supplier Code
of Conduct lies within the responsibility of the Head of Procurement Enablement & Transformation. It explains the bank’s
expectations of suppliers on key thematic areas and continues to be updated to reflect evolving requirements such as
compliance and human rights.

Stakeholder engagement and collaboration
Delivering the bank’s sustainability objectives is achieved through cross-functional collaboration with internal
stakeholders as well as partnerships within the supply chain. The bank actively promotes sustainability in its supply chain
by providing training and awareness sessions on current and emerging sustainability topics. This ensures stakeholders are
well-informed about the key controls embedded in the supplier lifecycle process and their role in supporting Deutsche
Bank to achieve its sustainability goals. Furthermore, Deutsche Bank fosters collaboration with its strategic suppliers
through regular governance meetings aimed at encouraging cooperation on sustainability initiatives, facilitating open
communication and aligning goals between the bank and its suppliers.

Climate change
Decarbonization in the supply chain
As part of its ongoing commitment to reduce the environmental impact of suppliers, the bank is an active participant in
the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Supply Chain program, where members can engage with the suppliers to identify risks
and opportunities and share carbon emissions data. In 2023, Deutsche Bank published an Initial Transition Plan which
outlines what the bank’s overall approach to decarbonization looks like and the journey towards realizing net-zero. In 2024,
Deutsche Bank expanded the scope of suppliers asked to share CDP data from 240 in the previous year to 400 suppliers.
These represent 74% of the total supplier spend and are therefore critical in supporting Deutsche Bank realizing its netzero ambition.
While Deutsche Bank has not formally joined the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), Deutsche Bank has adopted SBTi
targets and as such, commits to a reduction in operational Scope 3 emission (excluding financed emission – Category 15)
of 46% by 2030 compared to the 2019 baseline, equivalent to 4.3% per year.

Business conduct
Supplier selection and contracting
Deutsche Bank places a significant emphasis on supplier selection and managing the relationships with suppliers that have
been selected to ensure efficient operations and compliance with regulatory standards.
ESG clauses are embedded into applicable contracts for suppliers in scope to acknowledge that environmental, social and
corporate governance is critical for Deutsche Bank in procuring the services and obligates them to maintain a valid external
sustainability assessment from an eligible rating agency as mentioned above, that meets or exceeds the minimum rating
score. Deutsche Bank aims to jointly collaborate with suppliers to implement corrective actions where required.

248

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Supply chain management

Risk assessment and screening of suppliers
Deutsche Bank conducts regular risk assessments of its suppliers, evaluating potential risks including sustainability and
information security. Contingency plans are in place to address potential disruption in the supply chain, ensuring continuity
of services and minimizing risks. In addition, third-party screening is performed irrespective of the materiality, inherent risk
and outsourcing classification of the service. Screening activities cover the financial stability and due diligence (Sanctions
and Embargoes, Internal Watch List, Adverse Media, Politically Exposed Persons) checks which enables Deutsche Bank to
gain insight into the Third Parties’ risk profile. If required, screening results are escalated to respective risk type control
function for further investigation.
Payment practices
Payment terms and conditions are clearly outlined in the contracts between Deutsche Bank and its suppliers in alignment
with governing laws on payment terms. Deutsche Bank contractual payment term standards for individual contracts aim
for 60 days for Europe and 90 days for the rest of the world. These standards typically apply to suppliers providing products
or services to the bank with a value greater than € 100,000 per annum. Other suppliers of DB, especially any EU
transactions in connection with general purchasing terms and conditions are paid on payment terms up to 30 days, unless
there is a contract in place stating otherwise. Where local jurisdictions require specific payment terms, Deutsche Bank acts
accordingly. Appropriate templates and processes are in place to procure that new suppliers are set up with correct
payment terms.

Information security
Dependency on third-party products and services can expose the bank to cyber risks and impact its risk posture, as these
can be prime targets for information security attacks. Third-party information security risks are managed by Deutsche Bank
through a combination of capabilities, implementing a comprehensive approach to mitigate these risks and cover
regulatory requirements (incl. the EU DORA regulation). Key components include the bank’s global third-party risk
management program, which is designed to identify, monitor, and mitigate risks associated with third-party engagements.
In combination, the bank demands adherence to an information security policy with specific control objectives for third
parties, which include security incident notification requirements. To ensure adherence, the information security posture
of the third parties is reevaluated on a periodic basis (defined by the criticality of the vendor). In response to specific threats
and incidents, proactive engagement and outreach with these parties is taking place. This is complemented by security
assessments, which also includes onsite assessments of third parties. These measures collectively contribute to the bank’s
oversight and support that third-party services align with the bank’s security requirements. Further information can be
found in the chapter “Information security” in this Sustainability Statement.

Metrics and targets
ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 MDR-T, ESRS G1-6
In 2024, Deutsche Bank established metrics and targets to assess and monitor supplier performance in relation to its
sustainability commitments as well as to drive performance improvements and communicate effectively with its
stakeholders.

ESG score target
To embed the commitments outlined above, the bank has integrated sustainability indicators into its executive
compensation framework. In 2024, Deutsche Bank’s Management Board approved the integration of a supplier-related
key performance indicator (KPI) into the annual performance evaluation and compensation packages for senior executives,
including the responsible Management Board member. This KPI measures the percentage of addressable spend with
suppliers who have an ESG score above 45 out of 100 based on EcoVadis points or an equivalent standard from other
rating agencies.
The supplier ESG score target was established with a strategic imperative to drive long-term success. It aims to identify
and mitigate risks associated with suppliers who have no or low ESG scores by implementing corrective measures to
improve their ratings. Furthermore, it fosters transparency and joint accountability on strategic sustainability goals by
setting measurable and achievable targets for both Deutsche Bank and its suppliers.
The ESG score target aims to drive improvements and embed sustainability performance of Deutsche Bank’s most strategic
suppliers, as identified through improvements in their performance rating. It focuses on suppliers prioritized and ranked
based on the highest addressable spend value with no ESG scores, using historical spend data and contracts expiring
between the fourth quarter in 2023 and the end of the financial year 2024.

249

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Supply chain management

The metric calculates the ratio of total addressable spend of suppliers with ESG scores above 45 EcoVadis points or
equivalent to the total addressable spend, with a baseline of 48%. The scope prioritizes proactive engagement on
sustainability with the top 25 suppliers that have the highest impact on the overall addressable supplier spend, ensuring
relevance and manageability in achieving meaningful improvements.
Deutsche Bank collects ESG score data from EcoVadis, along with other selected rating agencies into a centralized
repository, which is regularly reviewed. These insights are shared with the accountable board member who is the Chief
Operating Officer, to review progress and guide strategic decisions aimed at improving supplier sustainability
performance. Supplier ESG KPI is incorporated into bank’s sustainability strategy to ensure measurable progress. In 2024,
ESG score performance reached 61%, exceeding the financial year-end target by 3%.

Payment statistics
Metrics related to Deutsche Bank payment practices are based on full 2024 spend invoice data captured by the bank and
calculated form the invoice issue date.
2024 results and complementary information

ESRS G1-6
Payment practices

Average time to pay an invoice1
(number of days)
Percentage of payments paid according to agreed payment terms
Suppliers with < € 100,000 spend per annum (in %)2
Suppliers with > € 100,000 spend per annum:
Europe (in %)3
Rest of the world (in %)4

2024

32
70
91
78

Calculated from the invoice issue date for all suppliers
Suppliers providing services and products to Deutsche Bank with a value below € 100,000/annum are set to a payment term within 0-30 days from the invoice issue date
(unless contractually agreed otherwise). 93% of suppliers’ payment with < € 100,000 spend per annum are aligned with payment terms of 0-30 days
3
Standard payment terms for individual contracts from Europe aim for 60 days. 100% of suppliers’ payment with > € 100,000 spend per annum payment are aligned with
payment terms of <= 60 days
4
Standard contractual payment terms for suppliers from Rest of the World is payment within 90 days. Standard contractual payment terms are applicable for suppliers
providing goods and services with a value greater than € 100,000/annum
1
2

Supply chain management – Asset Management
Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
DWS has its own framework for supply chain management which is in line with Deutsche Bank’s requirements. Where not
specifically outlined, the same or equivalent governance applies. In DWS, this responsibility is embedded in the Third-Party
Management function.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
DWS´s sustainability strategy in procurement focuses on managing sustainability related risks. There are no formal public
commitments in this area.

Impact, risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS G1-1, ESRS G1-2, ESRS G1-6, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A
Risk assessment and screening of suppliers
DWS has developed a dedicated Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) framework also considering adverse environmental
and human rights impacts. The process of including all supplier category types into the TPRM framework is being rolled
out in stages.
DWS uses external data of ESG data providers (EcoVadis) or its proprietary data to determine the sustainability risk of third
parties based on sector and country risk rating. In addition, all third parties are subject to adverse media screening once a
year.
DWS prioritizes and scopes its engagement based on the supplier´s contract volume and supplier´s risk profile. DWS also
conducts appropriate reassessments of its existing corporate suppliers on an annual or ad hoc basis.

250

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

General information
Supply chain management

Third parties subject to further scrutiny must submit a scorecard from EcoVadis or respond to the DWS Adverse Impact
questionnaire. DWS determines the residual risk rating based on the Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM) Grid. Based
on the result of the risk assessment DWS applies relevant Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (SCDDA) clauses
proportionately.
Supplier Code of Conduct
Acknowledgment of Deutsche Bank’s Supplier Code of Conduct is required for all new and renewed contracts, whenever
DWS spend for a supplier equals or exceeds € 100,000 per annum.
Supplier selection and contracting
As part of the sourcing process executed by the DWS Procurement Category Management Team (subject to a total spend
amount threshold), during the request for proposal stage, DWS requires third parties to disclose sustainability data and
any past risk incidents on environmental or human rights aspects as described in the SCDDA. In case of past risk incidents,
Legal and a separate risk type control function approval is required for a third party to be shortlisted.
Payment practices, including breakdown by main category of suppliers

ESRS G1-6
Payment practices

Average time to pay an invoice1
(number of days)
Percentage of payments paid according to agreed payment terms
Suppliers with < € 100,000 spend per annum (in %)2
Suppliers with > € 100,000 spend per annum:
Europe (in %)3
Rest of the world (in %)4

2024

47
62
75
76

Calculated from the invoice issue date for all suppliers
Suppliers providing services and products to DWS with a value below € 100,000/annum are set to a payment term within 0-30 days from the invoice issue date (unless
contractually agreed otherwise). 87% of suppliers’ payment with < € 100,000 spend per annum are aligned with payment terms of 0-30 days
3
Standard payment terms for individual contracts from Europe aim for 60 days. 100% of suppliers’ payment with > € 100,000 spend per annum payment are aligned with
payment terms of <= 60 days
4
Standard contractual payment terms for suppliers from Rest of the World is payment within 90 days. 100% of suppliers’ payment with > € 100,000 spend per annum
payment are aligned with payment terms of <= 90 days
1
2

Payment practices
Payment terms and conditions are clearly outlined in the contracts between DWS and its suppliers in alignment with
governing laws on payment terms. DWS contractual payment term standards for individual contracts aim for 60 days for
Europe and 90 days for the rest of the world. These standards typically apply to suppliers providing products or services
to DWS with a value greater than € 100,000 per annum. DWS suppliers under the € 100,000 per annum threshold, which
includes those operating under EU general terms and conditions, are paid on payment terms up to 30 days unless there is
a contract in place stating otherwise. Where local jurisdictions require specific payment terms, DWS acts accordingly.
Appropriate templates and processes are in place to procure that new suppliers are set up with correct payment terms.

251

Environmental
As a global bank, Deutsche Bank is committed to accelerate the transition to a low-carbon
sustainable economy. Addressing climate change and environmental destruction, one
of humanity’s biggest challenges, necessitates substantial investments and presents a
­significant business opportunity. In these challenging times, the bank’s clients have high
demands for advice on financial products and services to progress on their individual
­transformation journeys.

98%
of the total
emissions

5 percentage
points reduction
in emissions

Management
Board
compensation

refer to Scope 3,
Category 151

of Deutsche Bank’s corporate
loan portfolio covered
by net-zero pathways1

in the Long-Term Award linked to
adherence to net-zero pathways
for carbon-intensive sectors

High-emitting sectors

Carbon footprint 2024
in ktCO₂e

64,742
Commercial
Aviation

Oil and Gas
(Upstream)
32,750
undrawn

Shipping

Power
Generation
31,993
drawn

Cement

Coal Mining

Automotive
(Light duty)

33

1,078

2,233

Own
operations2

Supply
chain

EU residential
real estate
exposure

Steel
Scope 1 and 2  

Corporate
loan
exposure1

Scope 3 (Category 1-14)

Scope 3 (Category 15)
Numbers may not add up due to rounding

1
2

The financed emissions (Scope 3, Category 15) in the Corporate loan exposure include Scope 1 and 2 emissions of Deutsche Bank’s clients
The data for Scope 2 emissions is market-based

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation)

Environmental information
Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation)
The EU Taxonomy Regulation EU 2020/852 is aimed to allocate funding to environmentally sustainable sectors and
support the transition toward a sustainable economy, setting out the guidelines and criteria for economic activities which
financial and non-financial undertakings can classify as environmentally sustainable. In particular, it pursues the following
environmental objectives:
– Climate change mitigation: including activities stabilizing greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere
– Climate change adaptation: including solutions that either significantly reduce the risk of adverse impacts of the current
climate or provide for adaptation solutions that help avoid the risk of adverse impacts on people, nature or other assets
– Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources: including activities contributing to the development of
good status of waters, including surface waters and groundwater, or prevent their deterioration where they are already
in a good condition
– Transition to a circular economy: including activities aimed at more efficient use of natural resources, in particular
sustainable bio-based materials and other raw materials, in production by increasing the durability and accountability
of products
– Pollution prevention and control: including activities reducing emissions of pollutants into the atmosphere, improving
air quality, eliminating waste, etc.
– Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems: including activities achieving favorable conservation status
of natural and semi-natural habitats and species or prevent their deterioration where their conservation status is already
favorable
Deutsche Bank was among the first international banks to explicitly refer to the EU Taxonomy Regulation in its Group-level
Sustainable Finance Framework. In particular, the bank aligned the eligibility criteria of its Sustainable Finance Framework
on a best effort basis with the EU Taxonomy’s technical screening criteria for the classification of activities as
environmentally sustainable and specifically those related to the climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives. As
the overall understanding of environmental and social matters and the EU Taxonomy are evolving, these criteria may be
modified.
Similarly to Do No Significant Harm and Minimum social safeguards checks of client performance against environmental
and social objectives required by the EU Taxonomy, Deutsche Bank already conducts reviews of clients’ overall
management approach and performance toward environmental and social challenges common to the industries in which
the client operates (for more information on these reviews, see the “ESG due diligence” chapter within this Sustainability
Statement).
To support sustainable activities of its clients and to facilitate their sustainability transition, the bank also offers and
continuously develops different dedicated products as well as client engagement processes all of which seek to embed
the Taxonomy-related considerations. At the same time, the bank intends to build up internal expertise and capabilities,
e.g., by training the relevant business units on sustainable finance.
In accordance with Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the related Disclosures Delegated Acts, for year-end
2024, financial undertakings have to determine and disclose the proportion of exposures eligible to the EU Taxonomy in
their covered assets (i.e., total assets less exposures toward central governments, central banks, supranational issuers and
the trading portfolio) for the six environmental objectives. Exposures aligned to the EU Taxonomy need to be reported for
the climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives for year-end 2024 and for the four remaining environmental
objectives starting from year-end 2025.
Where the use of proceeds is known at a transaction level, the bank considers relevant exposures to the extent the
underlying transaction is financing a Taxonomy eligible or aligned activity. For general purpose lending to counterparties
subject to the EU Taxonomy disclosure obligations as of year-end 2023, the bank considers exposures weighted by the
eligibility and alignment turnover and capital expenditure (capex) key performance indicators (KPIs) disclosed by its clients.
The turnover and capex KPIs are collected via a vendor, MSCI and mapped to relevant counterparties. Identification of
undertakings with obligation to report under the EU Taxonomy and the related Disclosures Delegated Acts and their
respective Taxonomy KPIs is performed in a data collection project based on the materiality of the in-scope exposures,
except for the assets under management disclosures which are based on external vendor classification. As the EU
Taxonomy metrics are evolving, there are limitations on the amount and granularity of available data.

253

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation)

Within the exposures to households, residential real estate loans against households collateralized by residential
immovable property, building renovation loans and motor vehicle loans are all considered Taxonomy eligible. Given the
low level of energy performance certificate (EPC) coverage in the portfolio, Taxonomy alignment of the residential real
estate loans has been additionally determined via KfW sponsoring programs and the respective KfW Efficiency House
standards under which loans have been granted. Deutsche Bank has involved an external industry expert to determine
which standards are compliant with the technical screening criteria for substantial contribution, as defined in the EU
Taxonomy’s climate change mitigation activities 7.1 “Construction of new buildings” and 7.7 “Acquisition and ownership
of buildings”. Based on that, buildings constructed until 31. December 2020 shall either have an EPC class A or belong to
“the top 15% of the national or regional building stock expressed as operational Primary Energy Demand (PED)”. It was
concluded that buildings adhering to the criteria of KfW-70 or better are compliant with the “top 15% benchmark”. For
buildings constructed after 31. December 2020, the EU Taxonomy defines that the PED has to be “at least 10% lower than
the threshold set for the nearly zero-energy building (NZEB) requirements in national measures”. Here, it was concluded
that buildings adhering to the criteria of KfW-40 or better are compliant with the “at least 10% lower than NZEB”benchmark that is based on the updated German Buildings Energy Act (GEG/ Gebäudeenergiegesetz). Furthermore, EPCs
are already widely collected in new business and their availability for the residential property stock is to be systematically
increased with proportionate measures.
For Do No Significant Harm compliance under activity 7.7, the EU Taxonomy requires a robust climate-risk and vulnerability
assessment in accordance with the criteria set out in Annex A of the Climate Delegated Act. Deutsche Bank has
operationalized this assessment based on externally sourced data, leveraging the methodology from EBA Pillar 3 reporting.
Buildings with a very high risk exposure to at least one physical climate risk are considered to be not aligned with the EU
Taxonomy criteria, as the implementation of adaptation measures cannot be verified at present.
Deutsche Bank recognizes the assessment of minimum social safeguards as defined under Article 18 of the EU Taxonomy
Regulation, but also acknowledges the EU Commission’s guidance in the third Commission Notice published in November
2024, which confirms under question 37 that retail clients shall not be assessed against minimum social safeguard
requirements, whilst raising that banks should instead assess the “the respective […] undertakings producing goods and
providing services that are purchased by retail clients” and citing “purchase of electric cars or solar panels” as examples
for moveable assets covered under this requirement. Accordingly, for residential real estate, constituting immovable
assets, minimum social safeguards are currently not assessed. Deutsche Bank will monitor further implementation
guidance in this regard and assess its application for the bank once clarification becomes available.
For consumer lending, the use of the proceeds information is currently not collected from customers. Accordingly, the
information about Taxonomy alignment of the bank’s motor vehicle loan portfolio is currently not available. Taxonomy
alignment of the renovation loan portfolio currently cannot be established either.
The calculation of Deutsche Bank’s Taxonomy KPIs is based on the prudential consolidation circle and FINREP balance
sheet.
The table “Summary of KPIs to be disclosed by credit institutions under Article 8 Taxonomy Regulation” summarizes
Deutsche Bank’s KPIs as of year-end 2024 which are detailed out in the section “Tabular disclosures in accordance with
Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation”:
– Green asset ratio (GAR) stock was 1.0% based on the turnover KPIs and 1.2% based on the capex KPIs; the decrease of
ratios compared to the prior year was driven by stricter EU Taxonomy assessment criteria implemented for residential
real estate in 2024
– GAR flow KPIs stood at 0.2% and 0.4% respectively; GAR flow KPIs as well as coverage percentages were calculated
based on the total flow of loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments to financial and non-financial
undertakings and households in relation to total GAR assets flow; the calculation methodology for flow KPIs was refined
for year-end 2024; prior-year's comparatives were aligned to presentation in the current year
– Financial guarantees stock KPIs were at 2.4% based on the turnover KPIs and 3.2% based on the capex KPIs
– Assets under management stock KPIs stood at 1.4% and 2.2% respectively
– KPIs for trading book and fees and commissions income are not required to be disclosed until year-end 2025
Numbers presented in the following tables may not add up due to rounding. Blank cells represent datapoints that don’t
have to be reported based on the templates prescribed by the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the related Disclosures
Delegated Acts.

254

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation)

Summary of KPIs to be disclosed by credit institutions under Article 8 Taxonomy Regulation

Total environmentally
sustainable assets
(in € m)

Dec 31, 2024

Main KPI

Green asset
ratio (GAR)
stock

GAR (flow)

Additional KPIs

Trading book
Financial
guarantees
Assets under
Management
Fees and
commissions
income

Main KPI

Green asset
ratio (GAR)
stock

GAR (flow)1

1

820
1,392
N/A
783 (Turnover)
1,043 (CapEx)
17,086 (Turnover)
26,933 (CapEx)

N/A

Trading book
Financial
guarantees
Assets under
Management
Fees and
commissions
income

% coverage (over
total assets)

1.0

1.2

44.3

27.4

55.7

% coverage (over
total assets)

% of assets
excluded from the
numerator of the
GAR (Article 7(2)
and (3) and
Section 1.1.2. of
Annex V)

% of assets
excluded from the
denominator of
the GAR (Article
7(1) and Section
1.2.4 of Annex V)

21.4

78.6

0.0

% of assets
excluded from the
denominator of
the GAR (Article
7(1) and Section
1.2.4 of Annex V)

Turnover KPIs

CapEx KPIs

0.2
N/A

0.4
N/A

2.4

3.2

1.4

2.2

N/A

N/A

Turnover KPIs

CapEx KPIs

% coverage (over
total assets)

% of assets
excluded from the
numerator of the
GAR (Article 7(2)
and (3) and
Section 1.1.2. of
Annex V)

1.3

1.5

44.2

26.2

55.8

% coverage (over
total assets)

% of assets
excluded from the
numerator of the
GAR (Article 7(2)
and (3) and
Section 1.1.2. of
Annex V)

% of assets
excluded from the
denominator of
the GAR (Article
7(1) and Section
1.2.4 of Annex V)

17.6

82.4

N/M

7,546 (Turnover)
8,928 (CapEx)

Total environmentally
sustainable assets
(in € m)

Dec 31, 2023

Additional KPIs

7,308 (CapEx)

Total environmentally
sustainable assets
(in € m)

Dec 31, 2023

CapEx KPIs

% of assets
excluded from the
denominator of
the GAR (Article
7(1) and Section
1.2.4 of Annex V)

6,097 (Turnover)

Total environmentally
sustainable assets
(in € m)

Dec 31, 2024

Turnover KPIs

% of assets
excluded from the
numerator of the
GAR (Article 7(2)
and (3) and
Section 1.1.2. of
Annex V)

490
1,259
N/A
153 (Turnover)
374 (CapEx)
8,635 (Turnover)
16,857 (CapEx)

N/A

Turnover KPIs

CapEx KPIs

0.2
N/A

0.4
N/A

0.5

1.3

0.8

1.6

N/A

N/A

The calculation methodology for flow KPIs was refined for year-end 2024; prior-year's comparatives were aligned to presentation in the current year

255

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Climate change
For Deutsche Bank, reaching net-zero by 2050 means not only living up to its responsibilities, but also capitalizing on the
business opportunities arising from the economy’s low-carbon transition. Additionally, the bank is focused on managing
climate-related risks and impacts linked to its financing and investment activities. To support these objectives,
Deutsche Bank’s ambition level includes clear, quantifiable targets — both for decarbonizing portfolios in high-carbon
emission industries and for growing sustainable business.

Transition Plan
ESRS E1-1
Since Deutsche Bank’s Management Board made sustainability a strategic priority in 2019, the bank has made significant
progress toward achieving its interim targets for 2030.
In October 2023, Deutsche Bank published its Initial Transition Plan, which outlines the progress made and the strategy to
reach its net-zero commitment. This plan consolidates the bank’s definitions, methodologies, targets and achievements
on its path. The progress is detailed in the respective chapters of this Sustainability Statement, including the “Sustainability
Strategy” and “Client portfolios” chapters.
The plan adopts a holistic approach to the bank’s net-zero transition to support the Paris Agreement climate targets by
focusing on three dimensions of decarbonization: the bank’s own operations (Scope 1 and 2, including DWS); Deutsche
Bank’s supply chain (Scope 3, Categories 1 to 14, including DWS business travel emissions); and financing provided to
clients (Scope 3, Category 15). In 2024, carbon emissions across these three areas were as follows:

Numbers may not add up due to rounding

The bank’s biggest contribution to the sustainability transformation lies in decarbonizing its loan portfolio including the
European residential real estate portfolio and corporate loan portfolio. Accordingly, the bank has set sectoral
decarbonization targets for 2030 and 2050 for the eight most carbon-intensive sectors in the corporate loan portfolio.
By year-end 2024, the Scope 1 and 2 emissions of Deutsche Bank’s corporate loan portfolio covered by net-zero targets
were reduced by 5 percentage points compared to year-end 2023. Additionally, the Scope 3 emissions of the bank’s
corporate loan book decreased by 4 percentage points compared to 2023. Details on the bank’s methodologies, targets
and achievements for Scope 3, Category 15 are outlined in the “Client portfolios” sub-chapter of this “Climate change”
chapter within this Sustainability Statement.

256

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

The key levers to reduce the bank’s emissions resulting from its own operations (Scope 1 and 2 emissions) include reducing
energy consumption, sourcing more electricity from renewables, reducing business travel and using offsets for residual
emissions. The associated targets to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions include:
–
–
–
–

Compensating for emissions from own operations (Scope 1 and 2) and business travel
Reducing total energy consumption by 30% by 2025 versus 2019
Sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2025
Reducing fuel consumption of Deutsche Bank’s car fleet by 30% by 2025 and reaching carbon zero in Germany by 2030

The bank implemented a decarbonization framework to reduce emissions resulting from its supply chain (Scope 3,
Categories 1 to 14). This framework follows three levers: (1) reducing resource use, (2) substituting current resources with
lower-carbon alternatives and (3) offsetting residual emissions where reduction is not feasible.
In 2024, the bank’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as Scope 3, Categories 1 to 14 emissions did not meet the double
materiality threshold and are therefore not included in the disclosures of this Sustainability Statement. Instead,
Deutsche Bank provides detailed information on its approach in the Initial Transition Plan.
Deutsche Bank created structures, processes and capabilities to enable the execution of the Transition Plan in key areas
such as governance, Sustainable Finance Framework, data and technologies, as well as external engagement and
continues to further develop them. Next to the Chief Sustainability Office, an additional enabler are ESG expert teams in
the bank’s business divisions and infrastructure functions that foster the implementation of Deutsche Bank’s sustainability
strategy and allow for a swift response to emerging business opportunities and potential risks.
In the years ahead, Deutsche Bank aims to broaden the scope of decarbonization, i.e., progressing from financed emissions
to financed and facilitated emissions and capturing opportunities in the bank’s private clients’ assets under management.
Moreover, Deutsche Bank focuses on incorporating nature and biodiversity as well as just transition, which means to
address the challenges of transitioning for developing economies.
To operationalize its commitments, the bank is further developing the Initial Transition Plan as tools, methodologies and
data for assessing the climate impact of its own operations, supply chain and clients’ activities continue to evolve.
Therefore, Deutsche Bank includes forward-looking information and gives an outlook on how the bank will further broaden
the scope of its transition plan, specifically concerning financed emissions.
The initial Transition Plan was published in October 2023. The next iteration will focus on full alignment with ESRS
requirements. During the annual planning process, Deutsche Bank continues to consider the latest net-zero scenarios and
economy-wide pathways to identify investment needs and their influence on the bank’s sustainable financing and
investment plan.
The Initial Transition Plan publication, along with the net-zero pathways and decarbonization targets were approved by
the Group Sustainability Committee. The Management Board has delegated sustainability-related decisions to this
committee. Therefore, the Group Sustainability Committee acts as the main governance and decision-making body for
sustainability-related matters for Deutsche Bank Group.

Client portfolios
Managing climate-transition, climate-physical and other environmental risks (for simplicity, also referred to as “climate and
environmental risks” in the remainder of this chapter) of the bank’s balance sheet and operations is a key component of
the Group’s sustainability strategy. Deutsche Bank embeds climate and environmental risks into its business-as-usual risk
management frameworks, processes, and appetite, leveraging a comprehensive range of risk identification and
classification approaches to prioritize areas presenting the highest potential impact.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank further developed its Climate and Environmental Risks Management Framework, including:
– Enhanced granularity of risk appetite and data including divisional carbon budgets and early warning indicators to
monitor risk concentrations)
– Extensions to internal climate and environmental risks reporting incorporating results of quarterly scenario analysis
– Enhancements to the materiality assessment, including broader coverage, additional scenarios, in-depth analysis of
transmission channels and shocks
– An additional net-zero target for the commercial aviation sector, linked to the bank’s risk appetite
– An expansion of the credit risk approval process to include climate-physical and nature risks assessments

257

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Financial institutions are facing increased scrutiny on climate and wider sustainability-related topics from governments,
regulators, shareholders and other bodies (including non-governmental organizations). Banks must navigate an
increasingly complex and heterogenous policy environment with challenges from certain regions to their efforts to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions, leading to accusations of unlawful practice and anti-trust violations. The Net Zero Banking
Alliance has seen the departure of U.S. peers in response to these concerns. Ongoing headwinds for global decarbonization
efforts may contribute to a further increase of the frequency and severity of physical climate risks and of the likelihood of
a disorderly transition over the longer-term. In this context, the bank remains committed to the active management of
climate and environmental risks.
Deutsche Bank’s Asset Management division (DWS) has its own risk management framework in relation to climate and
environmental risks. Impacts, risks and opportunities of the segment, together with their policies, are described in the
chapter “Client portfolios in Asset Management” within this Sustainability Statement.
In compliance with requirement ESRS E1-1, Deutsche Bank hereby discloses that it is not excluded from EU Paris-aligned
Benchmarks.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-3
Deutsche Bank’s governance of climate and environmental risks varies by activity. The governance of the activities that
drive the bank’s transformation, including those needed to fulfill Deutsche Bank’s pledge to achieve net-zero by 2050, is
led by dedicated steering committees, while business-as-usual activities are incorporated into the bank’s existing risk
management governance structure as shown in the diagram below.

The Group Risk Committee, chaired by the Chief Risk Officer and established by the Management Board, has the mandate
to oversee risk- and capital-related matters. This includes overall responsibility for the bank’s Climate and Environmental
Risk Management Framework. The Committee approves the bank’s Climate and Environmental Risk Appetite, including
the appetite for deviation from the net-zero decarbonization pathways. Three other committees are responsible for the
development and management of specific elements of climate and environmental risks:
– The Enterprise Risk Committee, which is composed of senior risk experts from various risk disciplines, focuses on
enterprise-wide risks trends and events. The committee oversees the development of the bank’s holistic Climate and
Environmental Risk Management Framework
– The Non-Financial Risk Committee which oversees, governs, and coordinates the management of non-financial risks
group-wide and establishes a cross-risk and holistic perspective of the bank’s key non-financial risks, including risks to
the bank’s own infrastructure and employees arising from climate and environmental risks

258

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

– The Group Reputational Risk Committee, a direct subcommittee of the Management Board since 2024, has the
responsibility to review, decide and manage all transactions, client relationships or other primary reputational risk
matters escalated in line with the underlying reputational risk policies and framework including sustainability-related
matters
Deutsche Bank has established a Net-Zero Forum responsible for the assessment of new lending which could have a
significant impact on the bank’s financed emissions and/or decarbonization targets. Members of the forum are senior
representatives from the Business, Risk, and the Chief Sustainability Office. Following the establishment of Divisional
carbon budgets and risk appetite, the Investment Bank and the Commercial Bank each maintain their own Net Zero Forum.
Climate and environmental topics are also regularly discussed in business unit risk councils and other committees and fora.
For the “Change-the-Bank” governance, please refer to the “Sustainability Governance” section within the “Governance”
chapter of this Sustainability Statement.
The Management Board receives monthly updates on financed emissions and net-zero alignment via the “Risk and Capital
Profile” report. Each of Deutsche Bank’s core businesses integrates climate and environmental risks into planning and risk
appetite statements as part of the bank’s annual strategic planning process, approved by the Management Board.
Compliance is part of the overall Governance around climate and environmental risks and recognizes ESG risks as crossrisk drivers integrated across Compliance Risk Types. These ESG drivers and Risk Types are an integral part of the annual
Compliance Risk Assessment. In 2024, Compliance undertook a review of the management of greenwashing risk and its
manifestations within the scope of selected key Compliance Risk Types and related minimum control standards. On this
basis, Compliance further refined the ESG-related Risk Driver population for the relevant Risk Types. Compliance works
with key stakeholders across the Three-Lines-of-Defense as part of the ongoing initiatives to enhance the bank’s ability to
identify and manage ESG risk in its various manifestations.
Deutsche Bank’s Internal Audit function (Group Audit) and Third Line-of-Defense provides independent and objective
assurance to the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG on the adequacy of the design, operating effectiveness, and
efficiency of all the bank’s risk management processes including climate and environmental risks. Group Audit reviews
fraud, antitrust and misconduct risks as part of each audit and reviews the respective policies and standards on a riskbased approach. Group Audit also acts as an independent, proactive and forward-looking challenger and adviser to Senior
Management of the Group.

Strategy
Deutsche Bank’s management of climate and environmental risks and opportunities is part of its broader sustainability
strategy and supports the commitment to align the bank’s portfolio with net-zero by 2050. Other components of the bank’s
sustainability strategy, together with the bank’s positive impacts and opportunities, including growth in sustainable
financing, sustainable investment volumes, and the broader Environmental and Social Policy Framework, are described in
the “Sustainable finance” and “ESG due diligence” chapters of this Sustainability Statement.
Transition plan for climate change mitigation
Deutsche Bank’s initial transition plan for climate change mitigation is described in detail in the “Transition Plan” subchapter as part of the “Climate Change” chapter of this Sustainability Statement.
Material impacts, risks and their interaction with strategy and business model
In 2024, Deutsche Bank identified material potential negative impacts related to both climate-change mitigation and
adaptation through its double materiality assessment process described in the “Double materiality assessment” chapter
of this Sustainability Statement. These negative impacts from the financing activities of the bank and its portfolio of clients
(downstream value chain), should they materialize, would likely only manifest themselves in the longer-term (more than
5 years).
For climate change mitigation, potential material negative impacts to the environment and society were identified in
relation to:
– Financing or investing in clients or assets in high carbon-emitting industries without credible transition plans, which
could in turn lead to increases in GHG emissions
– Restricting lending to clients in high carbon-emitting industries which, as a consequence, could reduce the availability
of financial resources needed by these companies for the implementation of their transition strategies
For climate change adaptation, potential negative impacts to the environment and society were all scored below the
materiality threshold set by the bank.

259

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

From a risk management perspective, climate change and environmental degradation physical risk drivers, may lead to the
emergence of a wide range of financial and non-financial risks. Transition risks to the bank’s portfolios may materialize in
the short-to-medium term as governments introduce ambitious climate-related targets and policies, as society adapts its
behavior, and as investor appetite for carbon intensive clients/sectors becomes more selective.
Acute and chronic physical climate and environmental risk factors arising from higher global temperatures may increase
in severity even if decarbonization efforts prove successful, impacting Deutsche Bank’s operational risks and risks to the
assets of the bank’s clients.

The mitigation of these negative impacts and risks is an integral part of the bank’s strategy and business model. The main
components of this strategy are the following:
– Its transition plan;
– Its sectoral decarbonization targets and pathways for climate change mitigation (both addressed in separate sections
of this chapter); and
– The monitoring and management of risk concentrations (e.g., through Early Warning Indicators) and the incorporation
of climate and environmental risks into the bank’s Risk Management frameworks for both climate change mitigation and
adaptation
Resilience of the bank
ESRS E1-1 related to ESRS 2 SBM-3
The bank uses scenario analysis and stress testing to assess the materiality of climate and environmental risks across the
short-, medium- and long term, and test the business resilience against them.

260

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

The results of the bank’s financial materiality assessment indicate that short-term financial impacts are limited. Even in the
higher transition risk scenarios, there is limited rebalancing away from fossil fuels and other shifts in demand or technology
over such a short time frame, while physical risks are not expected to materially change in this time frame.

261

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

In the medium term, higher impacts linked to climate transition risk drivers in the net-zero emission scenario materialize
through credit, operational, strategic and reputational risks, driven by factors such as:
– Deterioration in Oil and Gas and Coal credit risk profiles with larger impacts starting to emerge for corporate clients in
other high carbon intensity sectors as well as for the most vulnerable sovereigns and financial institutions
– Valuation pressure on less energy efficient real estate exposures due to a tightening of energy efficiency minimum
standards and increased costs associated with energy consumption
– Foregone revenues due to exit of carbon intensive clients with no credible transition strategy and higher competition
for sustainable clients/financing
– Potential reputational and litigation risks should the bank be seen as a negative outlier relative to peers in terms of the
execution of its sustainability commitments
– Potential for operational risk impacts from physical risk events
In the long term, cumulative impacts are higher across all risk types and scenarios. Across the higher transition scenarios,
a broader range of clients are impacted and the potential deterioration in portfolio credit quality becomes more
pronounced. Revenue attrition (strategic risk) and potential reputational impacts are also higher. Physical risks drive losses
in the low transition risk scenarios, materially impacting operational, credit, strategic and reputational risks. The disorderly
transition scenario yields the highest losses across all scenarios as clients face punitive carbon taxes and related policies
with limited time to adapt.
Scenario analysis is applied to the bank’s portfolios under the conservative assumption of a static balance sheet, without
accounting for changes in capital allocation. Deutsche Bank would have significant flexibility to manage down higher risk
exposures over time, especially in the long term. Conversely, the available scenarios carry a significant level of uncertainty,
in particular in the long term, and do not consider potential risks arising from non-linearities, compounding effects and
tipping points, which may lead to more severe outcomes.
The results of the analysis are considered in the risk management frameworks, including the risk inventory and ICAAP. To
ensure that the bank remains resilient to these shocks and adequately capitalized, Deutsche Bank has put in place an
expert-driven add-on to its economic capital. This add-on is designed to capture uncertainty related to tail losses that
could arise in certain sectors from unexpected and abrupt changes in carbon prices.
The orderly and progressive execution of the bank’s sustainability strategy, including net-zero targets, growth in
sustainable and transition financing, greater integration of nature into the bank’s risk frameworks, as well as client, product,
and regional strategies, is key to mitigate credit and reputational risk impacts over the long term.
More information on the scenario analysis, its scope, time horizon, and the scenarios used is reported in the “Impact, risk
and opportunity management – Process to identify and assess material climate-related risks: the scenarios” sub-chapter.

Impact, risk and opportunity management
Process to identify and assess climate-related risks: materiality assessment
ESRS 2 IRO-1
The processes focused on the identification of positive impacts and opportunities in relation to climate change mitigation
and adaptation are described in the “Sustainable finance” chapter of this Sustainability Statement.
Negative impacts are identified and assessed through the Double Materiality Assessment process, described in detail in
the “Double materiality assessment” chapter within this Sustainability Statement. The present sub-chapter focuses on the
assessment of climate and environmental risks.

262

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Financial materiality assessment
Alongside the double materiality assessment, the risk function of Deutsche Bank conducts an annual materiality
assessment to test the bank’s resilience to climate and nature risks. The output of the materiality assessment feeds into
risk management processes such as the risk inventory and is used to inform the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment
Process (ICAAP) and therefore supports the critical climate-related assumptions made in the bank’s financial statements.
The Bank assesses these risks via scenario analysis applied to each of the bank’s main risk types, across all material
portfolios, economic sectors, geographies, and across the short-, medium- and long-term horizons. For the purpose of its
climate and environmental materiality assessment, Deutsche Bank has defined its time horizons in the following way:
– Short-term: 1 to 2 years
– Medium-term: 3 to 5 years (i.e., from the first day of the 3rd year)
– Long-term: More than 5 years
The scope of the materiality assessment and resilience analysis for climate and environmental risks covers almost the
entirety of the bank’s portfolios, and includes Corporates, Sovereigns, Commercial and Residential Real Estate, Wealth
Management, and Consumer Finance (with nature scenarios only applied to portfolios identified as high risk for nature).
With respect to climate risk, the drivers considered were transition risks (e.g. arising from policy, technology, and behavioral
changes), and physical risks arising from acute (i.e. extreme weather events) and chronic (i.e. gradual changes in the
climate/environment) drivers. With respect to nature risk (other environmental risks), the bank considered drivers of nature
loss arising from (i) terrestrial biodiversity and habitat loss, (ii) water depletion, (iii) ecosystem degradation from waste and
pollution and (iv) marine ecosystem degradation (from marine ecosystem use).
The analysis of how these factors drive each relevant risk type - namely credit, strategic and reputational, market, liquidity,
and operational risks - was tailored to their specificities, as described in the following paragraphs.
Credit risk shocks are modelled as credit rating migrations leading to shifts in the probability of default of clients affected,
which in turn increase their expected credit losses. For instance, extreme weather-related events can affect a borrower’s
own operations and value chain, and can result in loss of revenue, increased capital needs, insurance costs, and liabilities.
For transition risks, increases in credit losses are expected for carbon-intensive corporates under scenarios of
decarbonization of the economy where their product is of decreasing relevance and they have failed to adapt their business
model.
The strategic and reputational risk assessment captures the impact on revenues and costs arising from climate and
environmental risks. The analysis on strategic risks relates to the exposure identified as vulnerable in the climate transition,
climate physical and nature risk scenarios. The main sources of strategic risks identified for the bank are three-fold:
– Loss of revenues from phasing out high-emitting clients (unwilling/unable to transition);
– The bank failing take advantage of changing client behavior, leading to a loss of market share (e.g., failure to replace
revenues with transition-friendly clients); and
– The bank’s client viability is negatively impacted, leading to reduced business and foregone revenues
Transition-related market risks are driven by new policies and regulations, new technologies, and shifting
customers/investors sentiments and preferences; they transmit to banks through valuation losses on exposures to clients
and assets impacted (Market Value losses under stress).
Lastly, the key metric for the estimate of liquidity risk effects is the loss of funding from withdrawals of deposits and
drawings against committed lending facilities (estimated on the basis of scenarios) of companies affected by the scenario
shocks, such as companies involved in the extraction/processing of fossil fuels and companies with carbon intensive
business models.

263

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Stress testing
Alongside the materiality assessment, the bank runs an annual climate stress test. The exercise uses a similar framework
of scenarios, ranging from high-transition/low-physical risks to low-transition/high-physical risks, across all relevant risk
types of the bank. It includes orderly and disorderly scenarios. The selection of portfolios in scope is informed by the results
of the materiality assessment.
The stress test for credit risk includes transition and physical risks shocks across Large Corporates, Leveraged and
Structured Finance, Residential and Commercial Real Estate over the short, medium- and long-term horizons.
The stress testing approach for credit risk in the corporate portfolio uses:
– For Transition risk: a logistic regression model incorporating stressed financial ratios at individual client level, based on
environmental-related and macroeconomic variables. The model considers, as key drivers, carbon prices, emissions
reduction pathways and decarbonization targets, energy prices and demand, and GVA projections
– For Physical risk: a Merton model which uses estimates of the devaluation of company assets resulting from acute and
chronic physical risk drivers under a range of temperature scenarios to stress the Probabilities of Default (PDs) of the
companies in scope
The stress testing methodology for credit risk in the real estate portfolio applies shocks to clients’ Loss Given Default
(LGDs) via:
– For transition risk: Collateral devaluation based on a) haircut per EPC rating for residential mortgages and b) carbon
price projections and emissions pathways from the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor for commercial real estate loans;
– For physical risk: Collateral devaluations informed by S&P’s financial impacts for both residential mortgages and
commercial real estate loans
The stress testing methodology for market risk estimates net stressed P&L losses in the bonds and equity trading book,
tested in the short- and medium- term in a disorderly transition scenario.
The stress testing methodology for strategic risks covers all clients in scope of the net zero targets and models foregone
revenues resulting from a) the phase-out of Oil & Gas and Coal clients in line with the net zero pathways as well as b) the
phase out of clients that are not able/willing to transition across the other net zero sectors (i.e., those identified as having
no net zero targets).
Liquidity stress is tested, for both transition and physical risks:
– In the short- and medium-term, as a second order effect of P&L impacts from other risk types (e.g. credit, market,
operational)
– In the long term, as a loss of funding from vulnerable depositors.
Operational risks are stressed across all time horizons for both transition (based on litigation scenarios) and physical risk
drivers (based on scenarios of changes in location strategy due to increases in extreme weather events).

264

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Process to identify and assess climate-related risks: the scenarios
Deutsche Bank uses a range of scenarios from different frameworks to assess future potential financial impacts arising
from climate change. The scenarios simulate the impact of climate-physical and climate-transition risks drivers, in the
short-, medium- and long-term, and span from orderly/net-zero (underpinning the decarbonization strategy of the bank),
to disorderly transition, and hot house scenarios. The bank also uses bespoke scenarios, developed in-house, to stress its
portfolios against the drivers of nature-related risks. This breadth of scenarios gives the bank confidence that plausible
risks and uncertainties arising from climate change are covered.
As mentioned earlier, all the scenarios conservatively assume a constant balance sheet throughout their time horizon, with
no considerations for rebalancing or mitigating measures would very likely be implemented by the bank in the future.
For climate-physical risks, the bank follows Standard & Poor’s modelling framework. The S&P model uses information on
the: (i) type of each asset, (ii) its geographical location, (iii) the location’s corresponding exposure to an array of eight
discrete climate change hazards and (iv) the asset’s ‘Impact Function’ (the relationship between the degree of change in
climate hazard exposure and change in financial impact for a given type of asset) across four future climate change
scenarios based on the IPCC Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) and Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP).
The methodology covers eight acute and chronic natural hazard types: fluvial flood, coastal flood, wildfires, drought,
extreme heat, tropical cyclone, water stress, extreme cold. Deutsche Bank uses four RCP scenarios:
– High climate change: Low mitigation scenario where total greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions triple by 2075 and global
average temperatures rise by 3.3 to 5.7°C by 2100 (acute physical risk)
– Medium-High climate change: Limited mitigation scenario where total GHG emissions double by 2100 and global
average temperatures rise by 2.8 to 4.6°C by 2100
– Medium climate change: Strong mitigation scenario where total GHG emissions stabilize at current levels until 2050
and then decline and global average temperatures rise by 1.3 to 2.4°C by 2100
– Low climate change: Aggressive mitigation scenario where total GHG emissions reduce to net-zero by 2050
The assessment of climate-transition risks is based on four scenarios:
– The Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) reflects current policy settings of the energy-related policies that are in place and
those under development (lower transition). CO₂ emissions fall only moderately and therefore global warming continues
to worsen, with the temperature rise heading towards 2.4°C in 2100 (IEA, 2023) causing high physical risks
– The Announced Pledges Scenario (APS) assumes that all climate commitments made by governments (including
Nationally Determined Contributions) and industries around the world will be met (moderate transition). If successfully
fulfilled, this would be consistent with a temperature rise of 2.1°C in 2100 (IEA, 2021) causing moderately high physical
risks
– The Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario (NZE) sets out a pathway for the global energy sector to achieve net-zero CO₂
emissions by 2050 and limits global warming to 1.5 °C (IEA, 2023) through stringent climate policies and innovation. In
this scenario, physical risks are relatively low but transition risks are high
– The Disorderly scenario (delayed transition) assumes that annual emissions do not decrease until 2030 with drastic
policies needed thereafter to limit warming to below 2°C. This leads to high transition and physical risks than the NZE
by 2050 scenario
A standardized and comprehensive set of nature risk scenarios, such as the ones available for climate is not yet available
to serve the needs of financial institutions. To fill this gap, Deutsche Bank developed 20 in-house exploratory transition
and physical nature risk scenarios, covering each of the four nature risk types assessed by the bank, namely (i) Terrestrial
biodiversity and habitat loss, (ii) Water depletion, (iii) Ecosystem degradation from waste and pollution, and (iv) Marine
ecosystem degradation). The scenario narratives were informed by the review of the conclusions of chapter 4 of the IPBES
global assessment report, the work on nature risks scenarios of the World Bank, use cases developed by the Cambridge
Institute for Sustainability Leadership with global banks, the full list of Explorative Nature-Related risk Scenarios
developed jointly by the Bank of Negara Malaysia and the World Bank Group in 2022, among others. The nature risk
scenarios were developed across the short-, medium- and long-term time horizons (i.e. each scenario is attributed a
specific time horizon). The definitions for short- medium- and long-term are provided in the previous sub-chapter.
For more information on how the shocks for each climate and nature-risk scenario are applied to each risk type, please see
the “Impact, risk and opportunity management/Process to identify and assess climate-related risks: materiality
assessment” sub-chapter of the “Climate change” chapter within this Sustainability Statement).

265

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation
ESRS E1-2, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank considers climate and environmental risks as drivers of existing risk types within the Group’s risk taxonomy.
In this context:
– The Head of Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), reporting to the Chief Risk Officer, owns the Group’s overall
management and appetite frameworks for climate and environmental risks. This includes the qualitative risk appetite
principles, quantitative risk appetite metrics, and holistic monitoring of risks across different risk types and portfolios
– The heads of the credit, market, liquidity, non-financial risk functions (“Risk Type Controllers”), also reporting to the
Chief Risk Officer, are responsible for the establishment and operation of appropriate controls, and the monitoring and
appetite setting of climate and environmental risk drivers
The overarching framework for the management of climate and environmental risks is described in the “Climate and
Environmental Risk Management” document which supports the “Risk Management Policy” of the Group. The document
sets out key requirements around governance, risk identification and materiality assessment, risk appetite strategy and
planning, risk monitoring and control, and stress testing. The requirements set out in the document apply to all divisions
(i.e., Investment Bank, Commercial Bank and Private Bank) and geographies of the bank apart from the Asset Management
division. The Asset Management division of the group, DWS, is covered in chapter “Client portfolios in Asset Management”.
The “Climate and Environmental Risk Management” document also includes:
– Risk appetite metrics definitions for the eight sectors covered by the decarbonization targets of the bank and (ii) the
overall absolute financed emissions of the corporate loan book
– Early Warning Indicators established for climate-transition, climate-physical, and nature (or “other environmental”) risks
The provisions contained in the document are complemented by two additional frameworks through which the bank
addresses climate change mitigation and adaptation: the Environmental and Social Policy Framework and the Sustainable
Finance Framework, described in the “ESG due diligence” and “Sustainable Finance” chapters of this document.
Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies
ESRS E1-3, ESRS 2 MDR-A
Implementation of the bank’s overall climate and environmental risk management framework
The management of climate and environmental risks is embedded within the bank‘s overall risk management framework.
The ongoing development of the climate and environmental risk framework is integrated into one of the Group‘s Key
Deliverables (Change-The-Bank (CTB) priorities) overseen by the Sustainability Strategy Steering Committee. The
framework has four key elements: (i) risk identification and materiality assessment; (ii) integration into risk type frameworks
and processes; (iii) scenario analysis and stress testing; and (iv) integration into risk appetite via utilization of a range of risk
metrics and targets.

266

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

The “risk identification and materiality assessment”, together with “scenario analysis and stress testing” are described in
the “Impact, risk and opportunity management” sub-chapter of the “Climate change” chapter within this Sustainability
Statement. The remainder of this sub-chapter covers:
– The integration of climate and environmental risk considerations in the processes and controls of each of the main risk
types of the bank, namely credit, market, liquidity and non-financial (reputational and operational) risks
– The integration of metrics and targets into the bank’s risk appetite
Credit risk framework
Climate and environmental risk drivers are integrated across the different stages of the transaction lifecycle including
transaction approval/client onboarding, risk classification and credit ratings, portfolio analysis, and monitoring and
collateral valuation.
Climate and environmental risks are incorporated into the credit approval process for corporate clients via enhanced due
diligence requirements. New loan requests above selected tenor and rating-based thresholds to corporate clients in
carbon-intensive sectors as well as those in sectors vulnerable to climate-physical and nature (or “other environmental”)
risks require a dedicated risk assessment from the Front Office and review by Credit Risk Management.
As part of the internal credit rating process, climate and other environmental risks must be assessed and, where deemed
material, documented. For corporate clients, this assessment is supported by:
– Transition risk scorecards which use externally sourced data to assess the clients’ historical performance in terms of
their GHG emissions, the scope and governance of climate commitments of clients versus their peers
– Physical risk scorecards providing an indication of the financial impact a given client is likely to sustain, per natural
hazard type, based on asset data held for the company by S&P. The scorecard is also used as a basis for selected physical
risk KPIs

267

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

The output of this assessment may lead to the adjustment of relevant inputs to the bank’s internal credit rating model.
In the course of 2024, a nature-risk dashboard was implemented in the credit risk systems of the bank and made available
to credit officers to support their nature-risk assessment within the credit approval process. More information on the
assessment underlying the nature-risk dashboard is included in the “Metrics and targets – Nature-related (or otherenvironmental) risks” sub-chapter of the “Climate change” chapter within this Sustainability Statement.
Climate risks are considered as potential triggers for inclusion in the watchlist of groups or counterparties in carbonintensive industries and without adequate transition risk mitigation strategy in place (and/or with limited financial
resources to finance their transition). The criteria take into consideration internal credit ratings and the scores from the
transition risk scorecards.
Lastly, Deutsche Bank's Environmental and Social Policy Framework outlines specific restrictions, due diligence and
escalation requirements for sectors with inherently elevated potential for negative environmental impacts.
With regards to the valuation of collateral, the bank’s Global Collateral Management Guide (for Banking Book Collateral)
sets its environmental standards based on the requirements of the Capital Requirements Regulation for the initial
valuation, monitoring, and review over the life of the loan. Deutsche Bank’s underwriting standards require real estate
collateral to be appropriately insured against relevant risks including applicable natural hazards. In some countries,
supplemental insurance against natural hazards is provided by the government. The European residential real estate
portfolio amounted to € 166.4 billion at year-end 2024. Residential mortgages for private clients in Germany represent
approximately 92% of this amount and around 1.2 million German private residences financed by loans secured by
immovable properties are insured appropriately against relevant risks including applicable natural hazards. The insurance
cover by real estate owners is monitored and complemented or substituted by Deutsche Bank´s own insurance.
In addition, new valuations and re-valuations require the identification of material environmental physical and transition
risks that could materialize. Any identified material risks must be reflected in the credit decision and/or valuation if not
mitigated by construction measures and/or insurance cover. Comparable requirements are in place for other physical
collateral, including large movable assets (such as airplanes and ships) and smaller assets (such as cars and machines).
Insurance coverage on loan collateral is monitored on a regular basis, including by means of onsite inspections.
Market risk framework
As part of the Market Risk identification process, individual business lines are asked to consider forward-looking and/or
idiosyncratic material risks, including climate and other environmental risks, which must be included in the Market Risk
identification documentation. Additionally, as part of the new product and transaction approval control standards of the
Market & Valuation Risk Management function, climate and environmental drivers are required to be assessed and recorded
as part of the approval process.
Climate-related risks are managed within the existing market risk framework and treated as a price trigger, in the same way
as market events such as central bank announcements or earnings announcements. Market risk monitors and reports
internally “highly carbon intensive” exposures (as per Deutsche Bank’s climate risk taxonomy) and financed emissions in its
traded credit portfolio. The report provides granular views required for the management of exposures, and the top
exposures are reported to the Enterprise Risk Committee on a quarterly basis.
Furthermore, a weekly climate stress scenario to assess transition and physical risks in the trading book portfolio is
embedded into the bank’s market risk appetite framework.
Liquidity risk framework
Deutsche Bank uses stress testing and pathway analysis to assess the impact of climate risk on liquidity. In particular, the
bank’s stressed net liquidity position scenarios, which are run daily, include climate disasters as possible triggers of stress
(physical risks).
The analysis shows that physical risks are generally smaller than other risks for which the bank daily reserves liquidity.
Transition risk, which is expected to develop incrementally over many years, will be managed through the Group’s annual
funding planning processes. The bank also runs an internal climate stress test on liquidity.

268

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Non-financial risk framework
Non-Financial Risk Management has a dedicated policy on ESG Integration in the Risk Management Framework and
Operational Risk Framework Procedures detailing sustainability-related requirements for business divisions and Risk Type
Controllers. The team uses an ESG flag to identify operational risk types where key ESG risk drivers are identified in the
taxonomy.
The impacts of ESG risk drivers are assessed as part of the risk and control assessment process of relevant non-financial
risk types.
A monthly working group is in place to support collaboration between business divisions, risk and control functions on the
introduction and monitoring of ESG as an integral element of Non-Financial Risk Management. This working group acts as
a forum for sharing activities, new regulations, remediation activities, and monitoring ESG risk drivers across Deutsche
Bank’s non-financial risk profile.
In 2024, several banking supervisors and regulators continued to focus on the topic of greenwashing. Several initiatives
have been conducted by Deutsche Bank to improve its control environment and raise internal awareness on greenwashing,
including:
– Conducting a deep dive risk review in relation to the existing control environment around greenwashing;
– Applying scenario analysis as a standard risk management tool to investigate potential sources of ESG-related litigation
risks, understand the main drivers and causes of such scenarios (e.g., the misrepresentation of sustainability information
in corporate communication or public disclosures) as well as which controls or remediation activities can mitigate such
scenarios and what steps are to be taken to improve the control environment;
– Continuous monitoring of external cases of greenwashing; and
– Introducing mandatory greenwashing training for all Deutsche Bank employees
The management of reputational risk arising from climate and environmental risks is covered in the “ESG due diligence”
chapter within this Sustainability Statement.
Risk appetite framework
The development of risk appetite, escalation processes and governance was of particular importance in the
implementation of the climate and environmental risk management framework, and in particular:
– The establishment of risk appetite thresholds around the Net-Zero decarbonization targets, monitored via a dedicated
report, with breaches escalated to the Group Risk Committee and the Group Sustainability Committee
– The review of new transactions or limit extensions with a significant impact on the bank’s financed emissions or Net
Zero targets by a dedicated Net Zero Forum, consisting of senior representatives from the Business, Risk, and the Chief
Sustainability Office. The review of the forum’s members includes an assessment of the client’s sustainability
disclosures, transition strategies, decarbonization targets and governance. New transactions must fit within Deutsche
Bank’s internal sectoral risk appetite aligned to net-zero targets. In 2024, the Group-level sectoral risk appetite metrics
were cascaded to the business divisions, to enhance their responsibility and support their business strategies.
– The sectoral restriction of the Environmental and Social Policy Framework, which are monitored and enforced through
the Environmental and Social due diligence and the escalation requirements of the Reputational Risk Framework of the
bank; and
– The establishment of Early Warning Indicators for concentrations of climate-transition, climate-physical and naturerelated risks
More information on the bank’s metrics and targets, including achieved and expected emission reductions associated to
the targets, is provided in the “Metrics and targets” sub-chapter of the “Climate change” chapter. The Environmental and
Social Policy Framework is described in detail in the “ESG due diligence” chapter within this Sustainability Statement.
Trainings
Training and risk awareness sessions on climate and environmental risk were held throughout the year. The sessions were
delivered to risk management staff, businesses, and senior leadership teams in various jurisdictions, on topics such
sustainable finance, physical risk assessment, nature risks, and the Non-Financial Risk ESG policy. Furthermore, an ESG
section has been added to the mandatory Risk Awareness module in 2024.

269

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Resources
Climate and environmental risks and their integration into the bank’s risk management frameworks is managed via a
combination of dedicated resources within the Chief Risk Office function and existing resources who have extended their
remits to incorporate climate and environmental risk management into frameworks, policies, and processes.
In addition, dedicated staff are assigned under the Sustainability Key Deliverable to support the execution of the bank’s
sustainability strategy across divisions and functions. The Group Sustainability Committee, chaired by the Chief Executive
Officer, and its subordinate Sustainability Strategy Steering Committee, oversee the implementation of this change
program, which include the following risk-relevant workstreams:
– “Net Zero Alignment Strategy”, with the objective to operationalize net-zero commitment and decarbonization targets,
ranging from client transition dialogue to portfolio-steering
– “Risks, Controls and Governance”, with the responsibility to design and implement sustainability risk management
frameworks (including climate and environmental) as well as Group-wide governance on sustainability
– “Nature”, with the objective to incorporate nature elements into the risk management frameworks of risk and group
sustainability

Metrics and targets
Targets related to climate change mitigation
ESRS 2 MDR-T, ESRS E1-4
In December 2024, the bank’s Sustainability Committee approved the establishment of a new Net-Zero target for
Commercial Aviation. With the addition of this sector, Deutsche Bank has now published quantitative 2030 (interim) and
2050 (final) decarbonization targets for eight carbon-intensive sectors: Oil and Gas (Upstream), Power Generation,
Automotive (Light Duty), Steel, Coal Mining, Cement, Shipping, and Commercial Aviation.
Deutsche Bank’s targets are instrumental in the management of the bank’s material climate change impacts and risks. The
following decarbonization pathways are used: (i) the Net-Zero Emissions (NZE) by 2050 scenario of the International Energy
Agency (IEA); (ii) Poseidon Principles (PP) pathways which are calibrated against the Revised International Maritime
Organization (IMO) Strategy; and (iii) the Mission Possible Partnership Prudent Scenario for Commercial Aviation. Selected
decarbonization pathways model changes in customer preferences, regulatory factors and emerging technologies to
enable the modelling of sector-specific outcomes.
The bank’s decarbonization targets are fully integrated into Deutsche Bank’s risk appetite and risk management
framework.
Alignment to net-zero targets

Sector

Scopes Covered

Scenario

Oil and Gas (Upstream)
Power Generation
Automotives (Light Duty)
Steel
Coal Mining
Cement

Scope 3
Scope 1
Scope 3
Scope 1 and 2
Scope 3
Scope 1 and 2

Shipping

Scope 1

IEA NZE
MtCO2/y
2021
IEA NZE
kgCO2e/MWh
2021
IEA NZE
gCO2/vkm
2021
IEA NZE
kgCO2e/t steel
2021
IEA NZE
MtCO2/y
2022
IEA NZE
kgCO2e/t cement 2022
Revised IMO Strategy
- Minimum2
Portfolio Climate
2022
Revised IMO Strategy Alignment Score
2
- Striving
(%)
MPP PRU3
2023

Commercial Aviation

Scope 1

Metric unit

Year

Baseline

Target

Expected
reductions1

Total loan
commitment
(€ bn)

Metric
value

Dec 31,
2030

Baseline vs.
target

10.7
12.4
7.5
2.1
1.5
0.3

23.4
396
190
1,519
7.9
731

18.0
124
77
1,004
4.0
520
N/A

(23)%
(69)%
(59)%
(34)%
(49)%
(29)%
N/A

14.1
0.9
18.3
1.7

1.3

0
0

(18.3)pp
(1.3)pp

The expected reductions are defined as the percentage difference between the 2030 targets versus the baseline metrics. In the case of climate alignment scores,
however, reductions are expressed as percentage points differences. Deutsche Bank uses the Striving scenario for target setting for the shipping sector
2
Baseline year for Shipping represents when Deutsche Bank reported its Portfolio Climate Alignment Scores for the first time which was 2022 for the Revised IMO Strategy
3
Mission Possible Partnership Prudent Scenario
1

270

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Sector

Oil and Gas (Upstream)
Power Generation
Automotives (Light Duty)
Steel
Coal Mining
Cement
Shipping
Commercial Aviation

Environmental information
Climate change

Scenario

IEA NZE
IEA NZE
IEA NZE
IEA NZE
IEA NZE
IEA NZE
Revised IMO Strategy
– Minimum1
Revised IMO Strategy
– Striving1
MPP PRU2

Metric unit

Year

Total loan
commitment
(€ bn)

MtCO2/y
kgCO2e/MWh
gCO2/vkm
kgCO2e/t steel
MtCO2/y
kgCO2e/t cement

2024
2024
2024
2024
2024
2024

9.6
11.8
7.7
2.2
1.2
0.3

Portfolio Climate
Alignment Score (%)

2023

0.9

2023

1.7

Latest

Change vs.
Baseline
(Achieved
reductions)

Metric value

Metric
change

19.2
312
162
1,234
4.6
781
14.2

(18)%
(21)%
(15)%
(19)%
(42)%
7%
0.1pp

19.7

1.4pp

1.3

N/A

Deutsche Bank will publish year-end 2024 Portfolio Climate Alignment Scores in next year’s Sustainability Statement. Change vs. baseline is N/A for Commercial Aviation
as this is the first year of publication

1,2

Achieved and expected emissions reductions are disclosed in the relevant columns of the above target table. For Oil and
Gas (Upstream) and Coal Mining sectors, these reductions are expressed in absolute terms (i.e. Scope 3 End Use financed
emissions). For the remaining sectors, they reflect a change in the physical intensity metric or climate alignment scores
(which are expressed in percentages).
The conversion of the relative or physical intensity metrics sectoral targets into absolute reductions of GHG emissions (ex.
ESRS Requirement E1-4 34a/b) is not disclosed as the Transitional Provisions of ESRS1 par. 133b allows the bank to focus
on the more established physical intensity metrics required by the Pillar 3 legislation.
Since the inception of net-zero targets, the bank is making considerable decarbonization progress across sectors which
has been supported by active management of the business outlined in the above-mentioned Governance section. The
Cement sector has been an exception, however, due to the lack of readily available technological alternatives (i.e. a hardto-abate sector) as well as the reduced potential for active management given the bank’s small loan commitment size.
Oil and Gas (Upstream): Scope 3 financed emissions stood at 19.2 MtCO2/y as of year-end 2024, 4% higher year-on-year
but 18% below the 2021 baseline and below the NZ target pathway when linearly interpolating between 2021 and 2030.
The temporary effects seen in the first year (year-end 2022) which led to a sharp decline in financed emissions are now
being partially reversed as expected. Since target inception, the overall financed emissions reduced in line with the linear
reduction pathway implied by the 2030 net zero target. Total loan commitments marginally increased year-on-year from
€ 9.4 billion to € 9.6 billion. The year-on-year increase in financed emissions can be explained by three factors: (i) client
emission factors (tCO2/€ m) which led to an increase of 1.9 MtCO2/y; (ii) active management of the portfolio which led to
a decrease of 0.8 MtCO2/y; and (iii) loan exposure FX translation effects from 2022 to 2023 predominantly driven by U.S.
dollar depreciating versus the euro which led to financed emissions decreasing by 0.4 MtCO2/y. The bank expects Oil and
Gas financed emissions to remain volatile due to factors outside of its control such as the evolution of clients’ EVIC or total
assets which are key inputs into the calculation.
Power Generation: The Scope 1 physical emission intensity of Deutsche Bank’s Power Generation portfolio was
312 kgCO2e/MWh as of year-end 2024, 16% lower year-on-year predominantly driven by the movement of a single large
client position. The reduction in physical emission intensity came with total loan commitments decreasing year-on-year
from € 13.3 billion to € 11.8 billion.
Automotive (Light Duty): The Scope 3 physical emission intensity of Deutsche Bank’s Automotive portfolio was
162 gCO2/vkm as of year-end 2024, 1.8% higher year-on-year but 15% below the 2021 baseline. The portfolio tailpipe
emission intensity metric has marginally worsened due to a few material clients whose tailpipe emission intensities
increased year-on-year caused by a relative decrease in their production of vehicles with lower emission internal
combustion engines (ICE). All of the impacted clients have transition strategies in place. Total loan commitments have
remained constant year-on-year.
Steel: The Scope 1 and 2 physical emission intensity of Deutsche Bank’s Steel portfolio was 1,234 kgCO2e/t steel as of
year-end 2024, falling 10.8% year-on-year despite a marginal increase of loan commitments from € 2.0 billion to
€ 2.2 billion. The reduction in physical emission intensity has been predominantly driven by re-balancing towards lower
intensity clients.

271

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Coal Mining: Scope 3 financed emissions stood at 4.6 MtCO2/y as of year-end 2024 of which 2.4 and 2.2 MtCO2/y came
from thermal and metallurgical coal sources respectively and represents a 25% year-on-year decrease. Total loan
commitments of in-scope clients marginally decreased from € 1.4 billion to € 1.2 billion. While on a coal revenue share
basis, total loan commitments marginally increased to € 0.3 billion. The year-on-year decrease in financed emissions can
be explained by three factors: (i) client emission factors (tCO2/€ m) which led to financed emissions reduction of
2.2 MtCO2/y, (ii) client portfolio effects which led to an increase of 0.9 MtCO2/y; and (iii) loan exposure FX translation
effects from 2022 to 2023 predominantly driven by U.S. dollar depreciating versus the euro which led to financed
emissions decreasing by 0.2 MtCO2/y. The bank expects Coal Mining financed emissions to remain highly volatile due to
the metric’s sensitivity to factors such as the evolution of clients’ EVIC or total assets, coal mining production data sourced
from the bank’s data provider, coal mining revenue share (i.e. 5% threshold applied), and/or yearly FX translation effects.
Cement: The Scope 1 and 2 physical emission intensity of Deutsche Bank’s Cement portfolio was 781 kgCO2e/t as of yearend 2024, rising 2.4% year-on-year and 6.9% above the 2022 baseline. The increasing trend of portfolio-level physical
emission intensities since the baseline year can be explained by two factors: (i) the cement sector is a hard-to-abate sector;
and (ii) the bank’s smaller portfolio size with € 0.3 billion loan commitments as of year-end 2024 which results in less
potential for active portfolio management, as well as higher inherent metric volatility.
Shipping: As of year-end 2023, Deutsche Bank’s PP portfolio climate alignment scores were 19.7% and 14.2% for the
Striving and Minimum scenarios respectively and had marginally worsened by 1.4 pp and 0.1 pp year-on-year for the
Striving and Minimum scenarios respectively. A modelled-versus-verified Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER) ratio of 25:75 on a
loan-weighted basis was achieved and an improvement in terms of the use of verified AER shipping emission intensity data
compared to last year’s ratio of 30:70.
Aviation: This is the first year disclosing a portfolio climate alignment score following the Pegasus Guidelines which was
1.3% as of year-end 2023. The metric covers Scope 1 emissions from revenue generating passenger services and belly
freight, as well as dedicated cargo freight operations of commercial airliners. The current focus is on operators of aircrafts
given they have the greater influence on operational load factors as well as adoption of new technologies, both of which
will accordingly drive the industry’s CO2 emission levels. Lessors are currently excluded as the bank is assessing the
effectiveness of a physical emission intensity type target on lessors given their role is limited to modern aircraft rollout and
retrofitting existing aircrafts to use Sustainable Aviation Fuel. In line with the Pegasus Guidelines, Deutsche Bank’s yearend 2024 portfolio climate alignment score will be disclosed in next year’s Sustainability Statement, based on 2024 data.
Methodology notes
Corporate lending boundary:
– Deutsche Bank focuses on corporate lending within: (i) loans at amortized cost and (ii) irrevocable and revocable lending
commitment as found in the Risk Report section of Deutsche Bank’s Annual Report. As of year-end 2024, loans at
amortized cost and irrevocable and revocable lending commitment were € 484.6 billion and € 269.7 billion respectively.
– If corporate lending is reported under the bank’s underwriting policy as a position to be de-risked via the capital markets
then such corporate lending is excluded from the Net Zero Target Framework
– Corporate lending is identified according to Deutsche Bank’s internal sectoral classifications. The bank excludes all
lending to financial institutions, public sector, real estate, and securitization
Eight sectors in scope of Deutsche Bank’s Net-Zero Target Framework:
– The general approach of Deutsche Bank’s Net-Zero Target Framework is to follow industry practices such as the Paris
Agreement Capital Transition Assessment (PACTA) methodology, the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials
(PCAF) Standard, the Poseidon Principles, and the Pegasus Guidelines. While the following bullet points cover the main
methodological points, the reader can find more detailed information in the public domain on these open-source
methodologies
– Client-level asset data is sourced from Asset Impact, Det Norske Veritas, and IBA. Enterprise Value including cash (EVIC)
client data is sourced from MSCI
– The Oil and Gas (Upstream) sector follows a Scope 3 End Use financed emission approach which is expressed as
MtCO₂/y and covers upstream activities only. Oil and gas production values are converted into emissions by using
combustion constants from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Per the PCAF approach, the denominator
of the Attribution Factor is EVIC or total assets. The bank expects the Oil and Gas Scope 3 End Use financed emissions
to remain volatile due to factors outside of its control such as the evolution of clients’ EVIC or total assets which are key
inputs into the financed emissions calculation. In order to reduce volatility, the latest (year-end 2024) loan exposure
data is converted to EUR-equivalent loan exposures using 2023 FX rates such that is consistent with the bank’s latest
Scope 3 emission factors. The decarbonization pathway is calibrated from the IEA NZE (2021) datasets

272

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

– The Power Generation sector follows the PACTA approach and the metric tracked is a loan-weighted average of clients’
Scope 1 physical emission intensity expressed as kgCO₂e/MWh. Clients’ installed power capacity (MW) data is converted
to power generation (MWh) by using global capacity factors used in the IEA NZE (2021) scenario. This conversion from
capacity to generation accounts for the intermittent nature of renewables which have lower capacity factors compared
to nuclear sources, for example. The decarbonization pathway is calibrated from the IEA NZE (2021) datasets
– The Steel production sector follows the PACTA approach and the metric tracked is a loan-weighted average of clients’
Scope 1 and 2 physical emission intensity expressed as kgCO₂e/tons of steel. The decarbonization pathway is calibrated
from the IEA NZE (2021) datasets
– The Automotive sector follows the PACTA approach and the metric tracked is a loan-weighted average of clients’ Scope
3 (i.e., tailpipe/tank-to-wheel) physical emission intensity expressed as gCO₂/vehicle-kilometers. Deutsche Bank only
covers vehicle manufacturers and the Light Duty vehicle segment. The decarbonization pathway is calibrated from the
IEA NZE (2021) datasets
– The Coal Mining sector follows a Scope 3 End Use financed emission approach which is expressed as MtCO₂/y. Coal
mining production values are converted into emissions by using combustion constants from the U.S. EPA. Per the PCAF
approach, the denominator of the Attribution Factor is EVIC or total assets. In order to reduce volatility, the latest (yearend 2024) loan exposure data is converted to EUR-equivalent loan exposures using 2023 FX rates such that is consistent
with the bank’s latest Scope 3 emission factors. Eligible clients are considered in the following way: whether more than
5% of their revenue is derived from (thermal and metallurgical) coal mining, and if so, whether it could be tracked
alternatively via demand-led sectors such as Power Generation or Steel production. This is the preferred approach as it
incentivizes the reduction of the demand for coal mining and thus aims to avoid supply constrictions that could lead to
market imbalances. The bank expects Coal Mining metrics to remain volatile due to factors outside of its control such
as the evolution of clients’ EVIC or total assets which are key inputs into the financed emissions calculation. The
decarbonization pathway is calibrated from the IEA NZE (2022) datasets and on the ratio of thermal versus metallurgical
financed emissions as of the baseline reference year. Should this ratio significantly vary in the future, the pathway will
be re-calibrated such that it remains representative of the bank’s coal mining portfolio
– The Cement production sector follows the PACTA approach and the metric tracked is a loan-weighted average of
clients’ Scope 1 and 2 physical emission intensity expressed as kgCO₂e/tons of cement. Cementitious products (e.g. Fly
Ash) are not included. The decarbonization pathway is calibrated from the IEA NZE (2022) dataset
– The Shipping sector follows the Poseidon Principles methodology (Technical Guidance 5.1). The metric tracked is the
climate alignment score expressed as a percentage difference between a vessel’s Annual Efficiency Ratio (AER, e.g.,
gCO₂e/dwt-nm) versus its decarbonization pathway that is calibrated to said vessel’s type and size. The portfolio level
metric is the loan-weighted average of each vessel’s climate alignment score. The bank expects the Revised-Striving
and Revised-Minimum portfolio climate alignment metrics to be volatile given AER is sensitive to vessel operational
factors. The decarbonization pathway is calibrated from the International Maritime Organization (IMO) Revised Strategy
adopted at the Marine Environmental Protection Committee (MEPC 80) in July 2023
– The Aviation sector follows the Pegasus Guidelines methodology announced in April 2024. The metric tracked is the
climate alignment score expressed as a percentage difference between an airliner’s physical emission intensity
expressed as gCO₂e/revenue-ton-kilometers versus its decarbonization pathway of said airliner’s activity in terms of
passenger plus belly freight versus dedicated cargo freight. Currently, only commercial airliners are in scope. The bank
expects the portfolio climate alignment metrics to be volatile given sensitivity to passenger, belly freight, and dedicated
cargo freight load factors. The decarbonization pathway is from the Mission Possible Partnership “Prudent” (MPP PRU)
Roadmap. The portfolio-level climate alignment score is the percentage differences between the clients’ loan-weighted
average of their gCO₂e/revenue-ton-kilometers versus said clients’ loan-weighted average of their points in their
decarbonization pathways weighted by their activities in terms of passenger plus belly freight versus dedicated cargo
freight
Client-purchased offsets (certificates based on GHG reductions, permits, and/or avoidance schemes) are not taken into
account as Deutsche Bank’s net-zero target framework is based on metrics that are defined as a combination of: (i) the
technical characteristics of the assets; and (ii) GHG conversion factors of physical activities.
Consistent with the Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) Guidelines for Climate Target Setting for Banks (Version 2), Deutsche
Bank pursues third-party independent limited assurance over the reporting against targets, including the establishment of
a baseline.

273

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Deutsche Bank has not established targets for its residential real estate portfolios which accelerate the goals made by
policy makers for Deutsche Bank’s main real estate markets but supports the decarbonization of the sector through three
main levers:
– The provision of expert advice (including on how to access government support) and logistic and financial assistance to
homeowners wishing to improve the energy efficiency of their dwellings (reflected in the section on Sustainable Finance
within the sub-chapter Private Bank)
– The establishment of targets for “upstream” industries that provide energy and materials to the residential real estate
sector, such as power generation, cement, and steel (this in turn reduces Scope 2 and 3 emissions from the real estate
sector)
– The engagement with policymakers, governments, and peer banks to develop approaches and priorities to support the
decarbonization of the sector
Given the significant financing requirements of the transition to more energy-efficient housing, and the financial challenge
facing private homeowners, it is vital to avoid unintended consequences, hence Deutsche Bank has not set a net-zero
target comparable to those established for carbon-intensive industries to avoid the risk of restricting the flow of financing
into energy-efficient housing and penalizing private clients in the current macroeconomic environment. Apart from social
aspects such as affordable living, as well as customer protection schemes, client willingness and the client’s financial
capacity play a decisive role.

274

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

275

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Financed Emissions: Scope 3 Category 15
ESRS E1-6
The financed emissions calculations follow the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (“PCAF”) Standard as
detailed in the Methodological Notes in this section and are in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (see their Guidance on Metrics, Targets, and Transition Plans).
Financed emissions calculations are based on disclosed Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions of Deutsche Bank’s clients. Such
emission data is sourced from third-party providers, and if client-level data is not available, proxy data is used. This data is
mapped to the bank’s loan commitments and clients’ EVIC to calculate financed emissions at the client and portfolio levels.
For selected mortgage and commercial real estate portfolios, emissions are estimated using proxies which are based on
Energy Performance Certificate ratings and internal methodologies.
The tables below show the overall corporate industry loan exposure and financed emissions broken down by the top ten
sectors which contribute to the largest amount of the bank’s summed Scope 1, 2, and 3 financed emissions. Any
differences in top ten sector rankings shown in the year-end 2024 and 2023 tables are due to changes in the bank’s
portfolio composition of clients. The table also shows how much Scope 1, 2, and 3 financed emissions stem from clients
which are also tracked in the NZ target framework. Lastly, the table shows total lending of the bank secured by real estate,
as well as loan exposure and financed emissions of the EU residential real estate portfolio.

276

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Loan exposure and financed emissions of the corporate lending book and residential real estate
Dec 31, 2024
Financed Emissions

Loan Exposure
Scope 1&2, MtCO2e/y
Outstanding

Total corporate industry loan exposure
thereof: Manufacturing and Engineering
thereof: Automotives
thereof: Oil and gas
thereof: Utilities
thereof: Consumer Goods
thereof: Steel, Metals and Mining
thereof: Chemicals
thereof: Retail
thereof: Conglomerate
thereof: Construction
thereof: Others2
In the scope of net-zero targets
Oil and Gas (Upstream)
Power Generation
Automotives (Light Duty)
Steel
Coal Mining
Cement
Shipping3
Commercial Aviation3
Total loans secured by real estate
thereof: Secured by non-residential RE
thereof: Secured by residential RE
thereof: EU
Germany
Italy
Spain
Rest of EU
thereof: Outside of EU
1
2
3

€ bn.1
117.7
9.8
7.0
5.6
5.2
11.4
3.5
3.1
10.5
5.6
4.1
52.0

%
100.0
8.3
5.9
4.8
4.4
9.7
3.0
2.6
8.9
4.8
3.5
44.2

€ bn.
290.3
30.5
18.1
15.3
16.3
28.1
8.2
10.4
19.3
7.4
9.2
127.6

Total
Commitments

%
100.0
10.5
6.2
5.3
5.6
9.7
2.8
3.6
6.6
2.5
3.2
43.9

100
28.7
71.3
97.0
92.1
2.5
3.8
1.6
3.0

Scope 3, MtCO2e/y

Scope 1&2

Scope 3

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

32.0
1.0
0.6
9.9
8.1
1.7
1.6
0.7
0.4
1.9
0.9
5.4

64.7
3.4
1.5
16.8
15.9
4.1
4.2
3.2
0.7
2.3
2.2
10.4

135.1
16.5
26.4
20.2
9.2
13.4
9.0
4.0
8.2
7.9
3.6
16.9

427.8
140.8
76.3
54.6
17.3
27.2
22.3
13.2
14.7
10.7
7.8
43.0

4.4
4.4
3.5
4.3
4.5
4.0
3.9
4.5
4.4
4.0
4.6
4.6

3.8
3.8
3.2
3.7
3.4
3.5
3.7
3.7
4.1
4.1
4.4
3.8

4.6
4.5
3.7
4.3
4.7
4.1
4.2
4.7
4.5
4.8
4.8
4.8

4.2
4.1
3.5
4.1
3.9
3.9
4.1
4.3
4.3
4.8
4.7
4.4

9.6
11.8
7.7
2.2
1.2
0.3
−
−
240.6
69.1
171.5
166.4
153.2
4.2
6.4
2.6
5.1

PCAF Data Quality Score
(5 = lowest)

13.0
13.7
0.5
2.0
0.8
0.4
−
−
N/A
N/A
N/A
2.2
1.9
0.1
0.2
0.1
N/A

34.8
15.2
37.5
3.4
4.9
0.2
−
−

3.1
3.2
2.2
3.7
3.0
2.2
−
−

4.0
3.8
2.6
4.4
3.0
3.0
−
−

N/A
N/A
N/A
4.1
4.1
4.6
3.0
5.0
N/A

Securitized aviation loans are excluded as the PCAF Standard cannot be applied
As of year-end 2024, Others’ financed emissions were driven by the following sectors: Aerospace and Defense, Healthcare and Pharma, Technology, Transportation, Other Corporates, Services, Leisure, Media, Telecoms, Leasing and Rental, and General Trading Companies (Japan)
Deutsche Bank will publish in next year’s report

277

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Dec 31, 2023
Loan Exposure

Outstanding

€ bn.
101.2
10.3
7.4
7.0
4.1
11.1
3.9
2.9
8.8
3.6
0.4
41.6

1

Total corporate industry loan exposure
thereof: Manufacturing and Engineering
thereof: Automotives
thereof: Oil and gas
thereof: Utilities
thereof: Consumer Goods
thereof: Steel, Metals and Mining
thereof: Chemicals
thereof: Retail
thereof: Construction
thereof: Aerospace and Defense
thereof: Others2
In the scope of net-zero targets
Oil and Gas (Upstream)
Power Generation
Automotives (Light Duty)
Steel
Coal Mining
Cement
Shipping
Commercial Aviation
Total loans secured by real estate
thereof: Secured by non-residential RE
thereof: Secured by residential RE
thereof: EU
Germany
Italy
Spain
Rest of EU
thereof: Outside of EU
1
2
3

%
100.0
10.2
7.3
6.9
4.1
11.0
3.9
2.9
8.7
3.6
0.4
41.1

€ bn.
261.1
28.5
18.3
14.9
17.5
26.2
7.4
10.8
17.0
9.0
4.1
107.4

Scope 1&2, MtCO2e/y

Scope 3, MtCO2e/y3

Scope 1&2

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

137.5
19.0
31.4
28.8
3.4
12.5
9.3
3.8
7.1
2.9
0.8
18.5

392.0
108.0
83.4
53.5
20.7
24.3
19.6
15.3
12.7
7.2
8.9
38.5

4.3
4.3
3.4
4.3
3.9
4.0
3.9
4.3
4.4
4.6
4.4
4.5

3.7
3.8
3.3
3.8
3.1
3.6
3.8
3.8
4.1
4.4
2.7
3.8

4.5
4.5
3.8
4.5
4.2
4.2
4.2
4.7
4.5
4.8
4.6
4.7

4.2
4.2
3.7
4.2
3.8
3.9
4.2
4.4
4.4
4.7
3.8
4.4

Total Commitments

Outstanding

Total
Commitments

%
100.0
10.9
7.0
5.7
6.7
10.1
2.8
4.1
6.5
3.4
1.6
41.1

28.1
0.8
0.5
12.1
4.2
1.4
2.3
1.0
0.3
1.0
0.0
4.4

63.5
3.0
1.4
16.4
18.6
3.9
3.8
3.8
0.6
2.9
0.1
8.9

9.4
13.3
7.7
2.0
1.4
0.3
0.9
1.7
246.5
69.5
177.1
172.6
158.1
4.8
6.3
3.3
4.5

100.0
28.2
71.8
97.5
91.6
2.8
3.6
1.9
2.5

PCAF Data Quality Score
(5 = lowest)

Financed Emissions

13.4
16.2
0.4
1.7
0.6
0.6
1.4
1.1
N/A
N/A
N/A
2.5
2.1
0.1
0.2
0.1
N/A

33.5
17.9
40.6
5.5
6.0
0.3
0.5
0.7

Scope 33

3.4
2.8
2.3
3.8
2.7
2.5
4.5
2.5

4.1
3.6
2.8
4.6
2.7
3.2
4.8
3.5

N/A
N/A
N/A
4.1
4.2
4.6
3.3
5.0
N/A

Securitized aviation loans are excluded as the PCAF Standard cannot be applied
As of year-end 2023, Others’ financed emissions were driven by the following sectors: Conglomerate, Other Corporates, Technology, Transportation, Healthcare and Pharma, Services, Leisure, Media, Telecoms, Leasing and Rental, and General Trading Companies (Japan)
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year

278

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Corporate Lending Portfolio
On a loan outstanding basis, Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions increased year-on-year from 28.1 to 32.0 MtCO2e/y while
Scope 3 financed emissions decreased year-on-year from 137.5 to 135.1 MtCO2e/y. On a total corporate lending basis,
Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions increased year-on-year from 63.5 to 64.7 MtCO2e/y and Scope 3 financed emissions
increased year-on-year from 392.0 to 427.8 MtCO2e/y. Despite Scope 1, 2, and 3 financed emissions increasing year-onyear, Scope 1, 2 versus 3 economic intensities have decreased by 8.3% and 1.9% respectively as total loan commitments
have increased 11% year-on-year of which roughly one-quarter can be explained by FX translation effects from 2023 to
2024.
The inclusion of the bank’s client’s Scope 3 emissions for the first time has changed the top three sector rankings Manufacturing and Engineering, Automotives, and Oil and Gas - where for the first and second sectors, their high emissions
are driven by their total expected lifetime emissions of their sold products.
In terms of year-on-year changes, the Utilities sector has been notable as its Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions decreased
by 2.7 MtCO2e/y and its economic intensity decreased by 8.0% which was driven by the movement of a single large client.
In terms of Scope 3 financed emissions, the Manufacturing and Engineering sector increased by 33 MtCO2e/y year-on-year
and its economic intensity increased by 22% year-on-year which was mainly driven by a single client with a high emission
intensity due to the lifetime emissions of its products sold in the power generation sector. Products sold in this sector such
as gas turbines are tracked via the bank’s Net-Zero Target Framework which covers power generation clients that operate
gas power plants assets.
On a total loan commitment basis, the following factors can explain year-on-year changes in Scope 1, 2 and 3 financed
emissions:
– For Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions, due to the general rise of Enterprise Values (including Cash) (EVICs) from 2022
to 2023, client-specific emission factors decreased which led to a financed emissions reduction of 1.4 MtCO₂e/y. For
Scope 3 financed emissions, the same effect also led to a financed emissions reduction of 2.1 MtCO₂e/y
– Data quality improved year-on-year which led to a financed emissions decrease of 0.1 MtCO₂e/y for Scope 1 and 2 and
an increase of 8.7 MtCO₂e/y for Scope 3 financed emissions
– Year-on-year FX translation effects of euro-equivalent loan exposures led to a financed emissions increase of 0.9
MtCO₂e/y and 9.2 MtCO₂e/y for Scope 1 and 2 versus Scope 3 financed emissions, respectively. This is due to the U.S.
dollar strengthening against the euro between year-end 2023 and year-end 2024
– The remaining factor is client portfolio effects which contributed to increases of 1.9 MtCO₂e/y for Scope 1 and 2
financed emissions and 20.0 MtCO₂e/y for Scope 3 financed emissions
Residential Real Estate Portfolio
As of year-end 2024, financed emissions for the European residential real estate portfolio amounted from 2.5 to 2.2
MtCO2e/y with an energy intensity reduction from 13.7 to 13.04 kgCO₂e/m²/y. The lower financed emissions in 2024 are
mainly driven by the reduced volume size of the mortgage portfolio. The combination of regular repayment and lower
loan-to-values reduce the bank’s part of financed emissions.
Methodological notes
Financed emissions of the corporate loan portfolio:
– This bank follows the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) Standard, Part A (2022), where more
technical information can be found in the public domain given its open-source status. In particular, the financed
emissions approach for the corporate loan portfolio follows Chapter 5.2
– Deutsche Bank focuses on corporate lending within: (i) loans at amortized cost and (ii) irrevocable and revocable lending
commitment as found in the Risk Report section of Deutsche Bank’s Annual Report. As of year-end 2024, loans at
amortized cost and irrevocable and revocable lending commitment were € 484.6 billion and € 269.7 billion respectively.
– If corporate lending is judged to ultimately facilitate a primary issuance and is covered by a sector tracked by the net
zero target framework, then such corporate lending is considered as part of the facilitated emissions methodology and
hence excluded from financed emissions calculations
– Corporate lending is identified according to Deutsche Bank’s internal sectoral classifications. The bank excludes all
lending to financial institutions, public sector, real estate, and securitizations
– Scope 1, 2, and 3 financed emissions are calculated on a total loan commitment basis so as to align with the approach
used for the bank’s decarbonization targets

279

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

– The financed emissions figures rely on client-specific data as well as proxy emissions factors. Scope 1 and 2 clientspecific emissions data is sourced from MSCI and is always reported data from the client. Scope 3 client-specific
emissions data is sourced from MSCI and can be either reported or estimated using MSCI’s proprietary logic. Scope 1
and 2 proxy emission factors are sourced from PCAF and use the 2019 Exiobase dataset (Exiobase v3.7, base year 2015)
version as recommended by PCAF given these proxies were used in the baseline reference year. Scope 3 proxy emission
factors are internally built sector-country averages based on client-specific emissions data (reported and estimated)
from MSCI
– Enterprise Value including cash (EVIC) is used as the denominator of the PCAF attribution factor and sourced from MSCI
– Scope 3 financed emissions estimates are expected to remain volatile due to factors outside of the bank’s control such
as: (i) the evolution of clients’ EVIC, as well as (ii) the inclusion of total expected lifetime emissions from products sold
which are significantly higher in sectors related to manufacturing activities, for example
– Differences in Scope 3 financed emissions estimates can arise for the Oil and Gas and Coal Mining sectors between the
bank’s ‘Financed Emissions: Scope 3 Category 15’ versus the Net-Zero Target Framework. This can be explained by: (i)
different coverage of Scope 3 categories; or (ii) different coverage of sub-sectors; or (iii) differences in Scope 3 emission
factor estimates due to differing approaches in terms of methodology and/or dataset
– There is no correction attempted for the possibility of emissions double-counting (or more) as a result of introducing
clients’ Scope 3 emissions (alongside their Scope 1 and 2 emissions) in financed emissions calculation
– PCAF Data Quality scores are calculated according to the rules outlined in the PCAF Standard and reflect the extent to
which sectoral proxy estimates were utilized in the calculation of financed emissions. They are an indication of the
challenges that the bank and the industry still face with getting access to consistent and audited client-specific climate
risk data. Methodology and data changes may significantly impact the estimates over time
– As of year-end 2024, the share of primary data used for the calculation of Scope 1 and 2 was 41%, and 17% for Scope 3
financed emissions, on a total loan commitment basis. Primary data is defined as data which is flagged as “reported” by
MSCI that the bank uses to source emission data
– Client-purchased offsets (certificates based on GHG reductions, permits, and/or avoidance schemes) are not taken into
account in financed emissions calculations
Financed Emissions of Residential Real Estate:
– Deutsche Bank identifies loans collateralized by residential real estate based on the Financial Reporting (FinRep)
definition in accordance with the EZB-Regulation on reporting of regulatory financial information
– Financed emissions and emissions intensity of Deutsche Bank’s European residential real estate portfolio are calculated
by applying a model-based approach, incorporating Energy Performance Certificates (real and proxied), real estate
collateral data, decarbonization scenarios, DENA and PCAF data. Based on the PCAF methodology, Deutsche Bank
restricts the transition risk metrics to financed emissions and emissions intensity which are defined by the proportion of
the collateral linked to the outstanding loan amount
– The Net Zero projections towards 2050 are performed by deploying the International Energy Agency (IEA)
decarbonization scenarios as well as country specific Carbon Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) pathways
– The PCAF Data Quality scores are calculated according to the instructions for mortgages as outlined in PCAF’s The
Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard Part A: Financed Emissions (Second edition, December 2022) and
incorporates the usage of EPC data (i.e., CO₂ values). The scores reflect the extent to which proxy estimates were utilized
i.e., PCAF DQ score 2 is applied if the available EPC contains the respective CO₂ value, whereas estimation of CO₂ values
based on real EPC data result in a PCAF DQ score of 3. A PCAF DQ score 4 is linked to CO₂ values being estimated by
the above-mentioned model-based approach. PCAF DQ score 5 is assigned if none of the above apply. In the final stage,
after assigning the PCAF DQ score, the average score per counterparty domicile (Germany, Italy, and Spain) is
calculated, weighted by the outstanding gross carrying amount
– The share of primary data used for the calculation of financed emissions is 5.5% on an outstanding gross carrying
amount basis. Primary data is defined as utilizing actual EPC data without proxy which reflects a PCAF Data Quality
score of 2
Other metrics used to monitor climate-transition risks
The bank uses additional global and sector-specific key performance indicators to monitor and steer climate risk across its
portfolios. Examples of these indicators are Scope technology mixes, and the share of clients with reported net-zero
targets.

280

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Climate physical risk for real estate assets
Climate physical risks for real estate assets are assessed using S&P physical exposure score data for eight hazards (coastal
flooding, riverine/fluvial flooding, tropical cyclone, extreme heat, extreme cold, wildfire, drought, and water stress) across
four scenarios (low, medium, medium-high, and high risk). To estimate the overall exposure to physical climate risks,
Deutsche Bank utilizes composite hazards scores and the medium-high risk scenario (a limited mitigation scenario in which
total greenhouse gas emissions double by 2100 and global average temperatures rise between 2.8°C and 4.6°C by 2100).
For the purpose of public disclosures, Deutsche Bank considers the fluvial flood, coastal flood and tropical cyclones as
acute risk and maps water stress, drought, wildfire, extreme heat and extreme cold as chronic risk.
Only a small proportion of the bank’s European residential real estate portfolio is deemed vulnerable to acute or chronic
physical risks as the physical risk factors for Europe are significantly lower than in other parts of the world. Furthermore,
residual risk remains low for the European residential real estate portfolio owing to the insurance coverage of private
clients, additional all-risks insurance for Germany (Deutsche Bank as an issuer of covered bonds is obliged to have this
insurance in place), and national protection schemes in Italy and Spain.
A summary of exposures to chronic and acute physical risks is provided in the table below.
Loan exposure to physical risks of the Residential Real Estate portfolio
Dec 31, 2024
Loan exposure, Outstanding € bn
Country

Total

Chronic

Acute

EU
thereof: Germany
thereof: Spain
thereof: Italy
thereof: Rest of EU
Non-EU

166.4
153.2
6.4
4.2
2.6
5.1

18.1
14.7
2.3
1.2
0.0
0.2

0.6
0.3
0.0
0.2
0.0
1.6

Dec 31, 2023
Loan exposure, Outstanding € bn
Country

Total

Chronic

Acute

EU
thereof: Germany
thereof: Spain
thereof: Italy
thereof: Rest of EU
Non-EU

172.6
158.1
6.3
4.8
3.3
4.5

4.4
2.0
1.0
1.1
0.3
2.1

1.3
0.9
0.0
0.1
0.3
1.8

The continuous enhancements to processes, refinement of methodology and forward-looking information can result in
changes to exposures subject to physical risks.
Nature-related (or other-environmental) risks
Industry standards and methodologies in relation to nature risk identification, monitoring and target setting are at an early
stage of development. While not considered material for the 2024 DMA assessment, recognizing the increasing
importance of these risks to the bank and its stakeholders (from regulators and supervisors to investors and clients),
Deutsche Bank developed an in-house approach for the identification of exposures potentially vulnerable to naturerelated risks.
Deutsche Bank’s analysis of nature-related risks focuses on four different types of nature loss: (i) terrestrial biodiversity
and habitat loss; (ii) water depletion; (iii) marine ecosystem degradation; and (iv) ecosystem degradation from waste and
pollution. This classification allows the bank to capture in its assessment most of the pressures on nature from human
activities, as listed by the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) and ecosystem services of the ENCORE tool.
The bank identifies exposure to each of the four types of nature loss based on a waterfall approach that considers:
– A client-level assessment, based on the relevant environmental ratings, when available
– A sector and country assessment, which identifies companies active in sectors with high impact or high dependency on
nature that are domiciled in vulnerable countries

281

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

For the sector-level assessment of impacts, the bank utilizes the Sector Materiality tool of the Science-Based Target
Network due to its consideration of indirect, upstream value chain impacts. The ENCORE tool is used for the assessment
of sector dependencies. For the assessment of country vulnerability, the bank uses different sources for each of the nature
loss types in its analysis. The table below reports the exposures identified as potentially vulnerable to Nature risks
according to this approach:
Loan exposure to nature-related risks of the corporate lending book
Dec 31, 2024
Loan Exposure, Outstanding € bn

Nature loss type

Total corporate industry loan exposure
thereof: Water depletion
thereof: Terrestrial biodiversity and habitat loss
thereof: Ecosystem degradation from waste and pollution
thereof: Marine ecosystem degradation

€ bn.

% of portfolio

o/w identified
through client
level data

117.7
18.9
12.7
9.9
6.5

100.0
16.1
10.8
8.4
5.5

N/A
1.9
3.6
5.0
4.1

o/w identified
through client
level data (%)

N/A
10.1
28.5
50.0
63.2
Dec 31, 2023

Loan Exposure, Outstanding € bn

Nature loss type

Total corporate industry loan exposure
thereof: Water depletion
thereof: Terrestrial biodiversity and habitat loss
thereof: Ecosystem degradation from waste and pollution
thereof: Marine ecosystem degradation

€ bn.

% of portfolio

o/w identified
through client
level data

o/w identified
through client
level data (%)

101.2
17.3
11.6
9.2
6.4

100.0
17.1
11.5
9.1
6.3

N/A
2.2
4.6
5.5
4.7

N/A
12.7
39.2
60.2
74.0

The increase in exposure to nature risks (between +1.5% YoY for Marine, to +9.2% YoY for Water depletion) is lower than
the overall growth of the in scope portfolio in the period +16.3% YoY (from € 101.2 to € 117 billion).
As the same client can be exposed to risks related to different nature loss types, the amounts in the table above are not
additive. Total exposure to clients identified as vulnerable to at least one nature risk type is € 30.6 billion.
Exposures presented in the table above were calculated using the same approach used for the bank’s 2023 disclosures.
The bank is currently in the process of reviewing its approach to risk identification as methodologies and data evolve
rapidly.
After participating in the consultative forum of the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) in 2023, the
bank continues to be highly engaged with the industry around nature, and participates to initiatives including the PRB
Nature working group and the Nature Expert Group of the Institute of International Finance.
Current and anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks
No material financial effects from physical and transition risks were observed during the fiscal year 2024. Anticipated
future financial effects from climate risks are discussed in the “Resilience of the bank” sub-chapter of the “Climate change”
chapter within this Sustainability Statement. In its first year of implementation of the EFRAG standard, the bank has made
use of the phase-in option of ESRS 1 - Appendix C, with regards to the more detailed requirements stipulated by ESRS E19 on the topic.

282

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Client portfolios in Asset Management
Governance
For more information pertaining to sustainability strategy and governance at Deutsche Bank’s Asset Management division,
DWS, please refer to the chapters “Sustainability Strategy” and the sub-chapter “Sustainability Governance” in the
“Governance” chapter within this Sustainability Statement.

Strategy
ESRS E1-1
Deutsche Bank’s Asset Management division (DWS) intention is to become climate-neutral by 2050, in line with the Paris
agreement, both at the operational and portfolio level.
In 2024, DWS published climate transition plan-related information across multiple documents including its Net Zero
Annual Disclosure and its TCFD-aligned Climate Report. However, DWS has not published a standalone climate transition
plan.
DWS will continue to monitor the developments on evolving market standards concerning appropriate disclosures on
climate transition plans. This will inform its approach and timing going forward.

Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS E1-2, ESRS E1-3
DWS´s Net Zero thematic engagement program was initiated in 2021 as part of the commitment to the Net Zero Asset
Managers initiative and the selection criteria for engagement with investee companies have been refined over the past
years.
In 2024, for Net Zero thematic engagement, DWS identified a number of investee companies from High Climate Impact
Sectors based on several climate-related criteria. These included their involvement in thermal coal activities, as well as
their contribution to the overall weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) of DWS´s Net Zero in-scope portfolios, with
additional consideration for companies in certain sectors with material Scope 3 emissions intensity. The entities whose
investee companies are in scope for Net Zero engagement are DWS Investment GmbH, DWS International GmbH, DWS
Investment S.A. and DWS CH AG.
As a result of the refined selection method, DWS sent 30 Net Zero thematic engagement letters to new companies, as well
as to companies that had previously not responded to DWS´s requests.
In 2024, DWS conducted thematic net-zero engagements. The majority of these meetings were follow-ups primarily aimed
at assessing the companies’ progress on implementing their climate strategies, setting science-based targets, and
enhancing the transparency of their disclosure in line with international standards.
DWS has the following list of policies to support its Portfolio Net Zero approach:
ESG Integration Policy: The policy defines and governs the incorporation of sustainability risks and opportunities into
DWS´s Active investment processes. For more details, please refer to “Sustainable Finance – Asset Management” chapter
of this Sustainability Statement.
Proxy Voting Policy: The EMEA Proxy Voting Policy outlines DWS´s proxy voting guidelines and offers detailed information
regarding under which circumstances DWS would vote against certain agenda items at investee company annual general
meetings (AGM) for example voting on climate-related proposals. For more details, please refer to the “Sustainable Finance
– Asset Management” chapter in this Sustainability Statement.
Coal Policy: The DWS Coal Policy follows on from DWS´s Net Zero commitment and is designed to reduce investments in
and funding of thermal coal-related activities. In-scope products of the policy are restricted from investing in Coal
developers and companies with coal share of revenues greater than 25%. In addition, the policy seeks a complete phase
out of thermal coal use from EU/OECD countries by 2030 and rest of the world by 2040.
Global Sustainability Framework for DWS Private Real Estate Investment Management: The Global Sustainability
Framework (GSF) for DWS Private Real Estate Investment Management sets out key principles and processes concerning
DWS Private Real Estate’s approach to consideration sustainability in the private real estate investment management. For
more details, please refer to the “Sustainable Finance – Asset Management” chapter of this Sustainability Statement.

283

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Environmental information
Climate change

Metrics and targets
ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 MDR-T
As a signatory to the NZAM initiative, in 2021 DWS set itself an interim 2030 target of reducing the WACI of its in-scope
assets under management by 50% relative to the baseline year of 2019, on an inflation-adjusted basis.
In January 2025, NZAM launched a review of the initiative to ensure NZAM remains fit for purpose in the new global context.
As the initiative undergoes this review, it has suspended its activities. DWS aims to regularly review its approach to reflect
changing regulatory, market and client developments as appropriate. In that context, DWS seeks to also consider the final
outcomes of the NZAM review.
DWS applies the inflation-adjusted WACI instead of the standard WACI to strip out the effect of price increases from the
decarbonization metric. Otherwise, a nominal increase in revenues due to inflation would lead to a reduction in the financial
carbon intensity of companies, although there is no decarbonization in real terms. The surge in inflation in recent years has
highlighted the importance of adopting this approach.
In the 2019 baseline, the WACI amounted to 170.2 tons of CO2 equivalents per million $ of revenue (“tCO2e/mn$”). In 2022,
this has changed to 101.4 tons of CO2e/mn$. Stripping out the effect of inflation, this amounts to an inflation-adjusted
reduction of 33.6% over three years.
Due to a lag in reporting and availability of emissions data, these calculations are based on DWS´s portfolio holdings as of
year-end 2023 using the emissions data from the previous year of those respective holding companies, which is 2022.
Similarly, the baseline figure was based on year-end 2020 portfolio holdings and 2019 emissions.
The change in WACI of DWS´s portfolios is the combined result of three main underlying effects:
– Changes to portfolio holdings due to fund flows, market movements, or other portfolio considerations
– Changes to the carbon intensity of holding companies themselves
– Changes to the product mix, i.e. existing products being closed or new product launches
The 33.6% inflation-adjusted cumulative decrease in WACI over the first three years represents significant progress
towards DWS´s 50% reduction target by 2030. However, in the short-term, the WACI metric can be affected by external
factors like security price movements and client flows that are beyond the control of DWS and its investee companies. As
these factors can introduce volatility to the metric on a year-on-year basis, DWS does not expect the path of WACI
reduction to follow a linear trend. This short-term volatility notwithstanding, DWS remains committed to its 2030 interim
target of a 50% inflation-adjusted WACI reduction.
In 2024, the absolute scope 3 portfolio emissions (in tCO2e) excl. Sovereigns was 26,046,373 and the absolute scope 3
portfolio emissions (in tCO2e) for sovereigns was 23,655,494.
The absolute financed emissions provided are calculated for DWS´s holdings in the asset classes of equities, corporate
bonds (including use of proceeds bonds), sovereign debt and direct real estate. Financed emissions from holdings in subsovereign debt, fund of fund holdings, investments in real estate debt and Illiquid infrastructure equity and debt
investments are not included in this calculation.
Data for emissions of holdings in liquid investments i.e. equities and corporate and sovereign bonds is sourced from thirdparty data providers. These include emissions of CO2 as well as several other greenhouse gases converted to their CO2
equivalent using their 100-year Global warming potential. For most of DWS´s AuM, the emissions data provided by data
vendors is based on the numbers reported by the issuer, while the rest is estimated by the data provider according to their
methodology.
DWS´s apportioned emissions are calculated using an attribution factor determined by the ratio between its outstanding
holdings (numerator) and either Enterprise Value Including Cash for corporate issuers or GDP for sovereign issuers
(denominator).
Scope 1 and 2 emissions of DWS´s holding companies are included, while the scope 3 emissions are not. For sovereign
debt, the Scope 1 emissions reported include Land Use, Land Use Change and Forestry.
Financed emissions for DWS´s direct real estate holdings are calculated according to Global Real Estate Sustainability
Benchmark, which is aligned with Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials, and Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor. DWS
reports financed emissions for its entire real estate holdings including residential and not just commercial real estate.
However, emissions for real estate debt portfolios are not included in its reporting.

284

Social
Deutsche Bank places strategic importance on social aspects. This includes the social
­dimension of its sustainable finance and ESG investment volumes, the fostering of a
­diverse and qualified workforce, attractive working conditions, a strong focus on client
­centricity and adherence to human rights.

The global network
FTE per region
Numbers may not add up due to rounding

35,160

89,753

Germany

Total FTE

7,911
Part time employees
(in FTE)

56

7,991
Americas

Countries represented

28,930

17,672

Asia-Pacific,
Middle East
and Africa

Europe
excluding
Germany

160
Nationalities

16,032

7,998

24,879

4,575

36,269

Corporate Bank

Investment Bank

Private Bank

Asset Management

Infrastructure

Facts and figures 2024

526

1.76m

33%

67

talent acceleration
programs participants
cross-divisional

total training hours

women in Corporate
Titles Managing Director,
Director, Vice President

net promoter score
Private Bank Germany
(after interaction)

38.8%

69.89%

67%

53

global unadjusted gender
pay gap (impacted by
business model and
geography)

culture pulse index
(average favorability
score)

commitment score
according to the
People Survey

net promoter score
Asset Management
(Top 170 clients)

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Social Information
Own workforce
Deutsche Bank’s own workforce is pivotal to achieving the bank’s corporate strategy, as its business model largely relies
on its engaged and capable workforce, their ideas, skills, commitment, and well-being. The excellence and dedication of
the bank’s employees is key in offering expert advice to Deutsche Bank clients, creating innovative solutions tailored to
their needs, and delivering high quality products to ensure their financial security and lasting success. The increased pace
of change driven by technology, globalization, sustainable growth, and customer demands places professional workforce
management, organizational capabilities, the offering of attractive working conditions and equal access to opportunities
at center stage, as described in the following chapter. In this chapter, the term own workforce in the sense of the ESRS S1
covers employees as well as so-called non-employees, as defined in the sub-chapter “Characteristics of non-employees in
Deutsche Bank’s own workforce”.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
The Global Head of Human Resources of Deutsche Bank Group is accountable for all Human Resources (HR) matters of
Deutsche Bank. The position holder oversees Group HR comprised of HR central product teams, regional HR teams and
divisional HR teams with solid reporting lines. The Global Head of Human Resources represents HR matters in relevant
committees of the bank. The position holder defines and coordinates the Group's HR strategy and the related priorities,
while ensuring that it is aligned to, and supportive of Deutsche Bank Group strategy and complies with relevant regulations
and laws in all of the markets in which it operates, including anti-discrimination laws.
The Global Head of HR reports to the Management Board member acting as Chief Operating Officer, with whom the Global
Head of HR has regular meetings to discuss material HR-related topics. The Global Head of HR is advised and supported
by the Global HR Leadership Team which consists of the bank’s Global Head of HR himself, divisional, product, and regional
HR heads. In 2024, the Global HR Leadership Team has been realigned to HR’s strategic priorities through reshaping
existing responsibilities and further emphasizing areas of importance, such as Sustainability, Culture, Talent Sourcing, and
HR Strategy, as well as through several new appointments to the Global HR Leadership Team.
The bank’s monthly HR Controls Dashboard monitors employment practices risks as well as HR’s operating performance
in managing these risks, in line with the bank’s Non-Financial Risk Management Framework and provides an overview of
relevant control indicators regarding the employee life cycle. The results are presented to the bank’s Global Head of HR
and the Global HR Leadership Team. Supported by the Global HR Leadership Team’s advice, the Global Head of HR decides
whether a matter needs to be reported to the Management Board member responsible for HR and/or in turn the
Management Board and which remediation actions are applied.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-1, ESRS 2 SBM-2, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS S1-1
The bank’s people strategy derives from Deutsche Bank’s corporate strategy and Global Hausbank ambition and is aligned
to Deutsche Bank’s purpose. The bank’s people strategy reflects market developments and societal trends and evolves in
consultation with various internal as well as external stakeholders, such as regulators, trade or employers’ associations. It
considers the interests and views of its own workforce based on the assessment of own workforce related material impacts,
risks and opportunities arising from Deutsche Bank’s people-centered business model. The own workforce related impacts,
risks and opportunities that are considered material are the provision of fair and attractive working conditions and an
inclusive working environment which fosters equitable treatment and opportunity for all. The assessment of impacts, risks
and opportunities that relate to the bank’s own workforce are annually reviewed in close cooperation with stakeholders to
ensure that potential changes are accurately reflected in the strategy.
Considering the insights from its stakeholders, the HR function drives Human Capital Management, sets out a
comprehensive people strategy and derives a functional HR strategy, which helps the bank to secure its core competencies
in the long term and to attract and retain the employees it requires. Only with highly committed employees with the right
and diverse skills and capabilities in the right place at the right time will the bank be able to fulfill its purpose and strategic
objectives.

286

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

The people strategy is closely linked to the bank’s purpose and aspirational culture as a north star to empower employees
with strong emphasis on behaviors and collaboration. The strategy focuses on employee excellence as well as leadership
and puts emphasis on increased individual accountability within a streamlined governance structure to increase
effectiveness. It aims to ensure a technology- and data-competent, high-performance workforce. The bank’s people
strategy is set out to drive continuous and sustainable workforce transformation along changing business demands and
societal impacts.
The people strategy is operationalized into a HR functional strategy as the master plan for the HR organization. With
professional skills, knowledge, experience, creativity, and commitment the HR function aims to provide professional
advice, excellent HR products and services to business divisions and infrastructure functions. In consideration of the
economic and regulatory environment the bank operates in, HR aims to anticipate future developments and develop
innovative HR concepts. The HR function recognizes and emphasizes leadership as key for employee growth as well as
transformation and promotes a constructive dialogue between leaders and their employees. The HR functional strategy
supports the bank’s ambition to become and remain employer of choice for existing and future employees. As the bank
believes that talent is found everywhere and in wide variety, it is committed to attract diverse talent and ensure a working
environment that is free of discrimination based on an individual’s race, color, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, religion,
disability, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, citizenship or any characteristic
protected by law.
Both the people strategy as well as the HR functional strategy are reviewed, at least annually, by the HR function in close
cooperation with the global HR Leadership team and are refined if any need for revision or action is identified. Deutsche
Bank uses policies, procedures, aligned with the laws and regulations in all of the markets in which it operates, including
anti-discrimination laws, and implements respective actions as described in this chapter to implement its people strategy.

Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
The material impacts, risks and opportunities for the bank’s own workforce relate to working conditions and diversity,
equity and inclusion and are described in the following section, and, in further detail, including actions, metrics and targets,
in the respective sub-chapters. Deutsche Bank through its HR function manages its material impacts, risks and
opportunities related to its own workforce through policies and procedures as well as by defining and performing key
actions and defining and monitoring metrics, including the material ones from ESRS S1, as well as entity-specific ones.
With all these steps the bank aims to manage its workforce and achieve the intended working conditions and ensure
equitable treatment and opportunities as outlined in all of the following sub-chapters of the “Own workforce” chapter. At
least once a year the HR function reviews the impacts, risks and opportunities related to the bank’s own workforce to
identify any need for revision of strategy and how it manages its own workforce and act upon it.
ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS S1-3, ESRS S1-4, ESRS 2 MDR-A
Deutsche Bank relies on a motivated workforce with excellent and diverse skills, with its employees thinking from the client
perspective and reflecting the communities in which the bank operates. Therefore, it is pivotal to the bank to provide equal
and fair opportunities and to ensure equitable treatment of its workforce and manage its related material impacts, risks
and opportunities. The bank can have a positive impact on its employees’ engagement and retention as well as on the
public by providing and promoting an inclusive working environment with fair compensation including non-financial
benefits, attractive and accessible training offerings for all genders, and no tolerance of discrimination or harassment.
Deutsche Bank has made a public commitment working towards gender equality and increasing the representation of
diverse talent also in its leadership ranks, in part to reflect respective German legislation, otherwise this could lead to a
negative impact.
Deutsche Bank has set itself specific goals to drive behavioral change, undertakes various actions and has received public
recognition for its efforts. Being perceived as an inclusive employer presents an opportunity for the bank to attract diverse
talents from the market to build a robust talent pool based on merit thus strengthening the excellence and diverse skillset
among its employees required for the successful delivery of its business model and generating financial returns.

287

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Having an inclusive working environment with no tolerance for any form of discriminatory behaviors provides an
opportunity as it creates an improved working atmosphere which supports attracting and retaining talent. Investing in
employee initiatives presents Deutsche Bank with the opportunity for a nexus of Social Good and Good-for-Business. If
the bank failed to ensure equal treatment and opportunities and to avoid discriminatory practices for its employees this
would represent a risk, which could manifest in not meeting the bank's diversity goals, including the representation of
diverse talent in senior management positions, as well as litigation costs or reputational damage to the bank. Besides that,
a lack of an inclusive and attractive working environment and equal opportunities for all employees could lead to a risk of
decreased employee engagement and financial underperformance. To mitigate this risk and the risk from demographic
changes of filling positions when employees retire, the bank has put robust processes and measures in place to safeguard
its own workforce against any form of discrimination, harassment or retaliation in the workplace and performs various
actions to foster an inclusive working environment. Respective actions and targets as well as key metrics are described in
the sub-chapter “Diversity, equity and inclusion” of this “Own workforce” chapter.
Fair and attractive working conditions are key to having engaged employees who feel supported and valued, so they can
perform at their best and thrive in their careers. Deutsche Bank fosters positive impacts on its employees by assuring the
freedom of association for its employees, maintaining a constructive dialogue with trade unions - including the conclusion
of collective bargaining agreements - and actively enabling the representation of employees through workers’ councils. A
lack of assuring the freedom of association for its employees or in recognizing the right to collective bargaining would lead
to negative impacts not only on the bank’s employees but also on the bank’s reputation. By offering its employees effective
and attractive training and development opportunities, based on regular performance feedback and in line with changing
skill requirements, the bank promotes its employees’ excellence. This represents opportunities for increased engagement,
productivity, realization of business potential and improved services towards its clients. Potential negative impacts on
employees’ well-being may arise from lack of adequate working time as well as from insufficient work-life balance. To
mitigate those potential negative impacts, the bank fosters employees’ well-being through a clear well-being strategy and
broad benefit portfolio and is empowering employees to achieve a suitable work-life balance with appropriate working
time, also through flexible working arrangements and the opportunity for family-related leave. Respective actions and the
related target as well as key metrics are described in the sub-chapter “Working conditions” of this “Own workforce”
chapter.
The HR function is responsible for defining and performing actions to achieve the intended working conditions and ensure
equal and fair opportunities for its employees. At least once a year, the HR function assesses the impacts, risks and
opportunities (IRO) related to its own workforce to identify any potential need for revision and action and to ensure that
potential changes of the workforce-related IRO-assessment are accurately reflected in the strategy, and vice versa.
The disclosures of this “Own workforce” chapter cover all types and groups of employees, generally including employees’
representatives, as well as non-employees where applicable. The processes and sources to identify potential risks,
including risks of harm, impacts and opportunities as well as required actions in response to actual or potential negative
impacts in relation to the bank’s own workforce are described in the following sub-chapters “Processes for engaging with
own workforce and workers representatives about impacts” and “Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels
for own workforce to raise concerns”. These processes, as well as other data sources, such as workforce data on global or
country level, enable the bank to identify potential impacts, risks and opportunities that relate to its own workforce,
including specific groups of people, for example with particular characteristics or working in a particular context or in
specific activities.
ESRS S1-1, ESRS 2 MDR-P
The bank’s policies and procedures serve as a means for Deutsche Bank to implement its people strategy and to manage
its material impacts, risks and opportunities related to its own workforce. The policies and procedures are aligned with the
laws and regulations in all of the markets in which the bank operates and are set out and revised in consultation with key
policy stakeholders, in line with the bank’s Group-wide Policy on Requirements for Policies, Procedures, Key Operating and
Framework Documents, which is approved by the Group General Council. In case of a material revision of the policy, the
Global Portfolio Owners as well as the respective Subject Matter Experts of all affected units in the bank must be
consulted. The people-related policies are developed by the respective HR function in consultation with the respective
key policy stakeholders (depending on the scope of the policy, this could involve functions like Performance & Reward,
Employment Relations, HR Risk & Control) and are aligned with applicable labor laws in the different jurisdictions in which
the bank operates, including anti-discrimination laws. Moreover, workers’ representatives as key stakeholders are involved
subject to their participation rights, for example the German Works Constitution Act (Betriebsverfassungsgesetz), and
works agreements (Betriebsvereinbarungen) may be concluded, if applicable. HR’s global policies are approved by the
Global Head of HR and reviewed at least annually. The policies are available to the bank’s employees and non-employees
on the bank’s internal Policy Portal which is linked to the bank’s intranet start page. When a policy or procedure is newly
issued or updated, a news article is published on the intranet, highlighting key changes, consequences, and contact point
for questions. In addition, clear guidelines foster a safe functioning working environment for the bank's employees by
providing clear guidance, for example in the form of key operating documents such as Instructions for Secure Data
Handling – HR and Conflicts of Interest – HR.

288

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

ESRS S1-4, ESRS 2 MDR-A
Deutsche Bank undertakes a wide variety of actions to foster positive impacts and opportunities and mitigate potential
negative impacts and risks. The bank’s actions are often global activities or programs that apply to all employees in all
regions of the bank, like global learning offerings or leadership programs, but there are also actions which are specific to a
region or division, for example apprenticeship programs or offering childcare offering in the bank’s major global hubs, as
well as actions which are specific to certain employee groups, such as talent programs for female or Black employees. The
implementation of these actions contributes to achieving the bank’s people strategy and targets, foster attractive and fair
working conditions and provide and ensure equitable treatment and opportunities. Actions conducted by the bank have
various time-horizons, from long-term, like the actions associated with the 35 by 25 program, with the evolution of the
compensation and performance framework or with the establishment of new trainings, to occasion-related, one-time
measures, such as the Ask me anything-session series. For planning and implementation of the bank’s actions, the required
resources, such as working time of employees and/or financial budget, are allocated to the actions. The bank’s actions are
described throughout the following sub-chapters on “Workforce management”, “Working conditions”, and “Diversity,
equity and inclusion”. Progress of these actions and action plans, including those initiated in prior periods, are monitored
by the bank by various qualitative and quantitative means, including metrics reported in the following sub-chapters and
the results of the annual People Survey.

Processes for engaging with own workforce and workers’ representatives about impacts
ESRS S1-2, ESRS S1-1
Engagement with own workforce
The bank is committed to comprehensively reflect its employees’ views in decisions that may have an impact on its own
workforce and provides various channels to engage with its own workforce directly to gain insights into their perception,
potential concerns and positive or negative impacts that may affect them.
The central means of information gathering is the bank’s voluntary and confidential People Survey, which is facilitated to
understand its employees’ perspectives around what the bank is doing well and where its employees perceive need for
improvement. Deutsche Bank aims to gain a differentiated view across various areas and employee groups in the bank and
to identify groups amongst its employees who may have a particular exposure to negative impacts. Therefore, survey
results show regional and divisional cuts and result segmentation by further criteria, based on the voluntary and
confidential option to answer demographic questions on topics such as age, gender and tenure, as well as, in certain
geographies, on ethnicity and sexual orientation. By observing the participation rate in the survey, the bank also assesses
the effectiveness of this channel. In 2024, the survey received its highest participation rate since 2011 with 65% (2023:
64%) of invited employees taking part, which, based on vendor feedback, is in line with the bank’s peers.
The People Survey measures progress on employee commitment (including intent to stay at the bank, pride, motivation,
advocacy of the organization as an employer) and enablement (level of challenge and interest in work, degree to which
employees can be productive) by asking all employees to provide feedback on a broad range of topics around the bank’s
working conditions, such as communication, digitalization, diversity, equity and inclusion, ethics and speak up and
resources. Employees are also asked about purpose and enjoyment at work and the degree to which they feel supported
by the bank in achieving a reasonable balance between work life and personal life. The People Survey also provides insights
into employees’ comfort to express their views freely and what helps or stops them expressing themselves. Employees can
also use free text fields included in the survey to share improvement proposals or observations and thus use the survey to
provide feedback on the positive and negative aspects of their working experience at the bank. In 2024 Deutsche Bank
introduced a new academic partner to support the bank’s ambitions to further enhance insights through advanced
analytics to gain more detailed, actionable insights to improve the employee experience.
A dedicated HR team prepares, continuously reviews, evolves, and runs the survey under the guidance of the Global Head
of HR and with the Management Board’s approval. To protect employee confidentiality and facilitate open
feedback, results are only reported at an aggregated level. The survey results are reported to the Management Board and
the Group Management Committee to inform their decision making and associated actions. Survey results are also shared
with the respective business divisions and infrastructure functions, which are required to plan improvement actions, if
needed, as explained in the “Culture, integrity and conduct” chapter. The dedicated HR team ensures that insights from
the results are considered in the continuous review and refinement of the bank’s people strategy.
The People Survey results show that feedback conversations (once a month or more frequently) make a positive difference
to employees’ motivation and perceived productivity. As a result, in addition to the People Survey, HR administers a Culture
Pulse survey three times per year to help the bank understand the frequency and quality of upward and downward
feedback, team meetings, appreciation and the level to which employees encounter productive behaviors in their
working environment. This survey results provides a Culture Pulse Index which is included in the balanced scorecard
reporting. Key results of the people surveys are shared with the works councils and employees.

289

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

In addition to the surveys, a very direct channel of communication is available to all employees and non-employees in the
bank’s workforce via the global intranet. Generally, all articles published can be liked via a button and commented via a
free text field, with comments being visible to all. By monitoring the statistics of views and interactions with the articles
e.g. through comments or evaluations of an article, the bank assesses the reach and the effectiveness of this channel.
Moreover, employees can address their questions in the regular divisional and regional Townhall events. In 2024, a series
of Ask me anything-sessions was run, where the Chief Executive Officer and members of the Management Board answered
employees’ questions, which could be either pre-submitted or asked anonymously via a Questions & Answers functionality
in the live session.
Engagement with workers’ representatives
Besides this direct engagement with the workforce, another important process in gaining insight into its employees’
perspective is the bank’s continuous dialogue with employee representative bodies with which the bank maintains an open
and constructive exchange. Worldwide, the bank cooperates with employee representatives and their councils based on
each country’s legislation. In Germany, for example, where the majority of the bank’s employees are based (42%), the Works
Constitution Act (Betriebsverfassungsgesetz, BetrVG) governs the involvement of works councils by stipulating their rights
and duties and by prescribing the cases and form in which employers are required to involve a works council. Works
councils, whose members are elected every four years, represent employees’ interests through discussions and
negotiations with Deutsche Bank. The bank’s executive employees have their own representative committee, which is
likewise governed by German law (Sprecherausschussgesetz). Discussions with those representative bodies take place as
required for implementing certain measures. Beyond that, the bank is in constant contact with employee representatives
to maintain an internal dialogue and gather a sense of the employees’ views and their representatives’ perspective towards
potential negative impacts on the bank’s employees. In Germany, the bank has concluded or updated several group works
agreements in 2024, for example, on the refined Performance and Compensation Framework or Artificial Intelligence
applications, as well as general or local works agreements, for example with regard to hybrid working arrangements.
Deutsche Bank employees are also represented on a European level. Based on the agreement on cross-border information
and consultation of Deutsche Bank employees in the EU, concluded on September 10, 1996, the European Works Council
represents employees working in all EU countries.

Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-3, ESRS G1-1, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank has established a whistleblowing framework that is available to the bank‘s own workforce to raise concerns.
This is to ensure that all concerns or perceived negative impacts on the bank's own workforce are brought to attention and
actions can be taken if required. The framework is governed by the Group-wide, global Raising Concerns (including
Whistleblowing) Policy, which is approved by the Group Chief Compliance Officer. The policy sets out the bank’s approach
for raising concerns and applies to all employees and non-employees, as described in the chapter “Culture, integrity and
conduct”. Deutsche Bank prohibits retaliation in any form against any individual because they raise concerns internally or
externally, assist in raising a concern, or cooperate in an investigation into a concern.
In case grievances are raised, the relevant functions responsible for addressing the concerns are involved and handle and
action them, including tracking the effectiveness of their actions. Grievances or complaints raised concerning any negative
impacts on the bank’s own workforce or pertaining to misconduct of its own workforce, including Human Rights related
concerns, are investigated by one of the bank’s relevant investigative functions, depending on the nature of the allegation.
If any human rights related concerns are raised, Deutsche Bank’s Head of Human Rights must be informed. Justified and
credible concerns trigger an investigation process that includes investigative steps, research, and consultation on the
alleged concern. Depending on the outcomes of such due diligence, appropriate measures are agreed upon and
implemented to remediate existing impacts. In every case where there is a potential disciplinary case to answer, the matter
must be referred to HR and is handled in line with the global, Group-wide Performance, Consequences and Reward Policy
and handled in accordance with local laws, with actions taken where appropriate by the HR team dedicated to employee
relations. This is regardless of the channels these concerns are reported through, e.g., the Whistleblowing channels, the
HR function, managers or any other channel. Follow-up actions may include but are not limited to, policy changes, process
and control enhancements, lessons learned reviews or disciplinary measures, depending on the severity and
circumstances, as described in the sub-chapter “Incidents and complaints” of the “Own workforce” chapter. The bank
strives to make disciplinary decisions in a consistent and transparent way. Regular reporting on trends and themes of
concerns as well as any action taken in consequence, e.g., disciplinary measures, is provided to the Global HR Leadership
Team as well as the Culture, Integrity and Conduct governance team.

290

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

To assess how effective and trusted by employees the bank’s channels to raise concerns are, the annual People Survey
asks employees for voluntary and confidential feedback to gauge the awareness of employees of the channels to raise
concerns and the confidence that a potential concern would be addressed effectively and handled confidentially by the
bank. Within the survey itself, employees are directed via a link to the Raise a Concern page should they have a
concern they would like to raise. Results of the 2024 survey showed that employees continue to experience an
environment that lives up to the bank’s standards with the vast majority feeling able to express themselves. The results
also demonstrated that, while the number of employees having concerns is low, the vast majority would know how to raise
a concern should they have one.
In addition to the People Survey and Culture Pulse Survey, the bank runs a voluntary and confidential Exit Survey of
voluntary leavers primarily designed to understand their reasons for leaving, their experience of working for the bank, and
to identify potential exposure to negative impacts for potentially vulnerable groups among the bank’s employees. To
assess the trust in and effectiveness of the channels, respondents of the Exit Survey are asked if they had any concerns
they could have raised in the preceding twelve months, whether they raised them or not, and if not, the reason for not
raising it. Respondents are given the option of leaving contact details for confidential follow-up by a member of the bank’s
independent Whistleblowing Central Function. The Whistleblowing Central Function conducts voluntary and confidential
New Joiner and Speak-Up surveys at 30 and 90 days after an employee joins the bank, respectively. The content of these
surveys is the same, but they are sent at different time intervals to proactively identify potential areas of concern, including
those affecting potentially vulnerable groups. Like the Exit Survey, both surveys include questions relating to Speak-Up
culture, awareness and raising concerns.
Employee feedback culture
ESRS S1-4, ESRS S1-5, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-T
Deutsche Bank puts care into hiring the right people, developing them, and ensuring they have the relevant skills. In turn,
the bank’s employees need to be heard, included, recognized, cared for, and provided with positive leadership to foster a
productive working environment, in which, strong relationships, open communication, and learning from feedback play an
essential role.
As outlined in the sub-chapter “Processes for engaging with own workforce and workers representatives about impacts”
of the “Own workforce” chapter, the bank uses confidential employee surveys and further channels to gather the different
perspectives of its own workforce to understand what the bank is doing well and where it needs to make improvements.
A key element of the employee feedback culture is the annual People Survey which measures progress on employee
commitment and enablement by asking all employees to provide feedback on a broad range of topics around the bank’s
working conditions. Employee commitment encompasses the intent to stay at the bank, pride, motivation, as well as the
advocacy of the organization as an employer. The commitment score decreased to 67% (excluding Russian Federation)
from 70% in 2023. The enablement score decreased to 70% from 71% in 2023. The downward trend in the scores is
influenced by the bank’s ongoing transformation activities. While pride in working for the organization is stable, other
questions contributing to commitment such as intent to stay and advocacy of Deutsche Bank as an employer decreased.
At the same time, the intrinsic motivation of the bank’s employees, their willingness to go above and beyond, remains at a
very high level, indicative of a high-performance organization. The results from the People Survey are shared with the
Management Board and Supervisory Board, which identifies key focus areas for action, and results are used to inform the
mandatory divisional culture plans as part of the bank’s Culture, Integrity, and Conduct initiative. In 2024, the Management
Board identified four key focus areas for the bank to address with targeted initiatives: Strategy and Transformation (e.g.,
process improvements and communication), Leadership (e.g., manager curricula), Sustainable Career Development (e.g.,
individual growth), and Performance and Feedback (e.g., sustainable performance culture).
Additionally, the bank runs a Culture Pulse survey three times a year to maintain a continuous understanding of important
aspects of employees’ workplace perceptions. In 2024, feedback and productive behaviors in the working environment
were taken into focus. The survey helps the bank understand the frequency and quality of feedback from managers to
employees, team meetings, and the level to which employees encounter productive behaviors in their working
environment. Results from the 2023 People Survey identified new areas of focus. On this basis, two new questions about
continuous improvement and positive acknowledgement were introduced in 2024. The results provide a Culture Pulse Key
Performance Indicator for which the Group-wide target for 2024 was 70%, as agreed by the Management Board, with a
year end result of 69.89%.

291

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Goal for 2024 and development of the bank’s Culture Pulse Key Performance Indicator

Culture Pulse Index (in %)

2024

2023

Goal1

Result2

Result

70.00

69.89

73.84

Reflects goal for updated survey questions set for 2024
2
Excluding Russian Federation
1

The Culture Pulse Index for Deutsche Bank Group required a statistically significant year on year improvement on the
baseline set at the end of 2023. The new question set, focusing on known areas for improvement, resulted in a lower
baseline and a recalibrated Group goal for 2024. This Culture Pulse Index goal reflects the outcome that the bank strives
to achieve with its working conditions and the respective policies, such as the Performance, Consequences and Reward
Policy and the bank’s actions, as described in the sub-chapter “Working conditions” of the “Own workforce“ chapter. The
expectation is that results are used by management teams to set the tone from the top on key behaviors and encourage
their managers to think about their own behaviors. Results at the end of 2024 indicated a need to focus on positive
acknowledgement and encouraging ideas for continuous improvement.
Further instruments to inform the feedback culture include the bank’s Exit Survey for voluntary leavers and the New Joiner
Survey as well as very direct channels for feedback, as described above.

Workforce management
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-4, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A
Deutsche Bank has various policies and procedures for the management of its own workforce which cover a wide range of
HR topics across the employee life cycle. For example, global policies pertain to the bank’s hiring, such as the Hiring Policy
which is described in the section “Hiring and turnover” of this “Own workforce “chapter, the Background Screening Policy,
the Policy on the Assessment of the Suitability of Board Members, Branch Managers and Key Function Holders, the Offboarding Policy as well as the Contingent Worker Policy, which is described in the section “Characteristics of nonemployees”.
In addition, the HR function provides the business and infrastructure divisions with tools, frameworks and analyses that
enable the bank to effectively manage its own workforce. Effective own workforce management plays a vital role in
achieving transformational goals and includes supporting managers in performing their daily tasks, from recruitment to
development and providing data driven insights to senior management, which will in turn support strategy as well as
planning activity and enable better informed decisions. An important part of achieving this objective is continuous
investment in technology and modern infrastructure. HR continues to develop and expand its state-of-the-art software
for workforce analysis and planning – a strategic innovation to support the bank’s innovation and digital agenda. Managers
are provided with people analytics and a workforce planning solution, based on pre-built, best practice questions about
the workforce. This allows to predict various scenarios, present different options to executives and choose a path for
achieving certain goals. To support Deutsche Bank’s global initiatives, regulatory needs, as well as strategy and planning,
the bank’s overarching objective going forward is more evidence-based management of the bank’s people and workforce
agenda. The bank moves continuously towards a forward-looking modeling and predictive analytics.

292

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Characteristics of Deutsche Bank’s employees
ESRS S1-6
As for the bank’s employees, roles can be differentiated into managerial and non-managerial roles as well as client-facing
and non-client facing roles. Non-client facing roles are comprised of typical office-type work and can range from control
functions to technology roles. Client-facing roles have direct interactions with clients and potential clients which often
take place in Deutsche Bank branch locations. Apart from people with excellent client advisory skills, Deutsche Bank’s
business model also strongly relies on highly qualified and diligent employees in its non-client facing and control functions.
At year-end 2024, Deutsche Bank decreased the number of employees by 723 (0.7%) year-on-year, from a headcount of
96,621 at year-end 2023 to 95,898 employees, mainly driven by reductions in Germany, United States of America, Great
Britain and Italy, partly offset by increases in India.
Employees by gender
In 2024, gender distribution remains almost stable. In 2024 female share was 46.5% (2023: 46.3%). In 2024 male share was
53.5% (2023: 53.7%).
Employee headcount by gender: Deutsche Bank Group
Number of employees (in
headcount)

Female
Male
Other1
Not reported
Total Employees
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

44,581
51,309
6
2
95,898

44,744
51,871
4
2
96,621

Gender as specified by the employees themselves

Employees by gender for countries representing at least 10% of its total employees
In 2024, gender distribution in Germany remains almost stable. In 2024 female share was 51.4% (2023: 51.6%). In 2024
male share was 48.6% (2023: 48.4%).
Employee headcount by gender: Germany
Number of employees (in
headcount)

Female
Male
Other1
Not reported
Total Employees
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

20,719
19,583
6
0
40,308

21,468
20,152
4
0
41,624

Gender as specified by the employees themselves

In India, female share increased in 2024 by 1.1% to 41.3% (2023: 40.2%). The male share decreased by 1.1% to 58.7% (2023:
59.8%).
Employee headcount by gender: India
Number of employees (in
headcount)

Female
Male
Other1
Not reported
Total Employees
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

9,335
13,243
0
0
22,578

8,494
12,639
0
0
21,133

Gender as specified by the employees themselves

293

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Employees by country
The overall geographical footprint of Deutsche Bank remained stable. At year-end 2024, the biggest proportion (42.0%) of
the bank’s employees was located in Germany, with India being the country with the second highest share of Deutsche
Bank employees (23.5%), followed by Great Britain (8.1%) and the United States of America (8.1%).
Employee headcount by country
Number of employees (in
headcount)
Country

Germany
India
Great Britain
United States of America
Italy
Spain
Singapore
Romania
Philippines
Hong Kong
Switzerland
China
Belgium
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Poland
Japan
Australia
France
Indonesia
Malaysia
Brazil
United Arab Emirates
South Korea
Russian Federation
Ireland
Taiwan
Türkiye
Thailand
Vietnam
Pakistan
Austria
Hungary
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Czechia
Portugal
Mexico
South Africa
Sweden
Ukraine
Israel
Greece
Canada
Qatar
Colombia
Mauritius
Total Employees

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

40,308
22,578
7,766
7,743
2,970
2,357
1,813
1,799
1,369
802
625
621
496
490
457
386
371
288
226
226
202
202
200
195
169
169
144
109
107
89
84
77
74
51
49
47
45
41
36
35
34
14
12
11
4
4
3
95,898

41,624
21,133
7,986
8,047
3,176
2,427
1,887
1,666
1,386
860
644
634
523
531
495
362
387
285
223
220
192
170
199
189
180
160
120
115
107
81
88
76
67
47
56
48
45
30
42
33
35
15
12
12
3
0
3
96,621

294

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Employees by contract type
Deutsche Bank employs its employees on a permanent or temporary contract, either full-time or part-time, with most of
its workforce working on a permanent basis (99.7%). The employees by contract type, broken down by gender or region are
reported by full-time equivalent (FTE). When showing FTE-data, the bank calculates its employee figures on a full-time
equivalent basis, meaning part-time employees are included proportionally, sourced from a global standardized reporting
system.
Employees by contract type, broken down by gender
Dec 31, 2024
in FTE1

Female

Male

Other2

Not reported

Total

Number of employees
Number of permanent employees
Number of temporary employees
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees

40,293
40,113
180
-

49,454
49,323
131
-

4
4
-

2
2
-

89,753
89,442
311
-

Number of employees
Number of full-time employees
Number of part-time employees

40,293
33,443
6,850

49,454
48,393
1,061

4
4
-

2
2
-

89,753
81,842
7,911

in FTE1

Female

Male

Other2

Not reported

Total

Number of employees
Number of permanent employees
Number of temporary employees
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees

40,180
39,920
260
0

49,945
49,778
167
0

3
3
0

2
2
0

90,130
89,703
427
0

Number of employees
Number of full-time employees
Number of part-time employees

40,180
33,031
7,149

49,945
48,832
1,113

3
3
-

2
2
-

90,130
81,869
8,261

Germany

Europe
excluding
Germany

Americas

Asia-Pacific,
Middle East and
Africa

Total

Number of employees
Number of permanent employees
Number of temporary employees
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees

35,160
34,893
267
-

17,672
17,641
30
-

7,991
7,991
-

28,930
28,917
14
-

89,753
89,442
311
-

Number of employees
Number of full-time employees
Number of part-time employees

35,160
27,981
7,179

17,672
16,976
695

7,991
7,971
20

28,930
28,913
17

89,753
81,842
7,911

Germany

Europe
excluding
Germany

Americas

Asia-Pacific,
Middle East and
Africa

Total

Number of employees
Number of permanent employees
Number of temporary employees
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees

36,195
35,822
373
-

18,103
18,066
37
-

8,232
8,232
-

27,601
27,584
17
-

90,130
89,703
427
-

Number of employees
Number of full-time employees
Number of part-time employees

36,195
28,686
7,509

18,103
17,386
717

8,232
8,212
20

27,601
27,585
16

90,130
81,869
8,261

1
2

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Gender as specified by the employees themselves
Dec 31, 2023

1
2

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Gender as specified by the employees themselves

Employees by contract type, broken down by region
Dec 31, 2024

in FTE1

1

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Dec 31, 2023

in FTE1

1

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year, in 2024 ‘Middle East and Africa’ were assigned to ‘Asia Pacific’.
Numbers may not add up due to rounding

295

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Characteristics of non-employees in Deutsche Bank’s own workforce
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-7, ESRS 2 MDR-P
When temporarily required skill sets are necessary for the successful delivery of key projects and critical deliverables, and
these capabilities are not available among the bank’s employees, Deutsche Bank strategically engages external expertise
and short-term support. This approach ensures that the bank can maintain high standards of performance and meet tight
deadlines, while still prioritizing the development and utilization of employees whenever possible. The Contingent Worker
Policy sets forth requirements for the management of Contingent Worker Resources (CWR) to ensure minimum control
standards are in place to meet enhanced risk, legislative and regulatory requirements. It is approved by the Global Head of
Human Resources.
When showing FTE-data, the bank calculates its non-employee figures on a full-time equivalent basis, meaning part-time
non-employees are included proportionally, sourced from a global standardized reporting system.
At year-end 2024, the number of non-employees in the bank’s own workforce, i.e., self-employed people, or people
provided by third party undertakings primarily engaged on a time and material contract basis, decreased by 1,757 (21.6%)
year-on-year, from 8,126 to 6,369, mainly driven by reductions in the IT-functions and Private Bank.
Non-employees by type of work
in FTE1

IT Vendor Resource (T&M-Basis)
Non-IT Contractor
Non-IT Temporary Admin & Clerical Resource
Non-IT Other Professional Services Resource
Non-IT Banking and Outsourced Services Resource
IT Contractor
Total
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

2,219
1,484
1,017
521
881
248
6,369

2,892
1,930
1,600
545
793
366
8,126

Numbers may not add up due to rounding

Hiring and turnover
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-6, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank strives to be employer of choice and offering attractive working conditions to attract key talents and retain
internal talents. In 2024, the bank achieved the Top Employer certification in Germany, India, and Belgium.
The bank’s Hiring Policy sets out the Group-wide and globally applicable requirements for the recruitment of employees
and covers hiring approvals, sourcing, interviewing, assessment, candidate management, offer approval and onboarding,
including internal transfers. It underlines the commitment to treat all candidates fairly and equally. It sets the requirement
that throughout the hiring process all candidates must be assessed and/or interviewed based on merit, such as their
qualifications, skills and experiences, avoiding potential bias, and free from discrimination based upon an individual’s race,
color, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, religion, disability, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity
and expression, citizenship or any characteristic protected by law. Employees of Deutsche Bank Group involved in the
recruitment process must comply with all applicable laws providing equal and fair opportunity for all individuals. The Hiring
Practices Guide for Managers, which is referenced in the Hiring Policy, states that the requirements outlined in a Deutsche
Bank job description should be outlined broadly to ensure a sufficiently diverse candidate pool. The bank’s group-wide
Background Screening Policy sets consistent requirements for background screening and assigns related responsibilities
to the parties involved. Additionally, the group-wide Policy on the Assessment of the Suitability of Board Members, Branch
Managers and Key Function Holders sets forth minimum requirements for the suitability of Board Members, Branch
Managers, Global and Local Key Function Holders. These policies are approved by the Global Head of HR and all of them
are reviewed at least annually.
Deutsche Bank’s globally accessible career platform dbCareers provides information on job vacancies as well as
information on Deutsche Bank’s working conditions, such as development opportunities, inclusive working environment
and well-being programs.
To develop its talent pipeline the bank has long standing and established graduate and internship programs globally and
apprenticeship programs both in Germany and the United Kingdom. Deutsche Bank also has initiatives within lateral hiring
to develop new pools of talent. Deutsche Bank has established a returner program in India and in Singapore, the bank
partners with the Institute of Banking and Finance (a non-profit association) in a program called Technology in Finance
Immersion Program. The Technology in Finance Immersion Program is an industry training program consisting of two parts,
classroom training for four to six months run by the Institute of Banking and Finance followed by 12 months on the job
training at the bank, that aims to build up an industry pipeline of capabilities in key technology areas to meet the talent
needs of the financial services sector.

296

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

New employees can voluntarily and anonymously evaluate the hiring process via the New Joiner Survey conducted after
30 and 90 days, as described in the sub-chapter “Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce
to raise concerns” of the “Own workforce” chapter. Deutsche Bank’s HR function reviews this feedback to monitor the
quality of their processes to continually improve the hiring process. Where legally permitted, the bank also uses any
voluntary demographic information (e.g., age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity) to help make those processes more
inclusive and to identify potential risks and impacts on specific groups and derive actions if required.
The bank’s global Off-boarding Policy defines a globally consistent minimum set of requirements for off-boarding
members of its own workforce who are leaving the bank and for the handling of movers. It is approved by the Global Head
of HR and reviewed annually.
New employee hires and employee turnover by region
in FTE1
All regions
FTE at year-end
New employee hires
Employee turnover
Other2
Germany
FTE at year-end
New employee hires
Employee turnover
Other2
Europe, excluding Germany
FTE at year-end
New employee hires
Employee turnover
Other2
Americas
FTE at year-end
New employee hires
Employee turnover
Other2
Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa
FTE at year-end
New employee hires
Employee turnover
Other2
1

2

2024

2023

89,753
8,168
(8,444)
(102)

90,130
12,883
(7,612)
(71)

35,160
1,356
(2,380)
(11)

36,195
2,567
(2,074)
107

17,672
1,320
(1,725)
(25)

18,103
2,073
(1,965)
120

7,991
881
(1,110)
(12)

8,232
1,453
(892)
(50)

28,930
4,612
(3,229)
(54)

27,601
6,790
(2,681)
(248)

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year, in 2024 ‘Middle East and Africa’ has been assigned to ‘Asia Pacific’;
numbers may not add up due to rounding
Other consists primarily of FTE changes, in-/divestments and transfers, e.g., across regions and divisions; examples include the acquisition of Numis in 2023

In 2024 recruiting talent remained a key priority for the bank. Hiring focused on filling front office roles in growth areas of
business divisions, strengthening the control- and IT-function, replacing operation-center employees who left voluntarily
and onboarding employees to meet the growing demand for regulatory roles (such as Client Lifecycle Management and
Anti-Financial Crime). The bank also internalized 1,159 external roles (2023: 1,308), particularly in IT.
New employee hires by age structure
Share in %1
Under 30 years old
30 – 50 years old
Over 50 years old
1

2024
47.9
48.9
3.2

2023
43.0
53.0
3.9

2024
47.7
52.2
0.0
0.1

2023
44.1
55.8
0.0
0.0

2024

2023

77
55

89
69

Numbers may not add up due to rounding

New employee hires by gender
Share in %1
Female
Male
Other2
Not reported
1
2

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Gender as specified by the employees themselves

Average time to fill vacant positions
in days1

Average length to fill vacant positions
Average length to fill vacant critical business positions
1

Days elapsed between the creation of a job opening and the date the job offer was made

297

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Total employee turnover rate increased from 8.7% in 2023 to 9.4% in 2024. This turnover rate is comprised of exits from
resignations and departures initiated by the bank, including restructuring or performance-related terminations and
terminations related to fixed-term contracts. Total employee turnover rate is defined as ‘total employee turnover‘ based
on FTE in reporting year in percent of ‘average number of employees’ based of FTEs at month ends in reporting year.
Voluntary employee turnover rates increased slightly from 5.6% in 2023 to 5.9% in 2024, mainly impacted by an increasing
share of employees in operations center in India with higher turnover rates.
Employee turnover by region
in %1
All regions
Germany
Europe (excluding Germany)
Americas
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa
1

2024
9.4
6.7
9.6
13.7
11.4

2023
8.7
5.8
11.0
11.1
10.4

2024
25.8
49.6
24.7

2023
22.4
54.1
23.5

2024
43.9
56.1
0.0
0.0

2023
41.8
58.2
0.0
0.0

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year; in 2024 ‘Middle East and Africa’ has been assigned to ‘Asia Pacific’

Employee turnover by age structure
Share in %1
Under 30 years old
30 – 50 years old
Over 50 years old
1

Numbers may not add up due to rounding

Employee turnover by gender
Share in %1
Female
Male
Other2
Not reported
1
2

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Gender as specified by the employees themselves

Internal career mobility
Internal mobility plays a vital role in developing and retaining qualified, talented employees and ensuring that the bank
continues to benefit from their expertise and experience. The bank fosters mobility between divisions, which enables
employees to broaden their skills and experience. Moreover, internal mobility helps reduce the bank’s redundancy and
recruitment costs. Deutsche Bank’s globally accessible internal HR system provides up-to-date records on recruitment
which provide a transparent view of job opportunities for employees.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank continued to implement its internal mobility strategy and live up to its commitment to filling onethird of all vacant positions with suitable candidates from within the organization. Vacant positions are typically first
advertised inside the Group for at least two weeks. Prioritizing internal candidates helps employees affected by
restructuring find new roles in the bank.
Internal fill rates and savings from redeployment
Internal job vacancy fill rate (in %)
Internal job vacancy fill rate of critical business positions (in %)
Savings from redeployment (in € m)1
1

2024

2023

35.4
69.6
83

29.9
66.7
39

Sum of avoided severance/restructuring costs and saved hiring costs

Global graduates and vocational trainees
Deutsche Bank remains committed to hiring early career talent, including graduates and vocational trainees, and to
advance the bank’s purpose and aspirational culture. The bank invests in the development of early talent through insight
programs and internships, contributing to diverse graduate classes.
In 2024 the bank delivered a hybrid approach to graduate orientation, including virtual technical training and hybrid of inperson and virtual professional skills training. Graduates were hired into the Investment Bank, Corporate Bank, Private Bank
and Infrastructure units including Technology, Data and Innovation.

298

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

As part of the junior employee strategy in Germany, Deutsche Bank continues to offer a diverse range of vocational training
and dual study programs, tailored to meet the specific needs of the areas within the bank. In 2024 the absolute recruiting
number is lower than in previous years due to a more focused recruitment. Hence, the share of vocational trainees in
percent of permanent employees of entities offering vocational training, decreased from 3.6% as of end of December 2023
to 3.2% as end of December 2024. The bank continues to expand its U.K. apprenticeship offering which now spans
Technology, Data and Innovation, Investment Banking and Corporate Bank.
Across all areas the bank experiences a strong focus on digitalization topics, which leads to new job profiles and requires
new dual study programs. In response, Deutsche Bank expanded its entry-level opportunities in operations, infrastructure
and Technology, Data and Innovation and introduced three new dual study programs in Germany in collaboration with
various universities since August 2024.
The bank’s recruitment efforts prioritize visibility on online portals, virtual fairs and social media channels, recognizing that
its demographic is more inclined to engage with the content on digital platforms. Since August 2023, a specialized team
has focused on engaging with the target group of pupils, resulting in improved success in filling relevant positions.
Vocational trainees and dual students contribute to diversifying the bank’s workforce and bring highly relevant skills that
align with the needs of Deutsche Bank’s clients. As part of its strategy, the bank also relies on university graduates to
expand the pool of entry-level talent.
Hired global graduates and vocational trainees
in headcount

2024

2023

Recruitment and talent management
Hired global graduates
Hired vocational trainees1

1,160
376

1,177
547

1

Vocational trainees in Germany

Human Capital Return on Investment (ROI)
For the area of productivity Deutsche Bank calculates its Human Capital Return on Investment (ROI). This metric shows
how effectively the investment in human capital is supporting the organization’s goal and is calculated based on the ratio
of income/revenue to employment costs.
The Human Capital ROI for 2024 was 60.7% (2023: 64.5%). The decrease in 2024 results from growth in compensation and
benefits cost outpacing revenue growth.
In 2024, total workforce costs increased by € 441 million to € 12,176 million (2023: € 11,735 million). The increase was
driven mainly by higher performance-related compensation, wage growth and increases in internal workforce related to
the bank’s targeted investments as part of the bank’s Global Hausbank strategy, as well higher severance costs. The
average revenues per FTE increased by € 5 thousand to € 334 thousand in 2024 (2023: € 329 thousand).
Human Capital Return on Investment (ROI)
Human Capital Return on Investment (in %)
Total workforce costs (in € m)1
Average revenues per FTE (in € k)
1

2024

2023

60.7
12,176
334

64.5
11,735
329

Compensation and benefits for employees plus service fees for contractors, agency temps and IT vendor resources

The number of employees employed by the bank throughout the business year relates to ‘Compensation and benefits’ as
the most representative number in this respect in the bank’s financial statement.

Working conditions
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-4, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A
Deutsche Bank is committed to offering fair and attractive working conditions and has set out respective policies and
procedures, such as the global Performance, Consequences and Reward Policy and the Environment, Health and Safety
Policy as described in the “Performance and reward” and “Work-life balance” section of the “Own workforce” chapter.
To enforce the bank’s actions and monitor progress in its management of negative impacts, advancing of positive impacts,
and management of material risks and opportunities arising from working conditions, Deutsche Bank has set out a target
of achieving a Culture Pulse Index at least 70% on Group level as this reflects employees’ perception of the bank’s working
conditions. The metric is sourced through the Culture Pulse Survey among its employees and serves as a key target on
both Group and divisional level.

299

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
ESRS S1-8
Deutsche Bank is committed to collective bargaining, concluding collective bargaining agreements, and amending or
refining existing agreements to comply with local laws and contribute to secure employment conditions resulting in a
positive work environment. Deutsche Bank strives for a close and constructive cooperation with employee representatives
and social partners which is characterized by mutual trust. As of December 31, 2024, Germany is the only country in the
European Economic Area having significant employment in the sense of the ESRS S1, i.e., at least 50 employees by
headcount representing at least 10% of Deutsche Bank’s total employees. Employees in Germany represent 42.0% of the
bank’s total number of employees in headcount. In Germany, 55.7% of all employees are covered by collective bargaining
agreements (2023 aligned to ESRS S1 definition: 57.5%). This includes civil servants, who have a similar level of regulation
and protection by federal law. Outside the European Economic Area, India (region Asia Pacific) is the only country that
reaches the threshold of significant employment. None of the employees of Deutsche Bank is affiliated to any union in
India in line with market practice. Therefore, the bank’s employees in India are not covered by collective bargaining
agreements.
Deutsche Bank maintains close and steady relations with workers’ representatives. In Germany, the only European
Economic Area (EEA) country with significant employment, 96% of all employees are covered by works councils/works
council agreements (2023: 96%). Such representation takes place on the local, company and/or Group level. The remaining
4% of German employees are executive employees which are represented by a representative committee
(Sprecherausschuss) according to the German Executives’ Committee Act (Sprecherausschussgesetz) on company and/or
Group level (2023: 4%). Therefore, in Germany, 100% of employees are covered by workers’ representatives. In 2024, the
bank in Germany concluded several group works agreements, for example, on the further developed compensation and
performance framework or the application of artificial intelligence, as well as general works agreements, for example, on
hybrid work.
Deutsche Bank employees are also represented on a European level as highlighted in the above section “Engagement with
workers representatives” of the “Own workforce” chapter.
Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
Dec 31, 2024

Coverage Rate

0-19%
20-39%
40-59%
60-79%
80-100%

Employees – EEA (for
countries with >50
employees representing
>10% of total employees)

Collective Bargaining Coverage

Social dialogue

Employees – Non-EEA
(estimate for regions
with >50 employees
representing
>10% of total employees)

Workplace representation
(EEA only) (for countries
with >50 employees
representing
>10% of total employees)

India
Germany
Germany

As part of transformation and optimization activities, Deutsche Bank is implementing numerous projects and measures.
Where this involves restructuring and employee reductions, Deutsche Bank remains committed to implement these in a
transparent and socially responsible manner – including involvement from the works council if applicable. Restructuring
measures generally provide an appropriate notice period for employees. Termination periods (as well as consultation or
negotiation requirements, if such apply) reflect the legal norm in each country, such as laws, collective bargaining
agreements, employee handbooks, and/or individual employment contracts. In Germany, tariff employees are subject to
the termination periods laid down in the respective collective bargaining agreements. In contrast, non-tariff employees
are subject to contractual or statutory termination periods.
The bank’s approach to organizational change is holistic and embedded in its social plan, which under German law is an
instrument to compensate or mitigate economic disadvantages suffered by employees resulting from organizational
change. Its purpose is to support employees affected by restructuring measures by enhancing their employability and
offering them individually tailored coaching. Employees, managers, members of the works council, and HR advisors
involved in change processes have access to a comprehensive set of measures. In addition, the approach supports the
bank’s strategy to fill open jobs with suitable internal candidates and to utilize a network of specialist firms to identify job
opportunities outside the organization.
Talent development
ESRS S1-13
Offering opportunities to learn and grow is a key component of attractive working conditions, therefore the bank fosters
continuous learning, promotes its talents through specific development programs and succession planning, and ensures
that up-to-date records on recruitment, training and promotion are kept and are available for employees to track their
progress on learning, training and career progression.

300

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Learning
Deutsche Bank believes in its employees’ ability to grow and strives to create a working environment that promotes
continuous learning. As part of the bank’s aspiration to have a strong learning culture, it runs numerous training events and
activities across the organization. This includes mandatory training, self-enrollment, leadership and talent development,
whether run in the bank’s business divisions or infrastructure functions. It can be e.g., in classrooms, e-learning, articles,
videos, podcasts or virtual sessions – which demonstrates a wide variety to support the bank’s employees’ development.
Additionally, learning also happens on the job and in environments not captured in the bank’s learning systems. As part of
the bank’s ongoing effort to serve its clients through skills and expertise, continuous learning is key to the bank’s success.
Deutsche Bank’s trainings are offered equally to full- and part-time employees.
Training expenses
2024
37.6
417

Training expenses (in € m)
Training expenses on average per FTE (in € )

2023
43.7
498

The bank training expenses were € 37.6 million in 2024 (i.e., on average € 417 per FTE). This is based purely on the bank’s
external vendor spend on training.
Training hours by gender
2024
Gender1

Female
Male
Other2
Not reported
Total
1
2

Total number of training
hours

Average number of training
hours per employees

802,722
961,007
85
17
1,763,831

18.0
18.6
16.7
13.3
18.3

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Gender as specified by the employees themselves

In 2024, employees completed around 1.76 million learning hours, of which 48% were mandatory.
The bank believes learning is everywhere and anytime – not only in formal courses and events. This is why the central place
for learning is a learning platform that understands preferences and recommends content, using Machine Learning to feed
personalized learning recommendations to employees across the globe. Teams of experts across the bank can create and
curate learning paths specific to their divisional needs – therefore enabling faster and more relevant skill development.
Experience based learning continued with evolving the Mystery Coffee tool to connect employees virtually or face to face
– aligning with the bank’s future of work strategy. In 2024, this tool enabled over 7,200 matches (2023: over 6,900
matches).
Upskilling the bank’s employees for the digital and Artificial Intelligence (AI) transformation is another focus area of
Deutsche Bank training programs. In 2024, the Technology, Data and Innovation division established a comprehensive
training framework that supports responsible AI development and use across the organization. The framework includes
broad AI awareness for all employees, advanced technical training for engineers, targeted leadership programs to align AI
with business strategy and a strong emphasis on AI safety and governance. More than 3,500 employees successfully
completed the Generative AI Fundamentals module in 2024.
Deutsche Bank continues to invest in the cloud skills of its employees through the Deutsche Bank Cloud Engineer program
and a growing number of expert-level learning paths, such as Cloud Architect or Data Engineer, structured learning
programs to upskill the bank’s engineering workforce at scale and in-depth on the Google Cloud. In 2024, more than 2,300
employees successfully graduated from Deutsche Bank Cloud Engineer program and 1,000 from the expert-level
programs. These efforts bring the number of employees who completed advanced cloud engineering training programs
since 2020 to over 6,000.
Further development offers include a cross-divisional mentoring program, transition support programs and regional
leadership programs, which can differ across the regions.

301

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Leadership development
Since its launch two years ago, the Leadership Kompass has been a cornerstone of Deutsche Bank’s organizational culture,
making leadership behaviors tangible and actionable for everyone. Deutsche Bank expects its leaders to role model the
aspirational cultural behaviors launched as part of This is Deutsche Bank and create the right conditions for their teams to
demonstrate these behaviors. Therefore, the Leadership Kompass has evolved, aligning four of the eight behaviors directly
to the aspirational culture to reinforce the connection, and the remaining four behaviors aligning to a leader’s critical role
in managing people.
The new All-Managers Curriculum, launched in July 2024, is a carefully selected and targeted set of development
opportunities for all full- and part-time people managers. It focuses on the key skills of feedback, coaching, career- and
development conversations. It also contains the workshop Leading Inclusively, which covers the impact of unconscious
bias on decision-making as well as ways to make Deutsche Bank a more equitable workplace where all employees feel
valued. In 2024, about 1,400 managers participated in this dynamic and modular offering. The curriculum is delivered
through comprehensive learning pathways and virtual classrooms which provide managers with the opportunity to learn
from experts and build their network with peers. It supports people managers in the development of skills aligned to the
Leadership Kompass, enabling them to role model the desired behaviors, create and sustain an environment in their teams
for the bank’s Aspirational Culture to flourish and inspiring and encouraging their team members to reach their full
potential.
In addition to the All-Managers Curriculum, the bank has flagship programs in place that support specific leader segments
and are targeted at full-time and part-time people managers. The First-time Manager Program and the Senior Leadership
Essentials Program equip these managers, who lead a team for the first time at Deutsche Bank, with the essential
knowledge and skills required to be a successful manager at Deutsche Bank. These programs are established as one of the
bank’s most important flagship offerings bank wide. In 2024, around 2,000 new leaders attended one of these programs,
gaining the critical knowledge and capabilities needed to lead their team in line with the Leadership Kompass behaviors.
dbBOLD, a group-wide investment in the career development and growth of Black Assistant Vice Presidents, Vice
Presidents, and Directors, underscores the bank’s commitment to building a robust and diverse pipeline including Black
talent and continued to run in 2024. This global program is delivered in partnership with a consulting company leaders
academy. Further information is provided in the “Diversity, equity and inclusion” sub-chapter of the “Own workforce”
chapter.
Talent acceleration
Deutsche Bank’s talent acceleration programs aim to help employees develop professionally and personally and to
accelerate their readiness to take on more complex accountabilities. They provide participants with high-quality
instruction, ample networking opportunities, coaching elements and time to reflect on their development. The bank
continuously updates the content of the programs in partnership with business schools to ensure that it remains at the
cutting edge of business thinking in a rapidly changing world.
The Accomplished Top Leaders Advancement Strategy (ATLAS) talent development program is aimed at accelerating the
readiness of senior, high-potential women to take on broader roles in the organization. In 2024, the bank has nominated
21 female candidates to participate in the ATLAS program, which will run throughout 2025. As the program does not run
on a yearly basis, this constitutes the seventh cohort since the program’s inception in 2009.
The Vice President and Director talent acceleration programs develop the capabilities of high-potential talent across the
bank, readying them to take on more accountability whether it is in an enlarged, new or more senior position. Each talent
development program is tailored to its intended audience, covering topics such as resilience, negotiation, change
leadership, and leading with authenticity. Participants also have the opportunity to interact with the bank’s senior leaders,
enabling them to raise their profile and share their ideas with a senior audience. Since program inception in 2016 for Vice
Presidents and in 2017 for Directors, 35% of Vice President participants have been promoted to Director, and 29% of
Director participants have been promoted to Managing Director.
These talent development programs play an important role in the bank’s implementation of its people strategy.
Acceleration programs
Participation in cross divisional talent acceleration programs
ATLAS acceleration program for senior female Managing Directors (in headcount)
Director acceleration program (in headcount)
thereof women (in %)
Vice President acceleration program (in headcount)
thereof women (in %)

2024

2023

–
152
42.8
374
45.5

–
128
42.2
330
49.4

302

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Performance and reward
ESRS S1-1, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Rewarding performance is an important factor of the bank’s working conditions to attract and retain the best talent.
Therefore, a fair, transparent and sustainable approach to remuneration is of crucial importance to the bank. Its
Compensation and Benefits strategy is aligned to Deutsche Bank’s global business strategy, risk strategy, and to the bank’s
purpose and aspirational culture and supports the key principle of fairness.
Deutsche Bank’s Compensation Framework promotes and rewards sustainable performance and contributions based on
delivery, behavior and conduct, across all levels of the organization in line with HR’s global, Group-wide Performance,
Consequences and Reward Policy. This policy sets Deutsche Bank Group’s global minimum standards for employees with
respect to accountability and requirements for managing performance, the consequences where employees do not meet
the required standards of Business Delivery (What) and Behavior (How) and the remuneration related matters applicable
for different employee groups in line with regulatory requirements. The policy is globally applicable, approved by the
Global Head of HR as well as by the bank’s Management Board. In Germany relevant changes to the framework were
discussed with the works council and recorded in a group works agreement.
When determining variable compensation, the bank continues to apply a moderate and forward-looking approach,
weighting strong business performance against macroeconomic outlooks, long-term capital stability and without losing
sight of the need to remunerate employees fairly and in line with the market.
Performance reviews
ESRS S1-13
Deutsche Bank aims to ensure that its employees are clear on what is expected of them as well as giving employees the
opportunity to discuss feedback on their performance. The performance review is for employees and their managers to
create a shared understanding of expectations for delivery, behavior and conduct, and to measure and document
achievements, resulting in a more productive and engaged workforce.
Deutsche Bank aims to ensure that its employees understand what is expected of them in their respective roles. Employees
eligible for variable compensation must set SMART priorities, link these to the bank’s strategic goals and agree them with
their manager at the start of the performance year to give focus and direction for the year ahead. Regular conversations
and continuous feedback, including the use of optional tools including upward feedback, anytime feedback, and 360
feedback for in-scope employees, during the year enable the bank’s employees to think about their performance and, if
necessary, make changes to achieve sustainable success. The bank tracks employee receipt of regular feedback from their
manager via the regular Culture Pulse Survey. The bank’s holistic approach to managing performance holds both
employees and their managers accountable and is adequately reflected in variable compensation decisions.
It is mandatory for all active and in scope employees (whether full-time or part-time) to have one documented performance
review annually. The review is multi-dimensional and includes evidence of achievements by the employee in their role, of
their pre-defined priorities (objectives/goals) and how they have demonstrated the required behaviors and conduct. Career
development is employee-led, and an employee-manger discussion is encouraged at least once annually, but it is not
required to formally document this. The bank tracks progress through responses to the annual People Survey on employee
achievement of career goals.
For Deutsche Bank Group, the completion rate for performance reviews remained at a high level in 2024.
Completion rate for performance reviews by gender
Share of employees (headcount)
Gender, in %

2024

2023

Female
Male
Other1
Not reported
Total Employees

88
92
67
100
90

86
90
75
50
88

1

Gender as specified by the employees themselves

303

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Annual total remuneration ratio
ESRS S1-16
The bank’s remuneration strategy rewards performance and contribution through an appropriate mix of fixed and variable
remuneration. An employee’s fixed pay is determined using a mix of internal fixed pay data and external market data to
ensure adherence to legislation such as minimum wage requirements and alignment with peers. Variable compensation is
awarded based on a variable compensation orientation framework and is closely linked to individual performance metrics,
such as the delivery of business priorities set at the beginning of the performance year, as well as conduct and behavior.
The Annual total remuneration ratio compares the annual total remuneration of the highest paid employee to the median
annual total remuneration for all employees (excluding the highest paid employee). The calculation reveals that the Annual
total remuneration ratio is currently 237. The total remuneration ratio reflects the bank’s diverse operation across
numerous geographies worldwide, covering four business divisions: Private Bank, Corporate and Investment Bank and
Asset Management as well as operations and support functions. For the purposes of the calculation, the highest paid
employee is not the CEO, demonstrating the diversity of the bank's activities and remuneration opportunities.
Work-life balance
ESRS S1-15
To help its employees manage professional and personal commitments and achieve a sustainable work-life-balance, the
bank provides a range of benefits. Benefits may vary by location. The bank provides various types of employee-related
benefits which are available to full-time as well as part-time employees. Temporary employees may also be eligible
depending on the nature of employment and of the benefit. The bank operates more than 850 employee benefit plans in
its different locations that may include, among others, life insurance, health care, disability coverage, parental leave,
retirement plans, stock ownership, vacation/leave, transportation, meals/nutrition or childcare.
Moreover, Deutsche Bank offers a comprehensive support network ranging from career advice, mental health support,
assistance in finding childcare or care for the elderly and Employee Assistance Programs. The bank assists working parents,
for instance by providing childcare near workplaces in its major global hubs and contributing to the cost of childcare. In
addition, the bank provides breastfeeding/lactation facilities in many of its locations. The bank also offers flexibility in
working arrangements, through hybrid work model, flexible work hours, part-time and job-sharing opportunities, subject
to specific role requirements and client needs. A variety of paid and unpaid leave is available to allow employees to manage
unforeseen events, such as taking care of the elderly or sickness of children. In several locations, non-primary caregivers
are also eligible for family leave.
96% of the bank’s employees globally are entitled to family-related leave: maternity or paternity leave, parental leave and
carers’ leave. This can be either a discretionary offering or due to statutory requirements. Amongst the employees who are
entitled to family related leave, 20.7% took leave of one or more types of leave in 2024. This includes paid and unpaid
leaves and is reported in the table below, irrespective of their duration.
Entitled employees that took family related leave by gender
2024

Gender

Female
Male
Other1
Not reported
Total Employees
1

Number of entitled
employees who took family
related leave

Share of entitled employees
that took family related
leave, in %

9,596
9,578
0
0
19,174

22.5
19.3
20.7

Gender as specified by the employees themselves

Hybrid work model
Deutsche Bank is committed to a hybrid working model that allows employees to combine the benefits of both in-office
and remote work. This model is live in 43 countries and covers the majority of its employees. Eligible employees can work
remotely up to two days a week, depending on their role and function, as determined by divisional and country guidelines.
These guidelines ensure a consistent employee experience and a transparent framework while accommodating flexibility.
Divisional guidelines provide global guidance on remote working eligibility, which employees can use as a basis for
individual conversations with their managers. These guidelines must be implemented alongside any specific country
guidelines, which cover country eligibility and the local regulatory framework for remote work. In case of a difference
between divisional and country guidelines, the latter applies.
Hybrid working arrangements are reviewed annually with employees to ensure that functions and teams are actively
reflecting on the most appropriate hybrid working arrangements. Deutsche Bank recognizes the value of regularly
connecting in an office environment to foster team collaboration and innovation, which helps the bank fulfill its
responsibilities toward its clients.

304

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Well-being
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-4, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank aims to create a health-promoting and caring work environment where its employees can be themselves,
feel supported and happy, so they can perform at their best and thrive in their careers. The goal is to embed health and
well-being at the heart of the bank’s culture. Deutsche Bank wants to proactively empower its employees to prioritize their
own well-being and support those around them in doing the same. Health and well-being are about everyday behaviors,
based on the following four dimensions: physically thriving, emotionally and mentally balanced, socially connected and
financially secure.
The bank is working continuously to align its well-being offerings with the benefit portfolios, diversity, equity and inclusion
initiatives, the hybrid working model and the Talent and Development agenda, including leadership development, to share
best practices across the organization, and implement the well-being agenda in line with the bank’s governance and cost
requirements. As from 2024, the reflection of employees well-being in everyday working-life is part of the bank’s Code of
Conduct.
To make the bank’s well-being offerings more transparent, raise awareness and be better aligned across divisions and
regions the Deutsche Bank Global Well-being Hub is available to all employees and non-employees. The hub brings
together an array of existing resources, initiatives, and benefits from across the bank into one place, making it easier for
the bank’s own workforce to find information on places to go for support (for example Employee Assistance Program 24
hour hotline, Mental Health First Aider, company doctors, etc.) or for resources about personal development. There are
also several useful hints on how to boost well-being.
Employees’ mental health remained a priority in 2024. The number of Mental Health First Aiders – employees who
volunteer to actively support their colleagues’ mental health – increased to 737 aiders in 2024 (2023: 583) and are
organized in an international working group to better coordinate their efforts. In addition, the bank offers an in-house
eLearning module on mental health awareness to all employees and a new tailor-made Manager e-learning, covering Wellbeing (self and others), Hybrid Working and Meeting Culture, with over 1,000 managers enrolled since the launch in July
2024. By integrating well-being into Deutsche Bank’s everyday culture, the bank aims to enable and empower all
employees to better look after their own and their colleagues’ well-being and to contribute to improve productivity and
employee satisfaction. The message It’s ok not to be ok is included in senior management communication and events
across the platform on a regular basis.
To emphasize the top of the house commitment to employee well-being, the Group Management Committee appoints
Well-being Champions in every global, divisional Leadership Team, who actively support the well-being agenda alongside
Fabrizio Campelli as Well-being Sponsor on the Management Board.
On World Mental Health Day in 2024, Fabrizio Campelli, alongside the divisional Well-being Champions, reiterated the
bank’s commitment to its well-being agenda and participated in some of the over 60 in-house events worldwide, that took
place as part of a World Mental Health week, as well as a Tone from the Top Video: Creating Psychological Safety together.
Deutsche Bank also reiterated its commitment to Mental Health externally – with electronic displays and Cash Machines
recognizing World Mental Health Day in Germany.
The bank’s dedication to well-being is also recognized externally. Deutsche Bank was ranked 4th in the Top 10 ideal
Employers for Well-being in the latest efinancialCareers Ideal Employer Report 23/24. At the InsideOut Mental Health
Awards 2024, Deutsche Bank was named Financial Services Employer of the Year for its outstanding mental health and
Well-being program, which focuses on both recovery and prevention. The judges praised the bank's comprehensive
commitment to mental health, noting its efforts to create a future-oriented work environment.
Work-related injuries, occupational accidents, and serious incidents like employees being killed at work are extremely rare
at a bank and are more relevant to the safety of other industries. Deutsche Bank is committed to providing safe places to
work for the benefit of employees, visitors and clients. The bank believes that integrating strong environment, health and
safety practices into its business has multiple positive effects. A continued focus and stewardship of safety topics
contributes to improving productivity in the workplace and increases overall employee satisfaction. The bank publishes a
global Environment, Health and Safety Policy, which sets out the respective requirements for employees and controls to
ensure workplace accident prevention. This includes assistive appliances and workstation assessments, first aid, fire safety,
building evacuation plans and floor wardens. The policy is approved by the bank’s Chief Security Officer and reviewed at
least annually. Senior management remains committed to furthering safety programs across the bank, a commitment
emphasized by the formation of governance for providing oversight, support and advocacy of the safety of everyone at
the bank.

305

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Diversity, equity and inclusion
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-4, ESRS S1-5, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-T
The bank will best meet the various needs of its clients, deliver successfully on its business model and generate financial
returns with a diverse workforce who bring different experiences and skillsets and an inclusive culture that values different
perspectives. Employees from all backgrounds and experiences need equitable and fair access to opportunities to
succeed. With a global framework document, various policies, processes, benefits, initiatives, and measurements, the bank
continuously embeds diversity, equity and inclusion in its own operations and fosters positive actions for its employees,
including potentially vulnerable groups. These efforts also reduce the risk of discrimination, harassment (including sexual
harassment) and retaliation based on protected characteristics including but not limited to an individual’s race, color, sex,
national origin, ethnicity, age, religion, disability, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and
expression, citizenship or any characteristic protected by law.
Deutsche Bank has a global diversity, equity and inclusion strategy, implemented with regional nuances, based on four
building blocks: Accountable Leadership, Attracting Diverse Talent, Inclusive Culture and Equitable Development and
Advancement. The implementation of the strategy is supported by a global, Group-wide Approach to diversity, equity and
inclusion framework document approved by the Global Head of HR. The framework document gives an overview of the
bank’s global diversity, equity and inclusion strategy, aligned to the bank’s purpose, vision, strategy, and culture. It
describes the principles of diversity, equity and inclusion and their application to the bank’s employees and operations,
subject to applicable laws worldwide. It is designed to outline the considerations, parameters and governance framework
driving decisions that impact diversity, equity and inclusion at Deutsche Bank. Diversity, equity and inclusion is an integral
part of key policies, such as the Hiring Policy and the Code of Conduct, which defines the minimum standards of behavior
and conduct and prohibits discrimination, harassment, including sexual harassment, and retaliation. Trainings on specific
diversity, equity and inclusion matters covered in related policies are offered, partly on a mandatory basis, such as the
training for the Code of Conduct, and partly for specific groups such as, Inclusive hiring manager training, First time
manager training and Leading inclusively training, as described in the “Talent development” section of the “Own
workforce” chapter.
A dedicated HR team is responsible for setting and driving the bank’s diversity, equity and inclusion vision, global strategy
and multi-year roadmap, and defining the associated annual priorities. The Management Board and the Group
Management Committee endorse the bank’s diversity, equity and inclusion vision and strategy, and monitor progress
against the agreed goals and objectives. The central team activates leaders and employees to sustainably support the
diversity, equity and inclusion strategy and to make progress against the set objectives.
The bank’s promotion and appointment decisions are based on merit, including candidates’ suitability for a role, their
potential, and their demonstrated performance.
Throughout 2024, the bank continued to embed diversity, equity and inclusion in its culture and people practices. This
includes targeted outreach to attract and hire diverse talent, enhanced career planning, leadership development, exposure
opportunities and senior leader sponsorship.
The bank has a variety of impactful flagship development programs that support diverse talent globally, such as ATLAS,
Women Global Leaders, and dbBOLD, as outlined in the following sections.
The bank continues to equip its employees with resources to practice inclusion and understand how to make equitable
people-related decisions. The bank holds leaders accountable using a data driven approach with strong engagement and
visible sponsorship from senior management. With this approach, the bank is making progress on increasing diverse
perspectives and driving behavioral change.

306

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Deutsche Bank supports many voluntary, employee-led groups (known as Employee Resource Groups) uniting colleagues
from different backgrounds, experiences, and business areas to inspire inclusiveness in its daily interactions. Employee
Resource Groups connect members of underrepresented and/or historically marginalized groups and allies with the
purpose of identifying barriers to equity and inclusion, partnering with the diversity, equity and inclusion team on solutions,
and demonstrating the bank’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. Depending on the location, the bank’s
Employee Resource Groups currently support a variety of communities such as women, LGBTQI+ employees, employees
from multicultural backgrounds, parents, different generations, those with disabilities or neurodivergence, well-being, and
military veterans. All the bank’s Employee Resource Groups are open to all employees, regardless of identity.
As part of its strategy, the bank has also forged strategic partnerships with organizations worldwide, such as being a
founding member of the Charta der Vielfalt (Charter of Diversity), the United Kingdom Treasury’s Women in Finance
Charter, the Partnership for Global LGBTI Equality, the World Economic Forum’s Partnering for Racial Justice in Business
initiative, and the Valuable 500. Additionally, Deutsche Bank is one of the first companies to receive the
berufundfamilie+Vielfalt certificate in 2024, following an extensive external audit of the diversity dimensions in Germany
in collaboration with berufundfamilie Service GmbH. These partnerships help the bank advance its diversity, equity and
inclusion strategy. Several organizations in various regions have publicly recognized Deutsche Bank’s diversity, equity and
inclusion efforts in 2024 across several dimensions, including LGBTQI+, people with disabilities, and well-being. Individual
employees have also been recognized as role models, most notably by INvolve People.
Gender diversity
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-9, ESRS S1-5, ESRS 2 MDR-T
The bank is committed to increasing the proportion of women in senior leadership positions across the organization, and
it is the bank’s individual businesses that deliver on this commitment. In its implementation efforts, Deutsche Bank reflects
the various cultures and social challenges in its locations and businesses as well as the laws and regulations in all of the
markets in which it operates.
The bank has put in place targeted initiatives to accelerate change to reach its gender diversity goals. The initiatives are
implemented along the full employee life cycle, from attracting and hiring talent to developing, retaining, and advancing
it. The bank reviews its progress through regular reporting on diversity, equity and inclusion metrics and surfacing areas of
good practice and potentials risks to the Management Board, Group Management Committee, and the Supervisory Board’s
Nomination Committee.
At year-end 2024, seven out of twenty or 35% of Supervisory Board members were women (2023: eight out of twenty or
40%). This met the statutory requirement of 30% for publicly listed and codetermined German companies pursuant to
gender quota legislation that took effect in 2015.
At year-end 2024, two out of ten or 20% of Management Board members were women (2023: one out of nine or 11%). The
current German Gender Quota Law (Zweites Führungspositionen-Gesetz, FüPoG II) requires appointing at least one woman
and one man to a Management Board with more than three members. With Rebecca Short and, as of July 1, 2024, Laura
Padovani on the Management Board the bank satisfied this requirement as of December 31, 2024.
Legal requirements and results for the representation of women

Level
Supervisory Board (headcount, in %)1
Management Board (headcount)2
1
2

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Requirement

Result

Result

30.0
1

35.0
2

40.0
1

Reflects requirement of German Gender Quota Law (Erstes Führungspositionen-Gesetz, FüPoG I)
Reflects requirement of German Gender Quota Law (Zweites Führungspositionen-Gesetz, FüPoG II)

In line with German Gender Quota Law (Zweites Führungspositionen-Gesetz, FüPoG II), Deutsche Bank has a commitment
to reach 30% women in the two management levels below the Management Board by the end of 2025. The bank reemphasized the Management Board’s commitment to drive gender diversity by setting itself the goal to have at least 32.5%
women in the two management levels below the Management Board by the end of 2026 as part of the Management Board
Long Term Incentive plan 2024 – 2026.

307

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Deutsche Bank has publicly committed goals to advance the representation of women in senior leadership roles and to
provide a pipeline of senior women to enable the bank to fulfill its statutory requirements. The bank aims to have women
represent at least 35% of its Managing Director, Director, and Vice President population globally by 2025 (business
divisions and infrastructure functions excluding Asset Management), known as ’35 by 25’. This goal also forms part of the
key performance indicators on the Balanced Scorecard assessing the Management Board and Group Management
Committee. In 2021, the goal was publicly announced after consultation with the Supervisory Board which includes
employee representatives among others. The goal was based on workforce data modeling and assumptions on the female
share in hiring, promotion and turnover using 2020 data as a baseline. The 35 by 25 program is sponsored and actively
supported by the Management Board and Group Management Committee. Since 2023, each of the bank's decision-making
committees is required to regularly review its composition to improve diversity of thought and support the bank's
commitment to increase the proportion of women in senior, decision making roles. Progress towards the 35 by 25 goal is
monitored regularly and published annually. The progress against the internal annual interim goals is monitored monthly
against the initial baseline and base period including the bank’s hiring and promotion activities as well as turnover.
Goals and results for the representation of women

Level
Management Board level -1 (headcount, in %)1
Management Board level -2 (headcount, in %)1
Senior Corporate Titles2,3
Managing Directors, Directors, Vice Presidents (headcount, in %)

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Goal

Result

Result

30.0
30.0

28.9
28.3

20.0
27.6

35.0

33.0

32.3

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

22.8
28.8
35.6
42.3
59.6
46.5

22.3
28.0
34.8
41.9
59.0
46.3

Goal in line with German Gender Quota Law (Zweites Führungspositionen-Gesetz, FüPoG II), goal reflects December 2025
2
Goal reflects December 2025 including the following year’s promotions
3
Business divisions and Infrastructure Functions (excluding Asset Management)
1

Gender diversity
Female employees by Corporate Title (headcount, in %)1,2
Managing Directors
Directors
Vice Presidents
Assistant Vice Presidents and Associates
Non-Officers
Total female employees (headcount, in %)1
1
2

Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Corporate Titles for Postbank (including subsidiaries) are technically derived

Deutsche Bank also monitors its progress in increasing the representation of women in further areas, including in Science,
Technology, Engineering & Mathematics (STEM) roles sitting predominantly in the bank’s Technology, Data and Innovation
division, and as leaders in the bank’s client-facing, revenue-generating functions. As of year-end 2024, women account for
29.9% (2023: 28.3%) of the bank’s STEM employees and hold 27.1% (excluding DWS; 2023: 26.2% excluding DWS) of the
revenue-generating management roles sitting in Sales, Client Advisory, Trading, Marketing and Sales Coverage Support.
Deutsche Bank has numerous programs that promote development and thereby foster a diverse workforce. The
Accomplished Top Leaders Advancement Strategy (ATLAS) talent development program is aimed at accelerating the
readiness of senior, high-potential women to take on broader roles in the organization and increasing the number of women
in senior, influential positions across the bank. The program encompasses a mixture of capability building in strategically
relevant topics, leadership development as well as increased exposure and profile. Another aspect of this program is to
leverage the power of each cohort to collaborate and invest in other women’s talent networks to foster collaboration
across divisions and empower women to act as a catalyst for change.
These talent development programs play an important role in the bank’s progress toward its diversity goals. The Director
talent acceleration development program, for example, has a Women Global Leaders module. It draws on research to
identify paths for accelerating women’s career growth and provides personal guidance on strengthening vital leadership
networks. Its overall aim is to empower participants to maximize their impact as leaders and to further grow their careers.
More details on leadership and talent development are included in the “Talent development” section of the “Working
conditions” sub-chapter of this “Own workforce” chapter.
The talent acceleration alumni group, created in 2020, aims to continue the engagement with the bank’s top talent, even
after they have completed their acceleration development program. The Women Global Leaders’ alumni were invited to
host small career coaching circles for the Vice President participants, an initiative which aims to continue to build the
women’s talent community.

308

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

The Schneider-Lenné Cadre is a community of the bank’s senior women leaders consisting of senior management risk
takers as well as current and former ATLAS participants. Named after Ellen Schneider-Lenné, the first woman on Deutsche
Bank’s Management Board, its vision is to create a powerful community of women leaders who are visible and active role
models in the bank, to equip them with a platform and tools to drive culture change and to support the development and
engagement of talent across the bank.
For its engagement the bank was named one of The Times Top 50 Employers for Gender Equality 2024 in the U.K.
Gender pay gap
ESRS S1-16
Deutsche Bank recognizes that how it remunerates its employees plays a vital role in the successful delivery of the bank’s
strategic objectives and in maintaining a healthy culture. By aligning risk and reward and by driving the right behaviors, the
bank’s incentive systems help to make the bank more resilient while contributing to its long-term success. A fair,
transparent and sustainable approach to remuneration is therefore of crucial importance to the bank, and one the bank
continues to make progress on.
Deutsche Bank is a diverse employer operating across numerous geographies worldwide, covering four business divisions:
Private Bank, Corporate and Investment Bank and Asset Management as well as operations and support functions. The
bank has made significant progress towards its aspirational goals. These efforts include the development and alignment
of fixed pay ranges to promote and ensure the principal of equal pay for equal work. This commitment underscores the
bank’s dedication to fostering fairness and equity within its workforce. To continue ensuring that the bank moves in the
right direction, it has provided further resources for the businesses and infrastructure functions to effectively utilize these
tools and create a fair, transparent and sustainable environment.
The bank has disclosed to the public or reported to the regulators on the unadjusted Gender pay gap for a number of years
in countries where there is an existing legislative requirement. For example, in the United Kingdom, the bank published its
seventh Gender pay gap Report in March 2024. Progress has been made with the median hourly pay gap decreasing from
24.9% in 2022 to 24.3% in 2023 and the median bonus pay gap narrowed from 41.3% to 38.8%. In addition, the bank
voluntarily published its ethnicity pay gap in the United Kingdom for the fourth time.
For the reporting year 2024, Deutsche Bank reported its unadjusted global Gender pay gap globally for the first time to
understand the extent of the gap in the pay between women and men amongst the bank’s employees globally including
Management Board members. The unadjusted global Gender pay gap is defined as the difference of average hourly pay
levels between female and male employees, expressed as percentage of the average hourly pay level of male employees.
For 2024, the unadjusted global Gender pay gap was 38.8%.
A regression analysis, that considers a number of objective factors such as seniority, business division and region, results
in an adjusted Gender pay gap of 6.0%. Therefore, the underlying reason for the unadjusted global Gender pay gap is
primarily linked to the lower representation of women in senior and highly remunerated roles and in higher cost locations.
To drive structural change and get more women into senior roles, Deutsche Bank continues to make progress on its 35 by
25 gender diversity goal and initiatives, as described in the “Diversity, equity and inclusion” sub-chapter of the “Own
workforce” chapter. Whilst Deutsche Bank acknowledges there is still work to do, the effort and initiatives in place will
continue and are expected to have a positive impact on the gap over time.
Age diversity
ESRS S1-9
The bank benefits from different generational perspectives and recognizes that different generations have different needs.
The bank provides employees with benefits and support suited to the different stages of life and career. Benefits include
childcare, care of the elderly, a wide range of flexible work options, and learning opportunities. Reverse mentoring
programs, in which junior employees mentor more senior colleagues, help the bank’s workforce to effectively collaborate
across generations.
Age structure
Age (headcount, in %)1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Under 30 years old
30 – 50 years old
Over 50 years old

16.2
57.0
26.9

16.5
57.0
26.5

1

Deutsche Bank does not employ children between the age of 0-14 years; numbers may not add up due to rounding

309

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Persons with disabilities
ESRS S1-12
The bank aims to ensure an inclusive working environment for all employees, including people with both visible and
invisible disabilities. The bank makes a sincere effort to meet the needs of all employees, such as accessible workstations
and reasonable accommodations. The bank continues to provide accessible entrances, elevators, restrooms and parking.
Flexible working options are available to those needing short- or long-term flexibility due to disability. The bank also
ensures external jobs for people with disabilities, e.g., through its successful and longstanding cooperation with the
Association of Sheltered Workgroups (Genossenschaft der Werkstätten, GDW) in Germany. In 2024, Deutsche Bank AG in
Singapore was accredited with the Enabling Mark Platinum status by SGEnable, the predominant agency for disability and
inclusion in Singapore.
The bank’s ability to measure the number of employees with disabilities depends on voluntary self-disclosure and is limited
by data protection laws, e.g., the European General Data Protection Regulation. Additionally, due to continuing social
stigma, many individuals choose not to share this information, even in locations where it is permissible for the bank to ask.
As at year-end 2024, the bank employed 3,057 people with disabilities, thereof 1,820 female people with disabilities, and
1,237 male people with disabilities. In Germany, the bank employed 2,511 people with disabilities as at year-end 2024
(6.2% of the bank’s headcount). Disclosure is based on Germany social code IX.
Employees with disabilities by gender
Share of employees (headcount)
Gender, in %

Female
Male
Other1
Not reported
Total Employees
1
2

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 20232

4.1
2.4
3.2

4.0
2.4
3.1

Gender as specified by the employees themselves
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year

Ethnic and racial diversity
ESRS S1-4, ESRS S1-5, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-T
Based on the bank’s belief in the benefits of having a diverse workforce to best meet the various needs of its clients,
Deutsche Bank strives to make further progress in racial and ethnic diversity and has set itself the aspirational goal in 2021
to increase the proportion of Black heritage representation among its employees in the United Kingdom by over 30% by
December 31, 2025 versus the baseline of 3.0% as of December 31, 2021. When setting the aspirational goal, the senior
leadership team was consulted. To reach the ambition, the bank is focusing on both the retention and hiring of Black
heritage talent across all corporate titles. Progress is monitored on a regular basis and the bank is making progress to reach
this aspiration with a share of 3.7% as of December 31, 2024, which represents a 23% increase versus the base year 2021.
The goals are accompanied by efforts to improve access to career opportunities through partnerships with external
diversity-focused organizations to attract and recruit diverse talent and leadership development support. For example, the
global program dbBOLD, aimed at employees of Black heritage at certain corporate title levels, is delivered in partnership
with a consulting company leaders academy, offers virtual, cross-industry, expert-led sessions, and small group
discussions. These are complemented by opportunities to interact with senior leadership at the bank as well as a series on
key leadership topics. The program has expanded since its inception in 2020 and has reached 383 employees globally.
LGBTQI+ people
The bank is an acknowledged industry leader for taking a strong stance on worldwide LGBTQI+ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual,
Transgender, Queer, and Intersex) rights. The bank has been recognized as an employer of choice by various LGBTQ+
organizations in the United Kingdom, United States, Australia, and India. Deutsche Bank was awarded the Max-Spohr-Prize
2024 for its continuous multi-dimensional diversity, equity and inclusion engagement and strategy by Völklinger Kreis e.V.,
a recognized professional association of gay executives and self-employed people that is committed to holistic diversity
management in business.
Neurodivergent people
The bank has set up inclusion activities and initiatives in several countries to support employees with neurological
differences. The dbEnable employee resource group has established a Neurodiversity network with approximately
thousand members and in the U.K., Deutsche Bank has partnered with Autistica the U.K.’s leading autism research and
campaigning charity to better understand how the bank can continuously improve its practices to support its
neurodivergent employees throughout their career.

310

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

Incidents and complaints
ESRS S1-1, ESRS S1-17, ESRS G1-1, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Deutsche Bank has a long-standing commitment to respecting human rights and has voluntarily endorsed international
standards such as the UN Guiding Principles on business and human rights. More details of Deutsche Bank’s commitment
can be found in the Deutsche Bank Group’s Statement on Human Rights, which is approved by the Management Board
and signed by the Chief Executive Officer.
Deutsche Bank integrates human rights principles into its global operations. In case of potential breaches, the
whistleblowing framework is in place to raise, investigate and sanction any incidents as outlined in the sub-chapter
“Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns” of the “Own workforce”
chapter. As part of its overall sustainability strategy and building on its former Human Rights Working Group, Deutsche
Bank established a Group-wide Human Rights Forum (“Forum”) in 2022. It reports to the Group Sustainability Committee
and is co-chaired by Deutsche Bank’s Head of Group Sustainability and Head of Human Rights and consists of senior
representatives of the bank’s business divisions and infrastructure functions. Its mandate is to oversee Deutsche Bank’s
management of human-rights-related matters, monitor human-rights-related trends, collect and share learnings from
within Deutsche Bank, liaise with external experts, and initiate strategic human-rights-related projects. The Forum
supplements the bank’s established risk management and due diligence processes within its business activities and
operations.
To further strengthen its human rights management, Deutsche Bank appointed in 2023 a Head of Human Rights within
Group Sustainability, which forms part of the bank’s Chief Sustainability Office. He supports the management of humanrights-related initiatives and is responsible for advancing these initiatives throughout the bank. The role assumes
responsibilities for overseeing Deutsche Bank’s management of human rights and coordinating processes and
communication channels to evaluate the effectiveness of the bank’s human rights management approach. Further
responsibilities of the Head of Human Rights include the development of overarching standards for human rights
management, defining risk management standards in collaboration with risk and other functions, coordination of strategic
human rights projects, representation of Deutsche Bank in relevant networks, and acting as a point of escalation for
human-rights-related concerns.
Deutsche Bank’s Code of Conduct defines the minimum standards of behavior and conduct to which the bank expects all
its employees, non-employees and the bank as an organization to adhere to. The purpose of the Code of Conduct is to
ensure that the bank’s workforce conducts itself ethically, with integrity, and in accordance with the bank’s policies and
procedures as well as applicable laws and regulations. Beyond mere compliance, however, the bank is committed to always
doing what is right and proper. Deutsche Bank requires its own workforce and the members of its Management Board to
follow the letter and the spirit of this Code, as well as all other applicable policies and procedures to promote compliance
with high ethical standards. Deutsche Bank’s commitment to respecting human rights is anchored in the Code of Conduct,
with a special focus on the prevention of child labor, modern slavery, and human trafficking abuses. To ensure employees
have a comprehensive understanding of the Code of Conduct and their responsibilities arising from it, there is mandatory
training. In 2024, the completion rate was 100% (2023: 100%).
Deutsche Bank aims to provide a working environment free from harassment, discrimination, and retaliation, and where
Human Rights are safeguarded at any time. Anything less would prevent the bank from thriving, deepening stakeholders’
trust and safeguarding its reputation. In the majority of circumstances, the bank's employees act with integrity and exhibit
the right behaviors, fully in line with the bank’s policies and procedures, as outlined in the “Workforce management” subchapter of the “Own workforce” chapter.
On rare occasions conduct falls below the required standards. Deutsche Bank has established mechanisms to raise such
matters, like the whistleblowing channel and the complaints management channel as described in the chapter “Culture,
integrity and conduct”. Employee and non-employee complaints are handled in accordance with local laws. Additionally,
the bank deploys internal controls and processes to detect if something is not quite right and where appropriate it will
follow up with an investigation. Depending on the circumstances and the severity, it may be necessary to act, including
disciplinary action for employees.
The bank strives to make disciplinary decisions in a consistent and transparent way. Every employee should feel they are
treated fairly. Deutsche Bank sees strong links between the expected behavior of its employees, how compensation is
determined to account for risk and behavior, and disciplinary action for employees who fall short of the bank’s expectations
about conduct.

311

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Own workforce

HR reviews investigation reports to determine the appropriate course of action, which may include invoking disciplinary
procedures, applying non-disciplinary measures like incident learning or employee counseling, or discontinuing the case if
there is insufficient evidence. Possible disciplinary actions for employees can range from verbal and written warnings to
dismissals and such sanctions can impact an employee’s variable compensation and promotion, which is also set out in the
Performance, Consequences and Reward Policy as outlined in the sub-chapter “Working Conditions” of the “Own
workforce” chapter. Possible actions concerning non-employees may include being off-boarded immediately or not having
their contract prolonged or renewed.
Incidents and complaints
Total number of incidents of discrimination, incl. harassment (upheld and partially upheld)
Total number of complaints of discrimination (incl. harassment) and working conditions filed by own workforce through Deutsche
Bank channels (excl. incidents included above)
Total amount of fines, penalties and compensation for damages as a result of the incidents and complaints above (in € m)

2024
57
202
0.25

In 2024, there were 57 reported incidents of discrimination, including harassment. In this context, incidents are any
complaints of discrimination (incl. harassment) raised by employees or non-employees through a formal process and which
have been upheld or partially upheld by the bank, and any legal claims including allegations of discrimination (incl.
harassment) against the bank. Additionally, there were 202 complaints of discrimination, harassment or in respect of
working conditions. In this context, complaints are allegations of discrimination or harassment or working conditions made
by employees or non-employees through a formal process that were not upheld, upheld or partially upheld and excluding
the incidents reported above. In the reporting year, no related complaints were submitted to the National Contact Points
for OECD Multinational Enterprises.
The total amount of fines, penalties and compensation for damages resulting from complaints and incidents in 2024 was
€ 0.25 million. This amount is listed in the bank’s financial statement under Litigation. Incidents and complaints occur in all
regions of the bank, generally with a higher number in countries with a larger workforce.
These cases relate to the rare occasions in which conduct falls below the required standards of Deutsche Bank, which
expects its own workforce to always conduct themselves ethically and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations,
to ensure a working environment free from harassment, discrimination, and retaliation.

312

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Client centricity
ESRS 2, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS S4-1, ESRS S4-2, ESRS S4-3, ESRS S4-4
Having served clients for more than 150 years, clients are at the core and center to Deutsche Bank’s business. This message
has been reinforced and is anchored in:
– The new purpose statement Deutsche Bank launched during 2024 as part of its “This is Deutsche Bank” program:
“Dedicated to our clients’ lasting success and financial security at home and abroad”
– The vision: “The Global Hausbank: the European Champion and first choice for our clients around the world”
– The strategy: “A sharpened business model, focusing on where we have leading market positions across our four clientcentric businesses”
In addition, Client centricity is articulated in Deutsche Bank’s Code of Conduct in the pillar “Our clients” as well as under
the critical behavior “Striving for excellent client experience” which encompasses among others learning about clients and
understanding their needs, actively seeking out and adapting to client feedback.
Acknowledging that Deutsche Bank services different types of clients, all client related activities are aligned to the bank’s
business divisions. As of December 31, 2024, these were the following four: Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private Bank
and Asset Management. Corporate Bank addresses the broad needs of a diverse set of corporate clients, financial
institutions, investors and issuers in three client segments, being Corporate Treasury Services, Institutional Client Services
and in Germany Business Banking. Investment Bank has a comprehensive global offering, providing institutional and
corporate clients with fixed income and currencies risk management and liquidity provision, leading financing capabilities
and a full suite of origination and advisory services. Private Bank is the partner for all questions on financing and investment
for private clients in Germany and provides affluent clients and family entrepreneurs all over the world with tailor-made
investment solutions. Asset Management offers a range of active, passive and alternative products that allow investors to
position themselves for any market scenario. In addition, the bank has a country and regional organizational layer.
As part of Deutsche Bank’s double materiality assessment, the sub-topic of information related impacts for consumers and
end-users stemming from ESRS S4 has been assessed as material. Information related impacts in relation to the bank’s
products and services include access to quality information, freedom of expression and privacy and are connected to the
bank’s ambition to strive for excellent client experience for existing and new customers, i.e., maintaining and expanding
client relationships over the short-, medium and long-term. The topic of data privacy, which is not only linked to clients
and is also linked to the bank’s own workforce, is covered in the separate sub-chapter “Data protection” within the chapter
“Governance Information” of the Sustainability Statement. The bank acknowledges that the terminology of “consumers
and end-users” referred to under ESRS S4, when transposing it to the context of a financial institution, may only directly
be linked to private individuals in its Private Bank business. However, the bank’s ambition to clients, as outlined above, does
include all types of clients within all its four business segments. Thus, for the Corporate Bank, Investment Bank and Asset
Management a broader understanding of clients has been applied reflecting the respective client structure of each
business (e.g., Corporate Bank serving corporate and institutional clients instead of private individuals). While entityspecific disclosure requirements from ESRS 2 were applied to these three businesses being Corporate Bank, Investment
Bank and Asset Management the business specific disclosures to be found under the following sub-chapters of “Client
satisfaction” and “Complaint management” within this chapter „Client centricity”, were also guided by close orientation
on ESRS S4 disclosure requirements to create a comprehensive and comparable view on Client centricity across all four
Deutsche Bank businesses.
Being applied to Deutsche Bank, the topic of client centricity builds the frame for several elements along a holistic client
lifecycle. Starting from ensuring that the bank complies with laws and regulations relating to the provision of financial
products and services, which is covered under the sub-headings of Product responsibility in the following and ranging to
continuously capturing client feedback and orientating its actions toward clients’ needs and expectations, which is
detailed under the subheadings of Client satisfaction and Complaint management in this chapter.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Deutsche Bank has distinct governance structures in place for the topics contributing to its client centricity ambitions.

Product responsibility
Deutsche Bank’s commitment to product responsibility is underpinned by its Code of Conduct which is approved by the
bank’s Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime Officer who is a member of the Management Board and applies to all
employees and members of the bank’s Management Board. Furthermore, the bank has a governance in place designed to
review and communicate policy requirements as required inclusive an accompanying extensive policy framework.

313

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Client satisfaction and Complaint management
Deutsche Bank draws on client feedback to conduct quality assurance and, if necessary, to design improvement programs.
Aggregated feedback on the main trends, insights gained and corrective actions is communicated to senior management
and other relevant stakeholders inside the bank. The Chief Compliance Officer owns the respective risk type and reports
to the responsible member of Deutsche Bank’s Management Board which is the Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial
Crime Officer.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-2, ESRS 2 SBM-3
Deutsche Bank’s Client Centricity Program aims to enhance the bank’s client relationships and optimize resource
allocation to drive shareholder value. The program focuses on three primary objectives: driving closer bank-wide
collaboration around clients, aligning client data and tooling across Deutsche Bank and improving client resource
allocation to drive Shareholder Value Added (SVA). The program aims at revenue and market share increases across key
clients with a view to increase the bank’s client penetration and product density. Key enablers include increased
Management Board sponsorship, established governance, cross-divisional collaboration supported by clear action plans
and an enhanced incentive framework. By improving client penetration and product density, Deutsche Bank aims to
systematically bring its full capability and product expertise to its clients. The outcome is to continuously improve the
understanding of client needs and better service clients through the entire client lifecycle (onboarding, KYC, operations
and settlement. Enhanced tooling available to Deutsche Bank coverage employees is critical to ensure timely availability
of client data, market trends and related activities, leveraging a range of different technologies, including AI (Artificial
Intelligence). Significant progress has been achieved in 2024, including the identification of priority clients common across
Private, Corporate and Investment Bank divisions and the definition of a desired state for client systems has been agreed,
tailored by client type (relationship vs. mass market). A variety of information (internal client data, client feedback, external
data including share of wallet and client feedback) has been used to set goals in line with each division’s strengths and
strategic objectives, which will continue through 2025 and beyond.
Detailed strategic efforts are split across the separate topics Product responsibility, Client satisfaction and Complaint
management ultimately contributing to Deutsche Bank’s Client centricity ambitions.

Product responsibility
It is when the bank delivers its products and services with integrity that trusting relationships with clients are developed,
and sustainable performance is achieved. In practice, this means the bank’s products and services are designed with input
from various control functions, checking that they are appropriate for the relevant market and align with the bank’s
objectives and values. Deutsche Bank seeks to adhere to relevant rules and regulations and endeavors to be fair, clear, and
accurate when marketing its products and services.

Client satisfaction
Satisfied and loyal clients are vital for sustainable growth and the bank’s ongoing success. That is why gathering client
feedback systematically is an important aspect of Deutsche Bank’s Client centricity ambitions. Each of the bank’s business
divisions assesses client satisfaction in ways that make sense for its specific client groups. While there are no specific
quantitative goals set, every business division uses customized metrics in alignment to their respective client groups, to
monitor current client-related developments, track progress of associated initiatives and implement improvements where
needed.

Complaint management
As a matter of principle, Deutsche Bank strives to prevent complaints from arising by maintaining a robust new product
approval process to ensure all products and services meet high quality standards. Further, identified weaknesses are
reported to product owners and service responsible to decide on remediation measures to be taken in case of justified
complaints. In any case, Deutsche Bank seeks to contact complainants (clients and non-clients) and reach a solution in due
course. Complainants can address their complaints to any local branch, by email, online, or phone. Deutsche Bank strives
to confirm receipt of complaints as soon as possible and to work on resolving them quickly and transparently. Furthermore,
Deutsche Bank continuously monitors complaints to detect emerging trends and to identify the root causes. Additionally,
Deutsche Bank screens its complaints for reoccurring issues.

314

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Deutsche Bank’s positive impacts include offering products and services to its clients in Corporate Bank, Investment Bank,
Private Bank and Asset Management that address their respective needs, providing transparent and unbiased advice for
these product and service offerings in order to help them make informed decisions and implementing high standards and
effective processes to ensure suitability and appropriateness of products and services for the respective client group,
thereby ensuring good client service. Positive impacts also encompass implementing effective employee training and
processes to promote fair client practices.
The opportunities that go along with these positive impacts are increased client satisfaction and loyalty, a competitive
edge in maintaining clients and attracting new clients as well as an increased brand reputation. In contrast to these
opportunities, inappropriate sales and communication practices could result in financial reputational and the risk of
strained relationships.

Product responsibility
ESRS 2 MDR-P
The Code of Conduct is regularly reviewed and is updated as necessary in response to industry developments or events.
Employees are required to attest to having read and understood the Code of Conduct on a regular basis. Policies are widely
available internally via a portal and in certain instances may be shared with other parties including vendors or made publicly
available.
Product suitability and appropriateness
Deutsche Bank’s Global Client Suitability and Appropriateness Policy outlines minimum standards that all divisions must
meet, including implementing controls related to the performance of suitability and appropriateness assessments as
relevant, the clarity of warnings and notifications provided to clients, as well as the effectiveness of such warnings. This
policy provides the requirements for suitability or appropriateness assessments/approvals required prior to engaging in
investment activities with a client. Further consideration is given to metrics, governance and training. Suitability and
appropriateness metrics relating to the underlying products and services are provided monthly to the Bank’s global NonFinancial Risk Committee. They include relevant surveillance alerts, new product approval breaches and other metrics.
This policy applies to all employees of business units globally. Senior Regional Business Management is responsible for
developing policies and procedures to define, implement and document processes and controls that meet the
requirements of this policy. This policy observes various global regulatory rules and regulations such as the Markets in
Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID). To reduce the risk of engaging in investment activities that are not suitable or
appropriate for clients, and therefore reduce the mis-selling risk and the related financial consequences, this Client
Suitability and Appropriateness Policy provides the minimum standards for due diligence/approvals required prior to
engaging in investment Activities with a client. The policy is made available on the Deutsche Bank intranet page which is
accessible to all employees of the bank.
The divisional product governance policies support the bank’s efforts to offer products and services based on processes
and principles designed to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. For example, they outline factors that may be
considered for monitoring to determine whether products have only been sold to the appropriate client group. In
accordance with regulatory requirements, the bank assesses where required various parameters, including a product’s
complexity as well as clients’ product knowledge, experience, regulatory classification and investment objectives.
Deutsche Bank’s new product approval and systematic product review processes form a control framework designed to
manage the risks associated with new products and services and their lifecycle management. These processes are overseen
by the New Business Office and Strategic Controls Execution Team (formally Product Governance), within the NonFinancial Risk Management function. Existing products and services are reviewed in one- to three-year cycles designed to
assess whether they remain fit for purpose and consistent with their respective target markets’ characteristics and
objectives. Each product or service must be sponsored by a business managing director who bears ultimate accountability
for it.

315

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Selling practices and marketing
ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS S4-1, ESRS S4-2, ESRS S4-3, ESRS S4-4
Deutsche Bank is committed to marketing products and services responsibly and to providing information clients can trust.
This not only supports clients’ interests but promotes market efficiency by providing all market participants with the
opportunity to act on information that is neither false nor misleading. Accordingly, the bank’s Business Communications
Policy requires all communications, independent of format, medium, or audience, to meet certain minimum standards and
requirements for content in addition to being fair, clear, and accurate. For example, any mention of the prospective profit
or advantages of a transaction must be balanced by reference to relevant risk factors. It applies to all Deutsche Bank
employees globally who engage in communications with clients. Senior Regional Business Management is responsible for
developing policies and procedures to define, implement and document processes and controls that meet the
requirements of this policy. This policy observes various global regulatory rules and regulations such as MiFID. Fair, clear
and accurate communications protect the interests of Deutsche Bank clients and promote market efficiency by providing
all market participants with the opportunity to act on information that is neither false nor misleading. The policy is made
available on the Deutsche Bank intranet page which is accessible to all employees of the bank.
Deutsche Bank’s business divisions and units have varied and nuanced controls that reflect products and services it offers.
For example, the Origination & Advisory business periodically compares a sample of its pitchbooks against a predefined
checklist to verify products and services have been presented fairly and clearly and include appropriate disclosures and
disclaimers. The output of such controls, such as the number of exceptions, are included in materials discussed in senior
governance fora in order identify any negative trends and, if necessary, propose remediation steps. Furthermore, the
business conducts regular risk assessments in addition to compliance’s annual risk assessment that considers the
appropriateness of the control environment across the divisions. These assessments consider numerous factors including
client base, product availability, business volumes, regulatory requirements, past incidents, and issues identified, that is,
no single factor such as associated revenue determines the extent of controls.
The bank has implemented checks and processes designed to profile potential and existing clients across multiple
dimensions. The extent of profiling varies by client, product risk profiles and jurisdictional requirements. The bank aims to
minimize and/or appropriately mitigate any conflicts of interest the bank may encounter when providing products or
services. The variable components of senior management’s compensation plans are carefully designed to establish
appropriate incentives, particularly in relation to conduct and adherence to the bank’s values and beliefs.
At Private Bank, each loan application includes an analysis of the clients’ situation in order to protect the clients, mainly
retail clients, from over-indebtedness. The bank’s loan processes, and staff training reflect this legal requirement. The bank
takes a variety of steps to mitigate hardship in conjunction with nonperforming loans. The bank notifies clients early if they
fail to repay loans or repay late.
Conflicts of interest
The potential for a conflict of interest occurring, including between the bank and its clients, between employees and
clients, or between one or more clients in the course of provision of services by the bank, is present daily and an inherent
part of the bank’s activities. Conflicts of interest can arise in conjunction with the services and activities carried out on
behalf of the bank’s clients; its own corporate activities; and its employees’ activities, whether through trading for their
own accounts, their outside business interests, or their family and close personal relationships. Some conflicts of interest
are not permitted as a matter of law or regulation and others are permitted so long as the bank has appropriate means by
which to manage them. Deutsche Bank’s “Conflicts of Interest” policy sets out the bank’s arrangements in connection with
the identification, documentation, escalation, and management of conflicts of interest, including where such conflicts of
interest arise in the context of MiFID business. It applies to all employees of Deutsche Bank Group globally, except DWS.
An identical policy is in place for DWS. Senior Regional Business Management is responsible for developing policies and
procedures to define, implement and document processes and controls that meet the requirements of this policy. This
policy observes various global regulatory rules and regulations such as MiFID. The bank seeks to ensure that a conflict of
interest does not adversely affect the interests of clients, the bank, its shareholders or other stakeholders through the
identification, prevention or management of the conflict of interest. The policy is made available on the Deutsche Bank
intranet page which is accessible to all employees of the bank.
Each business division has measures in place to identify and manage conflicts appropriately, including a “Conflicts of
Interest” register, which lists conflicts of interest that have arisen or may arise within the division. The maintenance of this
register falls within the remit of an oversight body consisting of senior representatives of the division’s management who
receive input from Compliance.

316

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Beyond the business divisions, the bank has numerous control functions that directly or indirectly manage conflicts of
interest. For example, the Business Selection and Conflicts Office which is part of the Compliance & Anti-Financial Crime
function is responsible primarily for managing transaction-related conflicts and reports to the Management Board at least
once a year. In addition, the bank’s Employee Compliance Program is designed to check whether employees’ personal
transactions are conducted in line with regulatory requirements and are not harmful to clients or the market. Further, the
bank’s Compliance Control Room team support the management of conflicts by recording the flow of inside information
and insiders.
Processes on complaint management
If a client expresses dissatisfaction with a product or service, the bank has procedures in place to resolve the situation
equitably, which may include, where relevant, notifying regulators through the provision of individual complaint details,
aggregate complaint data or otherwise. The complaint process varies by Deutsche Bank business division. Further
information can be found in the subsequent Complaint Management chapters.
The bank may be subject to litigation in instances where clients believe they have been sold an unsuitable or inappropriate
product or service, they have been inappropriately advised or there has been a conflict of interest, and these grievances
cannot otherwise be resolved. Any material matters would be disclosed in the Annual Report 2024, Consolidated Financial
Statements, Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet, Note 27 “Provisions”.
Trainings on product responsibility
Deutsche Bank’s compliance training program is tailored to address these important areas. There are training modules on
communicating with clients, identifying, and managing conflicts, and checking products’ suitability and appropriateness.
The module on the Code of Conduct includes topics related to product responsibility as well. Deutsche Bank believes it is
vital for all employees to complete the latter training. Failure to do so can adversely affect employees’ compensation and
their manager’s. Employees of all Deutsche Bank business divisions are trained on the bank’s duties to customers either via
the “Compliance Essentials” or “Duties to Customers” training modules depending on their sub-divisions. Staff in the retail
banking sector of the Private Bank in Germany additionally receive a separate training focusing on consumer protection.

Client satisfaction
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS S4-1, ESRS S4-2, ESRS S4-3, ESRS S4-4
Corporate Bank
Deutsche Bank follows the established Client Service Team (CST) approach for global corporate and financials clients.
CSTs bring together key stakeholders across the bank’s divisions, who are involved in covering and servicing a client. CSTs
are informed by internal and external data to assess the performance and satisfaction in the respective client relationship
on a regular basis. Senior management supports CSTs in managing these relationships and adds an additional feedback
channel available to clients.
In addition, in the Corporate Bank, service and implementation teams for the Corporate Cash Management (CCM) business
line ask clients since 2018 for structured feedback on their service experience. More than 1,500 clients responded to the
CCM survey in 2024, providing feedback on the individual client service experience and informing the client service and
product strategy of CCM. In 2024, the business line Trade Finance & Lending and German Mid-Corp Client Services were
added to the survey-scope.
Corporate Bank recognizes the importance of client feedback and in case of a client complaint, follows the requirements
and steps laid out in the key operating document “Complaints Handling, Reporting and Controls KOD – Corporate Bank
Global”.
Investment Bank
The Investment Bank utilizes a variety of information (internal client data, direct client feedback, external data including
share of wallet and client feedback on DB) to assess a range of metrics relating to its performance with clients. This
information forms the basis upon which the Investment Bank selects priority clients and sets target in line with its strategic
market ranking ambitions. These are then monitored on a regular basis and provide insights, such as strength and health
of the relationship with specific clients or groups thereof. The data also enables analysis of wider market and client trends,
which feeds into the overall divisional strategy. To enable Deutsche Bank’s client strategy, dedicated Client Strategy teams
are in place within the Fixed Income & Currencies and the Origination & Advisory groups. These teams are responsible for
monitoring client performance, including client satisfaction, and communicating with the respective coverage
management teams in place across the organization.

317

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

As part of the ongoing monitoring of client engagement, Fixed Income & Currencies receives regular feedback directly
from institutional clients, either via Broker Reviews, or via direct meetings and calls (e.g., with Deutsche Bank Management).
Broker Reviews consist of the Client scoring and discussing Deutsche Bank’s performance in terms of product and services
provision versus its peers. In addition, client feedback can be received during bilateral client meetings. This information is
then shared across the relevant Management and Coverage team to incorporate the feedback with the objective of
continuous improvement of client servicing.
As previously mentioned in the Corporate Bank’s Client Satisfaction section, the Investment Bank also applies the Client
Service Team (CST) framework for its clients.
The Investment Bank recognizes the importance of client feedback and in case of a client complaint, follows the
requirements and steps laid out in the Client Complaints Handling Key Operating Document – IB Global & CRU which is
further detailed in the following sub-chapter on Complaint management.
Private Bank
Within Private Bank, client satisfaction is measured primarily based on the Net Promoter Score (NPS). The NPS measures
the willingness of customers to recommend a company on a scale of 0 – 10 and asks for their reasons why. NPS scores can
range from -100 to +100 and customer responses fall into three categories: Promoters, Passives and Detractors.
The Private Bank reports NPS regularly to senior, regional and branch management. The NPS process within the Private
Bank is coordinated globally, but actioned within each region to ensure the surveys address local business needs.
Private Bank provides clients with a range of contact methods, including directly via its branch network, digital and phone.
The Private Bank digital channels provide self-service tools, as well as details for clients to contact the Bank via e-mail,
forms, call center or local office/branch information. For instance, in Germany, Italy and Spain there are dedicated
debit/credit card assistance phone numbers and in Belgium there is a ‘victims of fraud’ phone number to assist clients in
need.
Private Bank in Germany
In Germany, Private Bank offers services across all client sectors (Personal Banking, Private Banking/Wealth Management)
largely via two core brands Deutsche Bank and Postbank.
Within the Deutsche Bank brand, NPS was introduced in 2022 in a phased approach. Since 2023 all branches, regional
advisory centers, call centers, online product purchases and selected digital service interactions, are connected to the NPS
system, to gain an understanding of customer perspectives. For example, clients are contacted for feedback immediately
after a range of interactions including an in-person branch visit, using selected online services, a product purchase or after
a conversation with a call center.
The NPS survey process in Private Bank in Germany ensures that the relevant client advisor receives NPS feedback
promptly and can respond to customer feedback in a timely manner. This is particularly important in situations where there
has been negative feedback and allows for quick remediation.
For Deutsche Bank brand, the NPS improved to 67 (FY 2023: 63) based on a client interacting with the sales channels. In
2024, more than 165,000 clients gave their feedback: 76% of the customers surveyed are “Promoters” who would
recommend Deutsche Bank.
For the Postbank brand, the NPS roll-out was fully completed mid 2024 (post the Project “Unity” IT data migration) and as
of December 2024 the NPS stands at 13 based on a client interaction with the sales channels. Available sales channel data
for 2024 indicates that Postbank showed improvements in NPS results through the year. For example, in the call center,
where NPS was introduced in an early roll-out phase, NPS for this channel improved by 21 points in 2024 (FY 2023: -19,
FY 2024: 2).
Private Bank in Italy, Spain and Belgium
In this region, Private Bank also caters to all client sectors; Personal Banking and Private Banking/Wealth Management.
NPS was measured in all three countries in 2024 via clients being sent online surveys to ascertain NPS feedback. Results
for Italy, Spain and Belgium in 2024 from 24,000 responses delivered a revenue weighted NPS score of 13 (FY 2023: 8).
The revenue weighting for the NPS score was 61% Italy, 31% Spain, 8% Belgium in 2024; and 68% Italy, 32% Spain in 2023.

318

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Wealth Management - Global
Wealth Management is a global business providing banking services and solutions which address the complex needs of
ultra/high-net worth individuals and their families. In 2024, Wealth Management clients within the four Private Bank
reporting regions (Emerging Markets, Central Europe and US, Germany, Italy-Spain-Belgium) were sent online surveys to
ascertain NPS performance. Results from the approx. 2,100 responses across the four regions showed approximately 75%
of clients globally are "Promoters" of the brand (FY 2023: 69%, updated to align with 2024 client sectors) with a revenue
weighted NPS of 67 (FY 2023: n/a) and an overall NPS of 71 without regional revenue weighting applied (FY 2023: 59,
updated to align with 2024 client sectors). Revenue weighting for the Wealth Management global NPS score in 2024 is
52% Germany, 48% rest of the world. Different regional parameters were used in 2024 calculations making 2023 regionalweighted comparisons invalid.
Asset Management
DWS refers to institutional investors and intermediaries as clients, also for the purpose of this report. The terms “end-users”
and “consumers” relate to retail investors, which are indirect clients, serviced through intermediaries and institutional
investors. Those retail clients are investors in mutual funds and ETF products, therefore not in scope of this report.
To measure client satisfaction globally in a consistent way, a new client satisfaction survey with the top 50 global clients,
including strategic distribution partners, was published as a pilot project in 2022 using the net promoter score
methodology. The survey aims to enhance client experience and to further strengthen client centric orientation. The net
promoter score rates the likelihood of recommending DWS to a business contact and ranges from minus 100 to plus 100.
In 2024, DWS conducted the third annual survey with around 170 top clients being covered. The 2024 score was 53
(compared to 50 in 2023) across all clients.
DWS strives to process findings from client satisfaction surveys and complaints quickly to implement them accordingly.
Senior management regularly reviews interim results and compares internal scores against the industry benchmark. All
results are communicated to relevant internal stakeholders, including senior management, service center staff, and the
workers' council. Based on the feedback, DWS formulates steps for improvement which are incorporated into employee
training.
To determine development year over year, DWS aims to repeat the satisfaction surveys for the same population again next
year.

Complaint management
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS S4-1, ESRS S4-2, ESRS S4-3, ESRS S4-4
Deutsche Bank has established global processes for dealing with customer complaints. They are delineated in the Client
Complaints Policy and detailed in the Client Complaints Procedure. The policy and procedure are supplemented by unit
specific key operating documents, which provide for the implementation of all policy and procedure requirements in the
units. All these documents are made available on the Deutsche Bank Policy Portal, which is accessible to all employees of
the bank. Moreover, the policy and procedure comply with the “Guidelines for complaints-handling for the securities
(European Securities and Markets Authority, ESMA) and banking (European Banking Authority, EBA) sectors,” as jointly
issued by the ESMA and the EBA and with their interpretation by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin). The policy and procedure set global minimum standards for
handling complaints and to ensure that all locations, branches, and subsidiaries handle and resolve complaints impartially
and without undue delay. They apply to all corporate divisions and supporting infrastructure functions (together units). All
units are responsible for implementing the policy and the procedure respectively. The policy and procedure define which
complaints are in scope or out of scope and set requirements for the recording, internal and external reporting, escalation
of increased risk complaints, while determining roles and responsibilities. Local requirements are provided for in a country
annex to the policy. Out of scope are concerns raised by employees without nexus to the securities and banking business
of Deutsche Bank as well as concern raised by vendors, brokers, intermediaries or Deutsche Bank Group companies
receiving services from the bank. As complaints are handled by the complaint management functions within the units,
each unit head is responsible for the implementation of the policy and procedure requirements and therefore appoints a
global head of complaint management responsible for the oversight and day-to-day handling of client complaints.
Pursuant to the local regulatory requirements, in Spain, the complaint management function lies with the Compliance
function where the responsible head of the complaint management function is the local Head of Compliance.

319

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Complaints that pose an increased risk of causing significant harm to Deutsche Bank or its customers are being escalated
promptly to relevant functions to commence further investigations and take appropriate action. The effectiveness of the
process is demonstrated by monitoring the closure of complaints, the average handling time as well as the aggregation of
redress payments to clients. Metrics on client complaints are included in divisional reports to their senior management and
the Management Board. Therefore, the bank uses changes in the number of raised and closed complaints, as well as the
changes in average handling time and paid redress over two consecutive quarters to evaluate performance and
effectiveness of the handling of complaints within the bank globally. A change of ten percent or more is being evaluated
qualitatively and analyzed by the business divisions. Such processes support the remediation of identified negative impacts
that may have arisen.
Not only can products and services be subject to a complaint but also the complaint management process itself. Therefore,
complainants are free to complain about the complaint management function. Hereby, the satisfaction with the complaint
management process can be evaluated.
Corporate Bank
Corporate Bank's process for handling of complaints is laid out in the key operating document (KOD) “Complaints
Handling, Reporting and Controls KOD – Corporate Bank Global”, which is owned by the Divisional Control Office as a
horizontal function across the Corporate Bank. This process follows the governance framework stipulated by Compliance
as the second line policy-owning function. The KOD is updated at least annually.
Typically, complaints are received by a client service officer who logs the complaint utilizing a template that ensures
mandatory capturing of key attributes of the complaint, as defined in the KOD. If the officers cannot handle the complaint
themselves, involving other product or technical experts as required, they identify an appropriate complaint owner who
will manage resolution of the complaint or escalate to management or other departments of the bank, as necessary.
Complaints are categorized depending on the severity of the impact on the client or the bank with reference to the bank’s
standard Non-Financial Risk Rating Grid. The aging of complaints is tracked, which may trigger escalation if the number of
days, for which the complaint has been open, is unreasonable or according to timelines stipulated in regulations, such as
the EU’s Payment Service Directive. On a monthly basis, complaints data are reviewed by business coordinators residing in
each Corporate Bank sub-business area for adherence to quality standards. These coordinators submit the data to a central
complaints function that performs a further quality control review and analyses the data for trends relating to products,
root causes, ageing, business areas, locations etc. Oversight of the Corporate Bank complaints framework is performed by
the monthly Complaints Oversight Forum which reviews the monthly complaints data across the Corporate Bank globally.
The forum reviews the trend analysis, challenges business areas on specific complaints and is an onward escalation path
to Compliance and the Corporate Bank’s Non-Financial Risk Council. Following an in-depth review, the framework was
simplified in the third quarter 2024 to put more attention on complaints displaying a higher level of potential risk to the
Corporate Bank or to the client, as well as complaints that have been escalated. The intention is to streamline reporting
and analysis of complaints, and to allow for greater oversight of these higher risk complaints.
As with previous years, there is a concentration of complaints for the Corporate Bank received by Business Banking in
Germany owing to its large client base amongst small and medium-sized corporates. The volume of complaints decreased
in 2024 by 8% compared to 2023, which had experienced a higher than usual level of complaints because of the migration
project of former Postbank clients to the Deutsche Bank infrastructure in 2023. The top root cause categories of
complaints across Corporate Bank are operational issues, client communication issues, and application issues.
Investment Bank
Investment Bank’s process and requirements for handling of complaints are brought out in Client Complaints Policy, Client
Complaints Procedure and Client Complaints Handling Key Operating Document – IB Global & CRU. This Key Operating
Document is owned by the Divisional Control Office as a horizontal function across the Investment Bank. The Document
provides the overall Investment Bank’s complaint reporting workflow and includes the responsibilities of the Complaint
Owner, Business Coordinators and Central Complaints Management Team. Any employees in receipt of a complaint
(whether received orally, in writing, online or by other means) must either take ownership as the Complaint Owner or notify
an appropriate Complaint Owner of the complaint as soon as practically possible. The requirements for Complaint Owners,
including mandatory data for logging complaints, has been brought out in the Client Complaints Procedure document. All
complaints received and handled by Investment Bank are captured in the Investment Bank Client Complaints Capturing
Template. Relevant complaint information including resolution communication, which is the responsibility of Complaint
Owners to provide a final response to the Complainant, needs to be recorded and archived in a durable medium.

320

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Complaints are reviewed by the business and the bank’s Compliance function each month and checklists are utilized by
the Divisional Control Office to ensure that complaint logs are complete and accurate. Continued focus is on escalation
to relevant 2nd Lines of Defense to ensure complaints are resolved with input from all stakeholders and in particular
anything relating to alleged misconduct is properly investigated and escalated in accordance with the bank’s regulatory
reporting obligations.
In 2024, there was an increase of 56% YoY of complaint logging by Investment Bank compared to 2023, driven primarily
by improved business reach and appointment of additional Business Coordinators, additional trainings for Business
Coordinators and checks against surveillance alerts. The most common root cause of complaints continues to be
operational issues, but complaints were also recorded relating to trade execution and pricing fees.
Private Bank
Private Bank operates globally, navigating diverse regulatory and legal frameworks regarding client complaint procedures.
To ensure compliance with both Deutsche Bank global client complaint framework and local regulatory requirements,
while upholding high client service standards, the bank has implemented dedicated complaint management functions in
every operational region. These functions are supported by documented policies ensuring adherence to local regulatory
requirements.
Clients can submit complaints to the Private Bank directly (in person, by email, phone, etc.) or to a local or national
ombudsman or other regulatory body, as permitted by law. In each location the complaint is logged in a digital register
and assigned to a complaint owner who investigates the issue thoroughly and responds to the client within a reasonable
timeframe, as determined by local regulations.
All complaints are handled with confidentiality and in compliance with respect for privacy and data protection rights. In
addition, where necessary, immediate action is taken to minimize negative material impacts on clients, such as blocking
potentially fraudulent transactions. Complaints Management Functions will also involve 2nd line of defense function such
as Compliance, Anti-Financial Crime, Legal as subject matters experts when required to ensure a quick and efficient
resolution of the client matter.
Client complaints trend and root cause analyses are regularly reviewed by local, regional, and global senior management.
Any issues that pose a direct or potential significant risk to clients are promptly escalated to the appropriate regional or
global senior management and relevant stakeholders. This ensures that appropriate remedial actions are identified and
implemented to mitigate any negative impact on clients. In addition, product-related client complaints are reviewed
regularly through the Global Product Risk Oversight Group and in regional Risk Management Forums of Private Bank’s
Banking, Lending, and Investment Solutions Trading Desks. Furthermore, product-related client complaints (as specific
information/trigger) are provided for consideration within the Systematic Product Review, which reviews periodically if
products are still fit for purpose.
Client complaints at Private Bank decreased in 2024 by 18% versus 2023.
Inflow of new complaints in Personal Banking Germany decreased by 23% in 2024 compared to prior year with decreasing
impact on the complaint portfolio concerning complaints related to Postbank’s IT migration over the year. The
comprehensive remediation activities supported by increased staffing levels have continued and focused in particular on
the area of mortgage lending. Meanwhile client complaints are handled within planned service levels.
In Wealth Management Germany the majority of complaints concerned the category “execution/settlement” and followed
by concerns in the category “service”. Client complaints increased slightly year-on-year in 2024 compared to 2023. Overall,
there were no patterns or systematic focal points.
Spain registered a 120% increase in new client complaint inflows in 2024, related primarily to claims for repayment of
mortgage fees. This increase stemmed from a Spanish Supreme Court ruling declaring certain fees invalid, impacting the
entire banking sector and the consequent heavy influx adversely affected complaint handling time. Remediation measures
including increased staffing and technological enhancements were implemented throughout 2024, which successfully
mitigated the backlog. As of November 2024, complaint handling times returned to standard service levels.
Italy registered a 6% increase in client complaints compared to the previous year. This uptick is mainly attributed to a Know
Your Client (KYC) remediation program necessitating clients to provide additional documentation. Failure to submit the
required documentation within the stipulated timeframe resulted in temporary account restrictions, leading to an increase
in complaints.

321

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Belgium registered 7% less new complaints in 2024 thanks to the Belgium Quality Council, that identified key areas of
improvement and subsequently drove remediation actions for IT issues, KYC recertification programs and corporate
actions related issues.
India experienced a 37% year-over-year decrease in client complaints. This positive trend follows the successful
implementation of remediation measures including a Quality Council focusing on enhancing data quality within the core
banking system. Furthermore, targeted training programs for frontline personnel contributed to improved service delivery
and a reduction in complaint triggers.
Complaints in the Wealth Management business in the United States, Central Europe and Emerging Markets remained
overall stable in 2024 versus prior year, with no specific drivers or areas of focus.
Private Bank registered less than 1% of complaints related to breaches of client data privacy from third parties which were
substantiated, none of which were of systemic relevance.
Asset Management
Complaints provide valuable insights into how DWS is doing from a client perspective. They are also an opportunity to
rebuild and enhance customer relationships. Each DWS business line has complaint handling routines and a dedicated
complaints management function to enable complaints to be investigated fairly, to highlight possible conflicts of interest
and to mitigate those adequately. To ensure that risks and issues are identified and addressed, the central DWS
Compliance function supervises the complaints management processes. A central DWS complaint management function
was established to report all customer complaints to relevant boards internally and to supervisory authorities externally,
as stipulated by local legislation.
A complaint means any expression of dissatisfaction or grievance about DWS’s asset management services or products,
regardless of whether justified or not. The complainant can be a client or potential client, whether a natural or legal person.
A complaint may also include public relations matters regarding DWS’s business practices that could have the potential
to damage DWS’s reputation, brand or market value. DWS is committed to handling complaints fairly, effectively and
promptly, investigating each complaint thoroughly and notifying the complainant about the outcome, after the matter has
been resolved.
Complaints are categorized in accordance with the Non-Financial Risk Management Risk Type Taxonomy and the NFRM
Risk Rating Grid. The root cause of the complaint is identified and logged. These classification elements form part of the
respective reports to DWS management and Compliance.
The DWS Group Complaints Policy, owned by DWS Compliance, sets out the globally applicable minimum standards for
complaint handling across DWS Group, designed to provide impartial and consistent handling and resolution of complaints
without undue delay in all locations, branches and subsidiaries or affiliates. Through the implementation of the policy, the
German securities trading act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz (WpHG)) is reflected. All Heads of Business Units must establish
an appropriate framework for handling complaints meeting the minimum standards including the establishment of a
dedicated complaints management function, which is responsible for putting in place an appropriate framework for
complaints handling and management.
Client-facing Business Units maintain Key Operating Documents (KOD), which refer to the Group’s minimum requirements
for handling and reporting complaints and specify the complaint handling routines in their daily activities. Senior Managers
are required to ensure adherence to the procedures and control processes documented therein.
Supervisors attest in line with the DWS Global Supervision Framework and Written Supervisory Procedures (WSP) that all
received complaints have been handled, logged, investigated, solved and reported in accordance with minimum standards
and regulatory requirements. This WSP document outlines the Supervision and Control Framework for DWS, refers to the
relevant policy documents describing the standards that must be adhered to for applicable Risk Categories, and sets out
the tasks that supervisors must perform to verify that DWS operations comply with the above standards and conform to
good business practices and applicable regulatory requirements. The activities of Supervisors form the foundation of its
overall system of supervision and compliance. In the context of this section, Supervisors are responsible that complaint
handling activities of their assigned employees comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, as well as DWS policies
and procedures.

322

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Social Information
Client centricity

Clients and investors can raise complaints in person to their client relationship manager, or by phone, by e-mail or by letter.
DWS publishes contact information for addressing a complaint on its websites. DWS also informs clients and investors
about the possibility of involving the Office of the Ombudsman of the BVI (Federal association of Investment and Asset
management e.V.) or, alternatively, the Federal Financial Service Authority (BaFin). Further, DWS is legally obligated to
inform clients and investors that a civil complaint can be filed at any time.
Process controls ensure that all received complaints are handled, logged, investigated, resolved and reported in
accordance with regulatory requirements. Internal Audit and Compliance periodically test control effectiveness in both
dimensions, design effectiveness and operative effectiveness.
Material risk means that complainants have suffered significant harm, financial hardship, or a threat to their solvency or
where the complaint alleges a serious breach of regulation and/or threatens litigation. Examples for material complaints
which deserve senior management attention are: Allegations of criminal conduct of DWS or an employee (such as about
market manipulation, insider trading, fraud, bribery or corruption); potential financial loss to DWS or a client of € 50
thousand or more; initiation or threat of litigation (legal dispute) or escalation to third parties (supervisory authorities,
ombudspersons, etc.); data privacy breaches; likelihood of public interest or media attention.
In 2024, the number of complaints raised by DWS clients and investors dropped significantly compared to 2023 by 40%.
The volume of complaints logged in 2024 fairly reflects the ordinary business, with the majority of complaints raised by
retail funds investors. The extraordinarily higher level in 2022 and 2023 was caused by a concerted action of protest mails
addressed to DWS.

323

Governance
Deutsche Bank operates in an environment with continually evolving regulatory landscape.
This requires continuous monitoring and improvement by adapting or expanding existing
processes and policies.

Code of Conduct
The Code of Conduct is the foundation upon
which Deutsche Bank build its purpose
“Dedicated to our clients’ lasting success and
financial security, at home and abroad”.

We think
commercially

We work
collaboratively

for sustainable
outcomes

for the greatest
impact

Deutsche Bank’s
aspirational culture

It sets out the standards of behaviour and
conduct to which the bank and all employees
are expected to adhere and is the key driver
for achieving the bank’s purpose, vision and
strategy.

We take
initiative

We act
responsibly

to create
solutions

to inspire
trust

Facts and figures 2024
Deutsche Bank’s employees receive regular training on various topics such as antitrust risks, anti-financial crime, data
protection, information security, and the bank’s speak-up culture.

100%

>99%

74

2,492

of the new managers
completed speak-up
training

of all employees
completed anti-bribery
and anti-corruption
training

culture, integrity and
conduct initiatives
across divisions and
infrastructure functions

employees dedicated
to the fight against
financial crime as part of
a stand-alone, second line
of defense unit

Governance Topic
Culture,
integrity
and
conduct

Antifinancial
crime

Anticompetitive
behavior

Tax

Public
policy
and
regulation

Data
protection

Information
security

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Culture, integrity and conduct

Governance information
Culture, integrity and conduct
Culture is how Deutsche Bank’s Management Board members and employees behave daily and the key driver for achieving
the bank’s purpose, vision and strategy. A culture that ensures operating to the highest standards of integrity and conduct
is at the heart of trust and reputation and the bedrock for a safe and robust organization. That is why the bank’s culture is
critical to its long-term success.
A key element to support ethical conduct and aspirational culture in the bank is trust. Trust takes years to establish and
can be lost in a moment through failures caused by misconduct, unethical behaviors, and the fear of speaking up.

Governance
The bank governs culture, integrity and conduct through a dedicated program overseen by the Culture, Integrity and
Conduct Committee, established by the Management Board of Deutsche Bank. The program is a part of the Committee’s
mandate and is co-chaired by the Management Board member responsible for Corporate Bank and Investment Bank and
the Management Board member and Chief Executive Officer Americas. It consists of representatives of each business
division and key infrastructure functions, who are appointed by the Management Board member responsible for the
respective division or function and has a female representation of three out of thirteen voting members.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
The Culture, Integrity and Conduct Committee’s mandate is to provide a sustained focus on all aspects of culture by
overseeing the implementation and ongoing management of the culture, integrity and conduct framework. The Framework
defines, communicates, and reinforces cultural aspirations and behaviors and embeds a culture of sustainable
performance that reflects adherence to laws, rules and regulations and the banks policies and procedures. The framework
applies across all businesses, geographies, and infrastructure functions within the Deutsche Bank Group (Group).
Deutsche Bank recognizes that governance is integral to managing risks effectively and its corporate culture. The
organization is committed to constantly challenging itself, learning lessons from past events to improve in the future.
Pursuant to its risk management principles and risk governance outlined in the 2024 Deutsche Bank Annual Report –
Management Report – Risk Report, the bank has three Lines of Defense for managing risks, which is integral to the bank’s
risk culture, a sub-component of culture, with roles and responsibilities of the three Lines of Defense being outlined in
Deutsche Bank’s risk management framework.

325

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Culture, integrity and conduct

Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A , ESRS G1-1
Deutsche Bank is aware that a good corporate culture, especially business ethics, is an opportunity to establish trust,
improved performance quality, productivity, return on investment (ROI) and an increased brand value over one to five years
Furthermore, a good corporate culture provides the opportunity to increase competitive advantage with regards to client
and employee acquisition and maintenance. Such a culture concerns professional integrity, engagement with workforce
about impacts, and channels to raise concerns including whistleblower procedures. Therefore, the bank has robust SpeakUp and Raise a Concern procedures and channels to support the core element of trust. Speak Up and Raise a Concern
impact behaviors and drive the bank’s aspirational culture, with positive impacts such as increased ethical conduct and
alignment to the aspirational culture of the bank, which are considered as very likely to materialize in the short term. A lack
of trust, Speak-Up and Raise a Concern procedures and channels on the other hand have been assessed as very likely to
negatively impact the society by damaging confidence in the financial system and imposing costs to society on a shortterm basis. Risks caused by unethical behavior and missing aspirational culture can include the loss of trust in the
organization, increased operational and/or legal costs and eventually the loss of the company’s license to operate. Whilst
those risks have been assessed as likely to materialize on a medium-term basis, the bank is mitigating them through its
continuous work and actions driving its aspirational culture as further described in the following sections.
Raise a Concern Framework, Whistleblowing and Speak Up
A key component supporting the bank’s aspirational culture is the Raise a Concern framework which is governed by the
Raising Concerns (including Whistleblowing) Policy, a Compliance-owned global group-wide policy approved by the
Group Chief Compliance Officer. The policy, which is available on the policy portal and reviewed at a minimum annually,
sets out the bank’s internal approach for raising concerns. It actively encourages employees to report possible violations
of laws, rules, regulations, bank policies and conflicts of interest and it requires employees to raise concerns about possible
criminal activity by the bank, its employees, clients or third parties. Employees may do so by reaching out to the
Whistleblowing Central Function, a ringfenced team within the bank’s Anti-Financial Crime function specialized in
concerns related to potential misconduct by Deutsche Bank Group, those who work for Deutsche Bank Group, or any other
entity or individual acting on behalf of Deutsche Bank Group. All reports are taken seriously and managed sensitively and
confidentially. Quarterly reporting on trends and themes including substantiation rates and fact patterns is provided to
senior management as well as to the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee. In addition, the chair of the Supervisory Board’s
Audit Committee is informed of highest risk rating concerns via ad hoc notifications pursuant to a defined escalation
procedure.
With a focus on trust, the bank built upon the Speak-Up activities and expanded their reach and scope beyond raising
concerns to empowerment and purpose with focus on Speak-Up as the right thing to do. This Speak-Up message supports
the bank’s supervision culture, the bank’s aspirational culture and supports the continued evolution of the Culture,
Integrity and Conduct agenda. All new managers are automatically enrolled in the virtual mandatory course on Speak-Up
and Listen Up, Your Supervisory Duties as a Manage, with an annual refresh cycle for all managers. To bolster and embed
further Speak-Up content is included in mandatory courses such as Code of Conduct for all staff every 18 to 24 months
and Risk Awareness for all staff bi-annually. In 2024 the completion rates were 99.98% (Code of Conduct), 100% (Your
Supervisory Duties as a Manager) and 99.99% (Risk Awareness).
Employees are encouraged to speak-up directly to their management, representatives of Control Functions or Human
Resources which includes the employment matter related grievance processes as described in sub-chapter “Processes to
remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns” of the “Own workforce” chapter within the
Sustainability Statement. However, where they do not feel comfortable using these avenues, the Whistleblowing
framework is in place. Where permissible under local law, employees can also raise concerns anonymously via the Integrity
Hotline, a special electronic platform and a telephone reporting system, with anonymity protected to the fullest extent
possible.
The Whistleblowing Central Function has dedicated personnel in Frankfurt and London and can be contacted directly, by
email or by raising a report via the Integrity hotline. In addition, the Whistleblowing Central Function runs Exit and New
Joiner Surveys as additional escalation channels to proactively identify potential areas of concern. The surveys include a
series of questions relating to Speak-Up culture awareness and raising concerns. Respondents who identified that they
had a concern which they did not raise are provided with the opportunity to provide contact details for confidential followup by the Whistleblowing Central Function. The team also operates external reporting channels, including channels to
raise human rights related misconduct in Deutsche Bank’s supply chain as further described in the External Complaints
Procedure Human Rights.

326

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Culture, integrity and conduct

Any allegation of potential internal misconduct, irrespective of how it is surfaced, is investigated proportionately,
independently and objectively under the bank’s global internal investigative framework which is governed by the Handling
of Internal Investigation Key Operating Document (KOD) - Central Investigations Function, Group Audit Investigations,
Employee Relations. The Key Operating Document defines minimum standards on how concerns relating to internal
misconduct incidents, which may require internal investigation, must be assigned to and handled by the bank’s internal
investigative functions in accordance with defined mandates. The formal owner and approver of the Key Operating
Document is the Global Head of Central Investigations Function, however, approval is also obtained from the Global Heads
of Group Audit Investigations and Employee Relations. Follow-up actions resulting from an internal investigation may
include but are not limited to policy changes, process and control enhancements, lessons learned reviews or disciplinary
measures.
Deutsche Bank prohibits retaliation in any form against any individual because they raised concerns internally or externally
or assisted in raising a concern or assisted or cooperated in an investigation into a concern. This is supported by an antiretaliation framework which covers prevention, detection and investigation of retaliation. Staff are regularly informed of
the Bank's prohibition against retaliation through mandatory training and this is reiterated to all participants in an
investigation. Retaliation allegations are investigated in line with the bank’s processes; any confirmed instances of
retaliation will be dealt with extremely seriously and may result in disciplinary action, including termination of employment
or contract for services. Deutsche Bank also maintains an Anti-Retaliation Advisory Group (ARAG) comprised of senior
representatives of the Whistleblowing Central Function, Employee Relations and Human Resources, who meet bi-weekly
to review retaliation escalations and other raised concerns presenting a heightened risk of retaliation to determine if any
actions are necessary to mitigate the risk of any ongoing retaliation.
The EU Whistleblowing Directive (Regulation (EU) 2019/1937) is applicable to Deutsche Bank. In 2024, the Whistleblowing
Central Function continued to enhance and update its processes in line with legal requirements and best practice
standards. Per way of example, the policy language in respect to employees’ rights to communicate with authorities was
reviewed and updated to reflect best practices. Depending on employment location, employees are guided to available
external resources via annexes to the Raising Concerns (including Whistleblowing) Policy, local employee handbooks or
the DB intranet.
Code of Conduct
Deutsche Bank’s Code of Conduct is the foundation upon which the bank builds its purpose. The Code of Conduct is
designed to ensure that all employees conduct themselves ethically, with integrity and in accordance with the laws and
regulations that apply to the bank worldwide, as well as Deutsche Bank’s policies and procedures. Its aim is to foster an
environment that is open and diverse, where staff opinions and speaking up are valued and where employees’ and the
bank’s success is built on respect, collaboration and teamwork in serving clients, stakeholders and communities. The
Management Board is accountable for the implementation of the Code of Conduct, with review activities and update
processes overseen by the Culture, Integrity and Conduct Committee. In 2024 the Code of Conduct was reviewed and
updated to align with This is Deutsche Bank, setting out the bank’s standards of behavior and conduct, to which all
employees are expected to adhere.
The Code of Conduct covers the impact on stakeholders and society at large by providing an overview of the processes
fostering the possibility to speak up, raise concerns and Whistleblowing. It further provides guidance on doing the right
thing, valuing employees and building trust in the workplace, thoughtful decision making, personal and client related
activities, conflicts of interest, financial crime prevention and detection, sustainability and respecting human rights, fair
and free markets, with respective scenarios and links to underlying policies and procedures. With this, the Code mitigates
the risk of reputational damage, increased (legal) costs and loss of clients due to inappropriate business conduct, improper
management of conflict of interest and fiduciary duties, bias and negligence. The Code of Conduct is reviewed annually
and updated when required. The annual review cycle is supported through working groups which include stakeholders
across all divisions and infrastructure functions as well as Risk Type Controllers for the respective areas, to allow for all
stakeholders to assess relevance, accuracy and completeness of their contributions to the code. The Code is published on
Deutsche Bank’s external website and on its internal Policy Portal.
The Supplier Code of Conduct raises awareness of the standards of behavior that Deutsche Bank expects of its suppliers.
For further information on the Supplier Code of Conduct please refer to chapter “Supply Chain Management” within the
Sustainability Statement.

327

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Culture, integrity and conduct

Culture, Integrity and Conduct program
Deutsche Bank’s culture and business conduct is managed with the help of the Culture, Integrity and Conduct program.
The program is one of the mechanisms to support operationalization of the Code of Conduct. It defines concrete actions
to achieve aspirational culture on a run-the-bank basis such as the annual Culture, Integrity and Conduct book of work.
The program focus is on ethical behavior, Speak-Up and the highest standard of conduct and integrity across businesses,
geographies and infrastructure functions and enhancing the bank’s business model and culture, through initiatives and
activities with expected time horizons ranging between a short- to medium-term period.
Culture, Integrity and Conduct book of work
The Culture, Integrity and Conduct book of work is a central plan created annually by the Culture, Integrity and Conduct
program for promoting ethical culture at the bank, including company-wide communications plans and Human Resources
programs.
Culture Plans
The bank’s divisions and infrastructure functions develop and implement their own culture plans and are responsible for
promoting ethical culture in each of their respective units. These plans incorporate mandatory initiatives and actions
defined by the committee as well as the divisions’ and infrastructure functions’ own initiatives to address their key
individual requirements. The divisions and functions report their culture plans to the committee annually and provide the
committee with quarterly updates on the implementation of their plans. They must submit evidence of progress, such as
the completion of the 74 initiatives including underlying milestones in 2024, to ensure that the plans are completed on
time and comply with the aspirational culture standards of the Culture, Integrity and Conduct program. These actions are
expected to deliver results on a short- to medium-term basis.
This is Deutsche Bank program
The actions overseen by the Culture, Integrity and Conduct program align closely with the This is Deutsche Bank (TiDB)
program launched in 2023, formerly named Culture program. This is Deutsche Bank is a bank wide change-the-bank
program supporting the run-the-bank activities of the Culture, Integrity and Conduct program through communicating,
embedding and measuring a refreshed aspirational culture and the associated behaviors that underpin it to improve the
bank’s positive impact on employees, stakeholders and the financial industry. In 2024, the new aspirational culture was
communicated to employees as part of the This is Deutsche Bank activation workstream through Ambassador meetings,
communications from the Management Board and via the bank’s Intranet. In the second half of 2024, it was further
embedded into the bank’s processes including via the bank’s revised Code of Conduct. The program has also developed a
new Culture dashboard to measure the aspirational culture which will be used by the Culture, Integrity and Conduct
committee to monitor the progress made on delivering the aspirational culture over time.
The aspirational culture is to empower employees to excel together every day and focuses on the four guiding principles,
we act responsibly to inspire trust, we think commercially for sustainable outcomes, we take initiative to create solutions
and we work collaboratively for the greatest impact. The guiding principles evolve the bank’s former Values and Beliefs
and are underpinned by sixteen critical behaviors to further support employees to understand what is expected of them.

328

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Culture, integrity and conduct

Metrics and targets
ESRS 2 MDR-M
Culture and conduct metrics
On a quarterly basis, the Culture, Integrity and Conduct Committee reviews and evaluates 25 key culture-related metrics
across the bank, such as employee complaints, analysis of employees’ adherence to certain risk-related policies and
procedures, results of investigations (Human Resources, Group Audit and Anti-Financial Crime) and discusses trend
developments over the quarters and takes actions where necessary. In addition, it assesses information gleaned from
surveys and input from business leaders to identify key culture and conduct focus areas. The annual People Survey asks
employees for feedback to gauge how they experience working for the bank and measure progress on key aspects of its
culture, including key indicators such as commitment and enablement. People Survey results, i.e., identified areas for
improvement, become part of the Culture, Integrity and Conduct Book of Work as central initiative(s) and are measured
both through the central activities as well as the Divisions’ and Infrastructure Functions’ Culture Plans progress reporting.
People Survey
The annual People Survey asks employees for feedback to gauge how they experience working for the bank and measure
progress on key aspects of its culture, including key indicators such as commitment and enablement. People Survey
results, i.e., identified areas for improvement, become part of the Culture, Integrity and Conduct Book of Work as central
initiative(s) and are measured both through the central activities as well as the divisions’ and infrastructure functions’
Culture Plans progress reporting. In 2024, the survey included questions to provide insights into how employees
experience ethics and conduct and raising concerns at the bank. Results showed that people continue to experience an
environment that lives up to the bank's standards with the vast majority feeling able to express themselves. The results
also demonstrated that, while the number of people having concerns is low, the vast majority would know how to raise a
concern should they have one. More information on the People Survey can be found in the sub-chapter “Employee
feedback culture” of the “Own workforce” chapter within the Sustainability Statement.
Annual global Culture, Integrity and Conduct report
The Committee also produces an annual Global Report which evaluates what the Committee has accomplished, i.e.,
progress made and identified areas of weakness and how it can effectively work to further refine ethical culture in the
following year (the Culture, Integrity and Conduct book of work). The business divisions and infrastructure functions
produce their own Culture, Integrity and Conduct Reports which are tailored to their specific profiles and are drawn on for
the Global Report.
Whistleblowing cases
The Whistleblowing Central Function carefully assesses the concerns raised and refer them to the most appropriate team
for review and, where appropriate, investigation.
Whistleblowing cases referred to investigation
% of cases referred to investigation

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Germany
APAC
United Kingdom & Ireland (UKI)
Americas
Europe
Middle East & Africa

35
22
17
13
11
2

34
26
18
10
11
2

From a regional perspective, Germany saw most cases referred to investigation followed by Asia Pacific, United Kingdom
& Ireland, Americas, Europe and Middle East & Africa. Allegations have been partially or fully substantiated during
investigations in 52% of the cases closed over the course of 2024 (2023: 38%).

329

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-financial crime

Anti-financial crime
Financial crime is detrimental to society and can have severe negative consequences for individuals, institutions, and the
integrity of the financial system. Organized crime engages in fraud, bribery, corruption, terrorist financing, and money
laundering. Criminals use complex money laundering schemes, including targeted placement and layering across different
borders, in their attempts to integrate the proceeds of their crimes back into the global financial system. External actors
seek to abuse the financial system to evade sanctions and embargoes. In addition, there is a persistent risk of terrorist
organizations trying to abuse the financial system to finance or facilitate their activities. Deutsche Bank also fights the risk
of internal fraud by employees as well as the facilitation of tax evasion.
Fighting financial crime is an integral part of Deutsche Bank’s business activities, and continuous improvements to the
Group’s capabilities in fighting financial crime are a critical priority. Successfully fighting financial crime not only mitigates
the negative impacts and risks but also generates positive impacts on society and business opportunities. Effective antifinancial crime controls are critical components of Deutsche Bank’s strategy. This includes in-depth knowledge about
Deutsche Bank’s clients, their source of funds, their source of wealth, their true tax residencies, and their ultimate beneficial
owners. The Management Board and all employees are required to adhere to the highest standards of conduct to fight
financial crime.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Every employee at Deutsche Bank is responsible for managing financial crime risk. These responsibilities and obligations
include (i) the prevention of financial crime by knowing clients, reviewing potential clients, running preventative controls,
and observing obligations and policies, (ii) the detection of unusual or suspicious behavior or patterns, including the use of
alerts from transaction monitoring systems that are reviewed by dedicated and trained teams, and (iii) the reporting of
clients, third parties and/or transactions that appear suspicious or unusual.
The ultimate decision and authority regarding the assessment, management and acceptance of financial crime risks lies
with the Group Anti-Money Laundering Officer, who also heads the Anti-Financial Crime function and reports to the
Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime Management Board member. This Group Anti-Money Laundering Officer is a
delegated authority from the Management Board, authorized to establish a Financial Crime Risk Management framework
and take necessary measures to manage risks in compliance with legal requirements. The Officer’s role is guided by the by
German Money Laundering Act (Geldwäschegesetz), the Directive on Anti-Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing
(AMLD IV) and EBA guidelines. The Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank is regularly informed about the status of financial
crime risk management by the Management Board and the Group Anti-Money Laundering Officer, for example, with
quarterly updates to the Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee.
The Anti-Financial Crime function acts independently and sets policies and standards, while Deutsche Bank’s business
divisions are responsible and accountable for their implementation and operationalization. The Management Board
ensures that the Anti-Financial Crime function can execute its tasks independently and effectively.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Deutsche Bank is committed to protecting its clients, society, and its own assets by taking an active role in the prevention,
detection, and reporting of financial crime. Recognizing the material threats posed by financial crime, the Anti-Financial
Crime function has defined a uniform strategy across financial crime risk prevention, detection, and reporting to ensure
the highest level of protection for Deutsche Bank’s clients and stakeholders, while also supporting sustainable business
practices. The Anti-Financial Crime strategy focuses on remediation, simplification, and consolidation of processes, and
evolving the AFC Program across the areas of risk appetite, risk assessment, policy, training, assurance and reporting. The
strategy serves to accelerate decision-making around financial crime risks, enforce consistent standards, and foster
collaboration with business divisions and regions, ensuring that Deutsche Bank operates within its risk appetite and that
there is a clear culture of risk ownership and accountability.

330

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-financial crime

Non-compliance with anti-financial crime laws and weak financial crime controls are material risks to Deutsche Bank.
Deutsche Bank has implemented a comprehensive Financial Crime Risk Management framework to mitigate these risks
and to build trust with clients, supervisors, and stakeholders in the public and private sectors, as well as to support long
term access to new markets and business segments. Deutsche Bank is committed to continually enhancing its financial
crime control environment and leveraging technology and analytics to enhance the effectiveness, efficiency, and
sustainability of its financial crime controls. This is made possible by working collaboratively across all lines of defense, as
well as being an active partner in the anti-financial crime community and working closely with law enforcement, regulators,
and the private sector to prevent, detect and report financial crime.
As an international financial institution offering a diversified range of global banking products, Deutsche Bank understands
its responsibility to support the industry’s anti-financial crime agenda. Failing to have effective controls around money
laundering, terrorist financing, corruption, bribery, fraud, modern slavery, or the facilitation of tax evasion, e.g., by
facilitating clients to exploit jurisdictional differences in tax laws, and failing to prevent criminals from exploiting Deutsche
Bank’s products and services, can have serious and immediate effects on society. These include undermining the rule of
law and social justice, weakening public services, lowering tax revenues by underpayment of tax, sanctions, the loss of
banking services, and financial instability, often impacting the most vulnerable members of society. Deutsche Bank
regularly and at least annually performs an assessment of its exposure to financial crime risks, giving consideration to its
entities’ and branches’ business activities, clients, products and services, transactions, delivery channels, and geographical
locations, and applies strict due diligence to all lending and investment activities.
Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime fosters a strong risk culture through collaboration across all lines of defense and
with the public and private sectors. The Anti-Financial Crime team strives to embody a culture known for its dedication,
collaboration, and expertise. Deutsche Bank promotes a culture of compliance and integrity, with senior management
playing a crucial role in reinforcing this culture. There is an emphasis on encouraging employees to speak up, supported
by extensive training and communication campaigns. The speak-up program and whistleblowing channel are detailed in
the "Culture, integrity, and conduct" chapter within this Sustainability Statement.

Impact, risk and opportunity management
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A
The Anti-Financial Crime function is involved in structural changes, such as new products, new lines of business,
expansions, or new client categories to ensure they align with Deutsche Bank’s financial crime risk appetite and have
effective controls, risk assessments, and monitoring before their launch. Anti-Financial Crime also monitors legal
requirements, translates them into policies, and supports business divisions in implementing them in relevant processes.
There are dedicated employees within AFC, the business divisions, and Technology who are dedicated to managing, or
contributing to the management of, financial crime risks. In 2022, the Anti-Financial Crime function initiated a hiring
strategy to strengthen execution and leadership capabilities, leading to a substantial increase of AFC’s headcount with
over 500 employees added over the course of 2023 addressing requirements from remediation. In line with remediation
progress, the increase in employee number for AFC slowed down in 2024. The function reached 2,492 employees by yearend 2024, up from 2,397 employees in the previous year. Additionally, AFC was supported by approximately 900
contingent workers.
Deutsche Bank has identified the need to strengthen its internal control environment and infrastructure. Reviews by
several regulators have led to requirements for Deutsche Bank to improve its anti-money laundering, sanctions, and other
controls. Deutsche Bank continues to execute change initiatives to strengthen its anti-financial crime program in
accordance with Deutsche Bank’s change governance framework, and with direct oversight by the Management Board.
Throughout 2024, various initiatives have enhanced controls and processes across all aspects of the program, including
governance, dynamic risk assessment, risk appetite setting, KYC controls, oversight of affiliates and subsidiaries,
transactional controls such as monitoring and filtering, and controls testing. The focus remains on ensuring these
enhancements in sustainable, business-as-usual operations.
The United States has established a secondary sanctions regime whereby measures can be taken against foreign financial
institutions engaged in transactions involving Russia’s military-industrial base. These sanctions could restrict access to the
United States market, freeze assets, damage reputation, and cause loss of business. Deutsche Bank has enhanced existing
controls to identify transactions and clients with higher secondary sanctions risk exposure but cannot eliminate the risk
that it might inadvertently facilitate transactions that could give rise to secondary sanctions. Deutsche Bank continuously
enhances its controls and processes to comply with regulations, particularly across its affiliates, and regularly tracks and
tests adherence and potential risks thereto.

331

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-financial crime

A robust risk management and fight against financial crime positively impacts trust with clients, supervisors, and other
stakeholders, and can support Deutsche Bank in the long term to access new markets and business segments as well as
enhance brand value. Further, the above-mentioned strategy drives efficiency by mitigating inconsistent implementation
of financial crime compliance standards and improving information sharing. Strict controls and due diligence on clients
and products are likely to reduce criminals’ access to finance their illicit activities and yield positive short-term effects for
society.

Partnerships
The fight against financial crime requires an exchange of knowledge and experience with all relevant stakeholders to
improve and further develop an effective program for management of financial crime risks that supports the integrity of
the financial system and reduces the harms furthered by financial crime. In 2024, Deutsche Bank continued its existing
financial crime risks industry engagements with the relevant associations such as the Wolfsberg Group, and public-private
partnerships (collaborations between the public and private sector), as well as supporting initiatives that help to improve
information sharing. During 2024, Deutsche Bank served as co-chair of the Wolfsberg Group. Since 2022, Deutsche Bank
has a seat on the German Anti-Financial Crime Alliance Board. This board is composed of representatives from both the
financial and non-financial sector, as well as the public authorities including Germany’s Financial Intelligence Unit, the
German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin), and the German
Federal Criminal Police Office (Bundeskriminalamt, BKA). Other partnerships include the Europol’s Financial Intelligence
public-private partnership where the Head of Deutsche Bank’s Financial Crime Intelligence Unit is part of the partnership’s
steering group, and the United Kingdom’s Joint Money Laundering Intelligence Taskforce. Furthermore, Deutsche Bank is
part of a project in Germany (EuroDaT/safeAML) that is supported by the German Ministry of Finance (Bundesministerium
der Finanzen, BMF) and Ministry of Economics in Hesse serving financial crime prevention by improving information sharing
between financial institutions.

Financial crime risk management framework
ESRS 2 MDR-P
The Financial Crime Risk Management framework outlines Deutsche Bank’s approach to identifying and managing financial
crime risks. The Framework subsumes financial crime risks under money laundering, terrorist financing and facilitation of
tax evasion, sanctions and embargoes, internal and external fraud and bribery and corruption. The document should be
read in conjunction with the Code of Conduct, the Risk Management Policy, and the Risk Appetite framework.
Deutsche Bank has a comprehensive set of policies that establish the minimum standards in line with all relevant regulatory
requirements across all jurisdictions where Deutsche Bank operates. Key policies are the Group’s Anti-Money Laundering
Policy which encompasses Anti-Money Laundering as well as the Prevention of the Facilitation of Tax Evasion and Counter
Terrorist Financing, Sanctions Policy, Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy and Anti-Fraud Policy. The policies apply to all
employees and are reviewed annually with input from relevant stakeholders within Deutsche Bank as per the Policy on
Requirements for Policies, Procedures, Key Operating and Framework Documents. The most recent versions of all policies
are available on Deutsche Bank’s policy portal, and changes are communicated to all employees. Familiarity is reinforced
through mandatory training, including links to the relevant policies and procedures, and failure to comply can lead to
disciplinary action. Where necessary, policy details are made available to stakeholders helping to implement minimum
standards laid out in the policies. The Management Board of Deutsche Bank is ultimately accountable for the
implementation of these policies.
In addition, Deutsche Bank adheres to standards from organizations such as the Wolfsberg Group on the prevention of
Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing

Prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing, and facilitation of tax evasion
Money laundering, terrorist financing, and the facilitation of tax evasion pose significant risks to Deutsche Bank. To manage
these risks Deutsche Bank has established minimum control standards including risk-based client due diligence,
monitoring of transactions, name list screening, investigation of alerts, and filing of suspicious activity reports to
authorities. These suspicious activity reports can be triggered by alerts from transaction monitoring, internal referrals from
employees, enquiries of law enforcement, or referrals from other banks. Additional measures include assessing client risk
exposure and reducing it by, for example, terminating relevant client relationships and liquidating or reducing risk in
relevant and associated positions.

332

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-financial crime

The Anti-Money Laundering Policy and the Know Your Client Policies outline the minimum control requirements and are
updated regularly in line with regulatory developments and supplemented with internal safeguarding measures. The AntiMoney Laundering policy sets out the globally applicable minimum Anti-Money Laundering requirements and is
complemented by local supplements to comply with only locally applicable regulatory requirements. It details the
responsibilities of employees to undertake training, report unusual activity, refer enquiries from authorities to the relevant
Anti-Money Laundering Officer of the respective Legal Entity, be aware of channels available to raise concerns and report
issues, and keep and retain documentation relating to Anti-Money Laundering. Relevant employees must, among other
things, conduct due diligence on their clients, establish the identity, ownership and residency of clients, the purpose and
nature of their relationship, provide information on clients, transactions, or parties to the Anti-Money Laundering Officer
as requested, and exit or reject clients following instructions from the Anti-Money Laundering Officer. The additional Know
Your Client policy prescribes activities to assess a client’s or counterparty’s underlying financial crime risk including
requirements on the timing of client reviews, due diligence measures at client adoption, regular and event driven client
reviews, the treatment of politically exposed persons or clients who are high risk for tax evasion, as well as business
restrictions and client exits.

Compliance with sanctions and embargoes
Deutsche Bank is committed to complying with sanctions and embargoes imposed by the United Nations, European Union,
and Germany globally as well as more far-reaching sanctions imposed by jurisdictions in which it operates, especially the
United States and United Kingdom. To control this risk, Deutsche Bank filters transactions, screens client and counterparty
data, restricts trade in sanctioned financial instruments, and takes further measures such as rejecting or freezing
transactions, restricting client activities, or exiting client relationships.
The Sanctions Policy outlines the requirements and standards for identifying, escalating, and managing sanctions and
proliferation financing risks, and applies globally to all Deutsche Bank employees. In circumstances where a jurisdiction’s
requirements are stricter than those of the Sanctions Policy, the stricter local requirements must be followed. However,
where local requirements are less stringent, the global Sanctions Policy prevails.

Prevention and detection of fraud, corruption, and bribery
ESRS G1-3
Deutsche Bank is committed to comply with anti-bribery and corruption laws and has policies and supporting procedures
in place that are consistent with the regulatory and legal requirements in the jurisdictions in which it operates, and with
the UN Convention against Corruption.
Annually, an assessment of inherent bribery and corruption risks and corresponding controls across all of its businesses is
undertaken. Deutsche Bank has policies, procedures and controls that cover those areas that present an increased risk of
bribery and corruption, the cornerstone of which is the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy. These policies cover all key
areas of Deutsche Bank’s bribery and corruption risk exposure, including key risk areas such as gifts and entertainment,
charitable donations, hiring practices, joint ventures and strategic investments, vendor risk management, books and
records, and political contributions. Bribery and corruption policies and procedures apply to all employees, including
temporary and contract employees.
Deutsche Bank continues to reduce its exposure to areas that present a higher inherent bribery and corruption risk, such
as the use of business development consultants, and continues to enhance its existing controls. In addition, Deutsche Bank
has implemented preventative and detective controls including increased levels of management approval, enhanced due
diligence on business development consultants and joint venture/strategic investment partners, including anti-bribery
contractual representations and warranties, and ongoing monitoring of employee behavior.
Identified instances of bribery and corruption are independently investigated, with disciplinary actions for employees
ranging from Red Flags up to termination of employment. Identified instances would be reported to senior management
and relevant legal or regulatory authorities. See chapter on “Whistleblowing” for further information.
Deutsche Bank has also implemented a holistic Fraud Risk Management framework across all three lines of defense. The
second line of defense owns governance and defines minimum standards, while the first line of defense implements and
operates key controls to mitigate fraud risk, such as online banking transaction monitoring and call-back procedures. The
Anti-Fraud Policy sets out applicable minimum requirements and defines fraud, including the prohibition of internal fraud
by employees against Deutsche Bank, its clients, and other third parties. Furthermore, the policy provides guidance for
understanding and assessing fraud risk, as well as escalation paths for internal and external fraud events.

333

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-financial crime

Metrics and targets
ESRS 2 MDR-M, ESRS G1-3, ESRS G1-4

Training

Regular and at least annual, mandatory training is conducted for all in-scope employees and contractual workers across
all locations and businesses. These trainings cover all financial crime risks, including prevention of the facilitation of tax
evasion, anti-fraud, bribery, and corruption, and test the learners’ knowledge of the risks covered. The mandatory
curriculum is accompanied by additional facultative training offerings.
The training modules emphasize the importance of identifying financial crime risks, such as the facilitation of tax evasion,
and raising concerns or suspicions including the use of the anonymous whistleblowing hotline. Modules articulate the
personal, professional, financial, regulatory, and societal consequences of failing to manage financial crime risks. For
instance, the mandatory anti-bribery and corruption training covers relevant regulatory requirements, key areas of
Deutsche Bank’s risk exposure, corresponding prevention measures, and applicable minimum standards and policies.
Learners who do not complete the training by the required due date are subject to potential disciplinary action and are
reported to the Compliance Red Flag team for investigation.
In 2024, training completion rates for Anti-Financial Crime training were as follows: 99.88% for Anti-Fraud, Bribery and
Corruption, 99.82% for Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist and Proliferation Financing, 99.98% for Preventing
the Facilitation of Tax Evasion and 99.52% for Sanctions. These completion percentages include vendor staff trained in
2024.
Anti-financial crime training programs
Dec 31, 2024

Training programs related to anti-bribery and anti-corruption
Training programs related to anti-money laundering and counter terrorist
financing
Training programs related to the prevention of facilitation of tax evasion2
Training programs related to sanctions and embargoes
1
2

Dec 31, 2023

Staff covered (in
headcount)

Completion rate
(in %)

Staff covered (in
headcount)1

Completion rate
(in %)

103,112

99.88

51,793

99.96

104,605

99.82

87,116

99.97

51,305
104,157

99.98
99.52

0
53,642

0
99.96

Employee numbers for the reported 2023 training completion rates exclude vendor-affiliated staff.
Prevention of facilitation of tax evasion training is provided on a two year cycle. Numbers reflect training provided on a distributed roll-out basis.

Convictions and fines related to violations of anti-corruption laws
Deutsche Bank is committed to complying with all applicable anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations and expects
transparency and integrity in all its business dealings to avoid any improper advantage or the appearance of questionable
conduct by its employees and associated third parties.
Deutsche Bank does not tolerate bribery or corruption in any form. All employees have an obligation, as enforced through
both the relevant policies and employment contracts, to report their involvement as a party to any criminal investigation
or conviction.
In 2024, there were no convictions for violations of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws either disclosed to Deutsche Bank
by its employees or where Deutsche Bank has assumed the legal costs of underlying proceedings. In 2024, there were no
fines levied against Deutsche Bank for violation of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws.

334

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-competitive behavior

Anti-competitive behavior
Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Deutsche Bank recognizes that managing antitrust risk effectively is integral to its governance and corporate culture.
Deutsche Bank’s commitment to antitrust is underpinned by its Code of Conduct, which is approved by the Management
Board and applies to all employees and members of Deutsche Bank’s Management Board. The Code is regularly reviewed
and is updated as necessary in response to industry developments or events. Employees are required to attest to having
read and understood the Code of Conduct on a regular basis.
The Management Board and all employees are responsible for managing antitrust risk. The Management Board oversees
risk management throughout the bank. Deutsche Bank’s Compliance and Legal departments perform an independent
control function (second level) by promoting and enforcing compliance with the law. The Non-Financial Risk Committee
oversees, governs and coordinates the management of the non-financial risks group wide and established a cross risk and
holistic perspective of the bank’s key non-financial risks. Senior Regional Business Management is responsible for
developing policies, controls and procedures to define, implement and document processes and controls to manage risks.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Deutsche Bank seeks to adhere to relevant laws, rules and regulations and endeavors to respect those of fair competition
in the markets. Deutsche Bank’s exposure to antitrust risk is influenced by its market activities, the products and services
offered, client relationships and the geographies in which Deutsche Bank operates.
Deutsche Bank operates a Three Lines of Defense risk management model on the basis of which the bank has a clear
framework in place setting out roles and responsibilities among various functions to ensure that it remains compliant with
antitrust obligations. Deutsche Bank has identified antitrust risk as one of the key risks within the bank and is subject to
oversight by the Second Line of Defense (2LoD) that antitrust risk management is implemented holistically across.
Antitrust risk has been integrated into Deutsche Bank’s annual risk assessment processes. On an annual basis, Deutsche
Bank undertakes an assessment of inherent antitrust risks. Antitrust risk and the relevant underlying risk drivers form an
integral part of the annual risk & controls assessment across its businesses, and, in addition, Compliance is undertaking
monitoring activities. Deutsche Bank continues to implement new and further enhance its existing controls in key risk areas.

Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS 2 MDR-P
Anti-competitive behavior and other violations of antitrust laws can have a negative impact on markets, clients and wider
society with short-term effects. The risk of anti-competitive behavior is inherent in Deutsche Bank’s operations and the
scale and complexity of its daily activities and services provided. Deutsche Bank may be exposed to legal action and
reputational damage if authorities or others were to take enforcement or other corrective action. Relevant products and
jurisdictions are typically highly regulated with significant regulatory scrutiny and frequent enforcement action in the
industry for non-compliance of applicable rules and regulations.
Deutsche Bank has no tolerance for its employees to engage in breach of antitrust laws and regulations and is committed
to compliance with antitrust laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Deutsche Bank’s most critical asset against
antitrust risks are its employees. Deutsche Bank promotes a risk culture that encourages employees to speak-up and a
thorough awareness of antitrust risks. Tone from the top is extremely important and senior management is highly
committed to reinforce this culture of integrity. The wider speak-up program and the relating Whistleblowing channel is
described in the chapter “Culture, integrity and conduct”.
Potential instances of antitrust are independently investigated and any employee determined to be engaged in such
behavior would be subject to disciplinary actions, including red flags, up to and including termination of employment.
Identified instances of antitrust breaches would be reported to senior management and relevant legal or regulatory
authorities.

335

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-competitive behavior

Deutsche Bank has established and is operating a dynamic antitrust risk management framework, and all employees are
required to adhere to the highest standards of conduct to avoid infringements of antitrust laws. Deutsche Bank operates
a control framework and governance structure, advocates for the development of sound internal processes and does not
endorse actions that constitute violations of antitrust laws. The Non-Financial Risk Committee oversees, governs and
coordinates the management of the non-financial risks group wide, including antitrust. In addition, a senior governance
forum, the antitrust operating forum, is dedicated to antitrust. It has representatives across different functions, including
business, infrastructure, antitrust experts and senior employees and has been integrated into the general structure of
Deutsche Bank’s reporting lines, escalating into the Group Compliance Officer and the Group General Counsel with
reporting and escalation lines into the Management Board. The antitrust operating forum currently meets every two
months to monitor external key developments and trends in the area of anti-competitive behavior and be informed of
relevant key internal developments.
Deutsche Bank has implemented the Antitrust Risk Management Framework Policy, which is the bank’s Antitrust Policy
that applies within Deutsche Bank and its affiliates to all employees globally and sets out the obligations on employees in
relation to antitrust risk. The Policy is to be read in conjunction with the Code of Conduct. It is reviewed annually, and
relevant changes are communicated to all employees. The most recent version of the Antitrust Policy is available on
Deutsche Bank’s internal Policy Portal that is available on the intranet page and is accessible by all employees of Deutsche
Bank to minimize the negative effects of a potential breach.
The Antitrust Policy requires all employees to identify, report, and manage the risk appropriately, and it provides for
relevant escalation channels to report incidents in relation to anti-competitive behavior. The policy defines the
manifestations of the risk, how Deutsche Bank manages and mitigates the risk as part of its enterprise-wide risk
management framework. It observes various global antitrust rules and regulations and takes into account the
interpretation and enforcement practice of competition authorities. The policy covers key areas of antitrust, including
forms of collusive behavior, information exchange with competitors, participation in trade associations and other external
committees as well as other business gatherings, aspects related to human resources as well as joint venture activity and
other forms of cooperation. The policy defines governance and sets out the requirements and minimum standards that
relevant divisions must meet, including implementing key controls related to identify, prevent or detect antitrust risk as
relevant. Senior Regional Business Management is responsible for developing policies and procedures to define,
implement and document processes and controls that meet the requirements of the Antitrust Policy and are accountable
for the implementation of the policies and the minimum standards.
Deutsche Bank has designed and implemented preventative and detective antitrust controls to manage antitrust risk, all
of which are critical components of Deutsche Bank’s risk framework management strategy. Deutsche Bank undertakes a
risk and control assessment of inherent antitrust risks and corresponding controls across its businesses on an annual basis.
As a result, it continues to implement new and further enhance its existing controls in key risk areas. For example, these
include controls around interaction with third parties, contract related, as well as monitoring interaction with third parties.
There have been no material changes since the annual risk and control assessment process in the previous year. The risk
remains within tolerance as customized remediation actions including control enhancements, targeted training initiatives
and policy updates were developed and further implemented.
Antitrust training is essential to ensure compliance with antitrust laws, rules and regulations and to raise employees’
awareness to enable them to better identify and assess antitrust risks and escalate as necessary. Deutsche Bank has
implemented mandatory training for all staff on antitrust principles and applicable scenarios that have regulatory focus
based on their sub-divisions. The training encompasses the content of the Antitrust Policy, the key compliance
requirements and what steps must be taken to report potential breaches. The antitrust training is rolled out on a recurring
basis to all members of staff globally via Deutsche Bank’s online e-learning platform. The antitrust mandatory training is
supplemented by further antitrust training that is done ad hoc and tailored to specific business units. The mandatory
training has been updated in 2024, refreshed with new scenarios, and re-launched to address anti-competitive behavior.
In 2024 the completion rates for the training was above 99.9%.
The antitrust mandatory training is subject to the Red Flag process with objective measures to monitor and assess
adherence to certain risk-related behaviors, policies, and procedures. Red Flags are considered in promotion,
compensation, and performance management decisions. For employees, failure to complete the mandatory training and
late completion can result in disciplinary consequences that can adversely affect employees’ compensation and their
manager’s.

336

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Anti-competitive behavior

In addition, Deutsche Bank has updated its Code of Conduct, including a refreshed chapter on anti-competitive behavior.
In parallel, the related Code of Conduct training has been refreshed to include a scenario on anti-competitive behavior.
Further, Deutsche Bank continued developing and updating relevant internal guidance materials, guidance notes and
templates to capture and consider ongoing developments required by relevant laws, regulations, and enforcement trends
in relation to anti-competitive behavior.
For a summary of relevant, material legal actions and litigation where anti-competitive behavior is alleged, please refer to
Note 27 “Provisions – Current Individual Proceedings” in the Annual Report.
The effectiveness of the antitrust risk management framework is tracked through Deutsche Bank’s annual risk and control
assessment process and overall governance process outlined above.

337

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Tax

Tax
Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
The bank has clear principles of conduct and behavior as they relate to the bank’s tax affairs and a framework setting out
roles and responsibilities among the various functions for defined tax types to ensure that the bank remains compliant with
its tax obligations. The bank’s tax affairs are managed by the in-house tax function, which is an independent risk and control
function separate to the business divisions. The Global Head of Tax, who leads the in-house tax function, has a direct
reporting line into the Chief Financial Officer. The tax function supports the Management Board in defining the tax
strategy, which is published externally, as well as the tax principles policy framework. Both the tax strategy as well as the
tax principles policy framework are approved by the Chief Financial Officer and the Management Board.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
The key principles of the above referenced tax strategy and tax principles are:
– Deutsche Bank undertakes its tax affairs on a basis which generates sustainable value while meeting applicable legal
and regulatory tax requirements
– Deutsche Bank gives due regard to the intent and spirit of tax laws, the social context within which the bank operates,
and the bank’s standing and reputation with the public, tax administrations, regulators, and political representatives
These principles apply to all businesses, regions and entities. They enable the bank to manage the tax affairs in a way which
aims to ensure that the tax consequences of business operations are appropriately aligned with the economic, regulatory,
and commercial consequences of those business operations, with due regard being given to the potential perspective of
the relevant tax authorities.
Tax evasion, which is a financial crime, is illegal and goes against Deutsche Bank’s culture and the bank’s policies strictly
prohibit aiding or abetting tax evasion as further explained in the chapter “Anti-Financial Crime” within the Sustainability
Statement.

Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS 2 IRO-2, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, GRI 207-4
In conducting its business affairs, setting up and structuring its business operations and commercial activities, the bank
considers the tax requirements of the respective jurisdictions in which it operates, with a view to generating sustainable
value to Deutsche Bank and its shareholders. In this context the bank is subject to tax-related risks, which is an inherent
consequence of the scale and diversity of Deutsche Bank’s business activities and the international nature of the bank’s
business. This is exacerbated by the growing complexity of international tax laws and divergent approach of national tax
authorities in various instances. The bank seeks to understand and mitigate risks where possible. It operates a control
framework which ensures that it is compliant in all material aspects with applicable tax laws, files accurate tax returns, and
pays the amount of tax due. In addition, the bank aims for its dealings with tax authorities to be undertaken in a proactive,
transparent, professional, courteous, and timely manner and seeks to develop and foster good working relationships with
tax authorities.
The bank does not provide tax advice to clients. The tax principles embedded in the bank’s new product approval process
stipulate that transactions with clients are to be conducted on the basis that clients comply with relevant tax laws and
reporting requirements. The bank also expects the same from third parties providing services to the bank or on the bank’s
behalf (for further information see “Supply chain management” chapter within this Sustainability Statement).
The bank’s in-house tax function manages the bank’s tax affairs consistent with the tax strategy and tax principles on a
basis which generates sustainable value and protects Deutsche Bank’s reputation and brand. It employs skilled
professionals to ensure that its position with respect to the bank’s own tax matters is robust.

338

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Tax

In addition, the in-house tax function monitors developments and legislative changes and the bank routinely updates its
tax strategy and related policies and procedures in response. For example, on February 14, 2023, the Council of the EU
added Russia to the list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes effective for the tax years beginning January 1,
2024. The bank does not anticipate material implications for Deutsche Bank and its Russian operations. Furthermore, the
bank is impacted by changes in the principles of international taxation emanating from the OECD's Base Erosion and Profit
Shifting agenda. On December 20, 2021, the OECD issued model rules for a global minimum tax under Pillar 2, the Global
Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules. These model rules create an internationally coordinated system of taxation intended to
ensure that multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax of 15% in each jurisdiction in which they operate. The EU
implemented these model rules via a directive. The provisions under the EU directive were transposed into German law
(“Mindeststeuergesetz” or “MinStG”). The Pillar 2 rules are generally effective for tax years beginning after December 30,
2023. Pillar 2 global information reports and respective tax returns for 2024 are generally due in June 2026. To the extent
applicable, Deutsche Bank AG must remit a Pillar 2 liability calculated for a jurisdiction to the German tax authorities,
unless that jurisdiction enacts its own set of Pillar 2 rules. Of the close to 60 countries in which the bank operates,
approximately 50% have enacted or are in the process of enacting their own set of Pillar 2 rules. The bank’s in-house tax
function is monitoring developments and assessing implications. For further details see Note 34 – Income Taxes.
As a matter of principle, Deutsche Bank reports its profits in the countries in which they are generated, this means that
profits are also taxed in those countries. Intercompany transactions are undertaken on an arm’s length basis in accordance
with internationally accepted OECD transfer pricing principles, giving due consideration to applicable local rules and
requirements. Deutsche Bank does not undertake uncommercial artificial steps for the purpose of obtaining tax benefits.
Details on the bank’s international operations are provided in Deutsche Bank’s 2024 Notes to the consolidated financial
statements, which disclose the income tax expense or benefit in the jurisdictions in which the bank operates (see Note 43
– Country by country reporting). For information on the domicile of the companies, names and their primary activities
please refer to the shareholdings list (see Note 44 – Shareholdings). The geographical location of subsidiaries and branches
considers the country of incorporation or residence.
To enhance the understanding of the Country by country reporting (see Note 43 – Country by country reporting) the
following explanatory information is provided. The Country by country information reported is derived from the IFRS Group
accounts of Deutsche Bank. It is, however, not directly reconcilable to other financial information in the Annual Report
because of specific guidance published by the Bundesbank on December 16, 2014, which includes the requirement to
present the country information prior to the elimination of cross-border intragroup transactions. In line with this
requirement, only intragroup transactions within the same country are eliminated. As an example, the dividend income
received by a group entity in country x from a subsidiary in country y is not included in the IFRS Group accounts, as these
are eliminated in consolidation. However, they are included in and reported in the results of country x in the Country by
country reporting. As a matter of principle such intra-group dividend income is generally tax-exempt in most jurisdictions
to avoid double or multiple layers of taxation. Accordingly, these specific reporting requirements can have a significant
impact on the jurisdictional effective tax rate shown in the Country by country reporting, which may differ from the
country’s statutory tax rate. Moreover, the disclosed income tax expense or benefit may also reflect various other
adjustments required by tax law, e.g., non-tax-deductible expenses or tax-exempt income.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank’s total income tax expense amounted to € 1.8 billion (see Consolidated Statement of Income as
well as Note 34 – Income Taxes) and income taxes paid during 2024 amounted to € 1.4 billion in the year 2024 (see
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows).

339

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Public policy and regulation

Public policy and regulation
Deutsche Bank has a clearly structured framework for managing the risk of regulatory change and enhancing its profile in
policy and regulatory debates. The framework enables Deutsche Bank to engage with relevant regulatory and political
stakeholders. It also ensures informed strategic decision-making and provides oversight and control over how key
regulatory initiatives are implemented.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Government & Public Affairs is part of Corporate & Strategy Affairs. The Global Head of Corporate Affairs & Strategy
(CA&S) reports to the Chief Executive Officer. Government & Public Affairs consists of around 19 employees (Full Time
Equivalent)) in key business and political hubs: Frankfurt, London, New York, Berlin, Brussels, and Washington.
The Government & Public Affairs function works closely with the Regulatory and Exam Management Group. The latter
works with all divisions and infrastructure functions as the principal point of contact for key supervisors and is responsible
for managing the bank’s relationships and collaboration with them. It also supports senior management’s interactions with
these supervisors. This includes all aspects of exam management, from preparation, meetings, documentation and
responding to requests up to capturing regulatory findings and facilitating the finding closure process. The Regulatory and
Exam Management Group function is also part of the Corporate & Strategy Affairs division and led by the Heads of the
Regulatory & Exam Management Group, who report directly to Global Head of Corporate Affairs & Strategy.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
The banking industry is subject to extensive, complex, and frequently reviewed policies and regulations which exposes the
bank to significant regulatory risks. Deutsche Bank systematically prioritizes these risks and assigns clear accountability
for identifying regulatory changes, assessing their impact, and taking the steps necessary to ensure compliance.
In recent years, regulators and policymakers across the globe have created numerous rulebooks to improve transparency
on sustainable finance, increase disclosure of Environment, Social and Governance information, and promote sustainability
in the value chain. Besides the voluntary sustainability commitments of Deutsche Bank, these regulatory initiatives also
impact its strategy.
Key regulatory acts include, among others, the EU Taxonomy, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), the
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), the
German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act, the California laws on greenhouse gas emissions disclosure and the Singapore
Transition Taxonomy.
Deutsche Bank supports the increased focus on transitioning economies to a more sustainable operating model with
sustainable finance as key tool to make this transition happen. At the same time, the bank is committed to making the very
complex set of rules more practical to apply, to better reflect the sustainability successes of companies and banks and to
develop a stronger steering effect.
In doing so and keeping the mission statement in mind, Deutsche Bank engages with all key stakeholders across the various
topics. Following also the Global Hausbank strategy, the bank aims to support clients across the globe with all the
necessary advice. In doing so, the bank provides thought leadership advice to stakeholders to ensure their sustained
success.
In engaging with the various policymakers across the hubs at global level Deutsche Bank aims to ensure that guidelines
and regulations produced are interchangeable as much as possible. This would lead to more comparability and
transparency between reports and disclosures around ESG, which in turn would increase the usability of the disclosure
information for third parties.
To ensure that sustainable transition can be achieved as practical as possible, the bank acts as intermediate between
clients and policymakers, by translating implementation challenges to the policymakers and vice versa by explaining the
regulatory intention behind disclosure and reporting requirements to clients. This should lead to better understanding of
both public and private side stakeholders and in the end to a more effective and efficient sustainable transition process.

340

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Public policy and regulation

In practice this means that Deutsche Bank drafts position papers and presentations and shares these with the respective
stakeholders. The positions are aligned to the bank’s net-zero strategy and support the Paris climate targets. This should
especially assist in financing sustainable business activities of companies that are not yet considered sustainable but have
the potential to make a decisive contribution to the success of the transformation. Here, the biggest steps toward reducing
emission and adhering to the Paris agreement can and should be made.
2024 was a year of elections. Elections took place at the level of the European Parliament, in the United Kingdom and in
the United States. In addition, the European Commission’s mandate ended in November 2024 and a new college of
Commissioners will be leading this key institution for European policymaking. This has meant that there was a hold on
further policymaking that support sustainable transition for most of the year. The bank, however, saw that focus on
sustainability towards the end of the year has picked up again.
Key regulatory topics in 2024 included:
– In the European Union: Deutsche Bank main focus was on the implementation of the final Basel III rules and the review
of the EU macroprudential framework. It further accompanied the revisions of the Markets in Financial Instruments
Directive, of the settlement cycle and of the European securitization framework. Deutsche Bank also focused on
supporting ongoing work on the digital euro at the level of the ECB with its preparation phase as well as at the level of
the European co-legislators, dealing with the future legislative framework for the digital euro. The bank also worked on
other important payment files, including the new Instant Payments Regulation and the review of the Payment services
Directive. The bank underlined that the private sector and the EU institutions need to agree on a holistic vision for a
sovereign and competitive EU payment landscape. In addition, given that it was an election year, no new proposals were
added to the key topics and Deutsche Bank mainly focused on addressing the challenge on how to finance Europe’s
broader transition. Not only from a sustainability perspective, but also from a digital perspective. Here, the bank
considered that further developing European capital markets remains essential. Bank funding alone will not be able to
overcome the financing gap that exists. In that context, Deutsche Bank also participated in debates on investor
protection and on the Retail Investment Strategy. Transition finance fortunately became central in each discussion on
how to transition corporates and small and medium enterprises (SME’s) to a greener, long-term sustainable business
model
– In the United Kingdom, regulatory changes to the financial services framework continued throughout the year and there
has been relative continuity despite the change in government to focus on areas in the financial services framework
which contribute to growth of the U.K. economy. Deutsche Bank focused the advocacy efforts on changes which
enhance primary market efficiency, such as the changes to the Listing Act which entered into force on 29 July 2024 as
well as the ongoing changes to the Prospectus Regime and has shared the bank’s views on key areas to focus on in the
context of the Pensions Review. Deutsche Bank also supported key topics of relevance for its London branch with
regards to secondary markets, such as the remaining changes in the context of the Wholesale Markets Review, including
on transparency rules under the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (U.K. MiFIR) and the bank – via trade
associations – contributed to the work of the accelerated settlement taskforce on a move to a one day settlement cycle
(also known as T+1) in the U.K. In the area of sustainable finance, the bank supported the work on the development of
guidance for sector-specific transition plans. Lastly, Deutsche Bank engaged via trade associations in the ongoing work
on U.K. digital gilts and the broader digitalization of the financial services framework with the aim of contributing to a
future-proof regulatory framework.
– In the United States: the main focus was on the prudential regulators proposed rule to implement the Basel Committee’s
finalized Basel III framework. The proposal raised capital requirements for banks with over U.S.$ 100 billion in assets
and removes much of the differentiation among institutions’ requirements. There remains significant uncertainty
regarding how many changes will be made in the final rule as well as in the timing of finalization. Prudential regulators
are also investigating potential changes to liquidity requirements, in particular to address liquidity issues that arose
during the March 2023 banking stress in the United States

341

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Public policy and regulation

Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS 2 SBM-3
The bank identifies risks and opportunities coming from new regulatory developments in several ways. First, via direct
engagement with policymakers Deutsche Bank learns more about upcoming regulatory developments. Second, via
membership of the various trade associations the bank is also notified of new developments. Third, the bank monitors and
tracks new regulatory developments across key business and political hubs and shares this information across all its
divisions via an internal daily newsletter. In general, the bank engages throughout the entire policy discussion process
which can vary between one and a half years and two to three years, depending on the jurisdiction.
Based on these interactions Deutsche Bank engages with internal and external stakeholders. Many of the regulatory
developments on the sustainability front are not unique to the financial sector but cut across all sectors. These therefore
impact the bank’s clients across the globe as well. Given that Deutsche Bank can only be successful if its clients are
successful, the bank engages with many different policymakers to gather a great deal of information on upcoming
regulatory requirements affecting the bank and its clients. Deutsche Bank therefore not only tries to translate this into risk
and opportunities for the bank itself but also shares its insights with clients so that they can be better prepared for dealing
with new regulatory requirements. Via these client interactions, the bank also receives feedback on what hurdles clients
are facing when implementing new standards. This in turn is very useful information for policymakers to receive as well. It
is in Deutsche Bank’s best interest that the policies and regulatory frameworks that are written work in practice and lead
to the transition of the bank and its clients towards more sustainable business models.
By actively engaging in the political process to lobby for (ESG)-effective and efficient regulation, Deutsche Bank believes
that this can have a positive impact on the environment and society at large. The bank also sees it as an opportunity to be
perceived as sustainability leader by engaging in policy debates as well as having the possibility to shape the political and
regulatory environment that is supportive of the bank's business model. The principal aim of the bank’s advocacy activities
is to support governments and regulators to create a business environment that allows for growth while respecting
environmental and societal needs.
Deutsche Bank's engagement with regards to ESG is focused on topics where the bank can leverage its expertise as
financial service provider e.g., on upscaling sustainable finance markets and transition financing. The bank also brings into
the political debate the challenges its clients face in their transition.
On the issue of Transition Finance, Deutsche Bank stated that focusing solely on “green” finance will not be sufficient to
meet the Green Deal and that more emphasis needs to be placed on funding of transitional activities, especially of highemitting sectors. To be able to provide this financing, a principle-based guidance for Transition Finance linked to transition
plans based on sectoral roadmaps to net-zero emissions, needs to be developed. In addition, the EU Taxonomy needs to
become more workable to allow for Transition Finance and it should be supported by Industrial policy measures to
accelerate the transformation.
Deutsche Bank also supported the objective of the recently adopted Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and
pointed to the fact that the bank already carries out a bespoke environmental and social risk due diligence when e.g.,
providing loans. However, it also clarified that in order to remain effective, the new directive needs to be risk-based,
appropriate and not increase bureaucracy across client business. Also, the scope of the financial services covered should
be limited to loans provided to direct clients, as they are long-term oriented. Deutsche Bank further pointed to competitive
disadvantages in markets where the bank and its clients are competing against institutions who are not subject to these
obligations.
ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS G1-5
The Government & Public Affairs function is responsible for conducting transparent and constructive government and
regulatory engagement on behalf of the bank as outlined in its mission statement:
“On behalf of Deutsche Bank, Government & Public Affairs engages governments, policymakers, and the industry to create
the best possible conditions for the bank’s clients to thrive and to help them navigate geopolitical uncertainty. To best
serve its clients, the bank advocates for strong and competitive European banks; the responsible growth of capital markets;
policies to fairly deliver the green transition; and innovation in payments and technology that benefits society.“
The Government & Public Affairs function also monitors emerging policymaking and regulatory developments that may
impact the bank and develops and coordinates the bank’s position on them. In addition, it advises senior management and
clients on global political trends and geopolitical risk.

342

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Public policy and regulation

With the mission statement in mind, Deutsche Bank engages across a number of topics with various policymakers in key
business and political hubs as outlined above. When it comes to the engagement, Deutsche Bank sets clear rules and
procedures for interactions between employees and policy and regulatory stakeholders and is registered in key lobbying
registers to conduct these activities in full transparency. The Supervisory Authorities Engagement Policy governs
interactions with core regulators in the United States, Europe, Hong Kong, and Singapore. It requires all such interactions
to be logged and recorded by the relevant Regulatory Management Group. In addition, interactions with the German
Federal Government and the German Parliament as well as with the EU institutions must comply with the bank’s
Representation of Interests Policy. This policy sets the standards for interactions with representatives of the German
Federal Government and the German Parliament as well as of the EU institutions. It provides a centralized clearance of the
contacts with representatives of these institutions in so far, they are carried out with the aim of directly or indirectly
influencing the decision-making process and especially the formulation or implementation of policy or legislation.
Deutsche Bank also has policies regarding its U.S. lobbying activities and employees’ political contributions to Deutsche
Bank Americas’ Political Action Committee.
In addition to its internal policies, the bank is a signatory to the EU Transparency Register under number 27191261123156, which requires it to comply with the register’s code of conduct and to publicly disclose an estimation of expenditures
for advocacy toward EU institutions. These costs are updated annually and consist of, among other things, expenses for
the bank’s Brussels offices, including staff there as well as staff outside of Brussels and a percentage of membership fees
in associations active at the EU level.
Deutsche Bank is also a signatory to the Federal German Lobbying Register under number R001998, which requires to
comply with a code of conduct and to publicly disclose, among others, an estimation of annual expenditures for advocacy
toward the Federal German Government and German Parliament. In addition, Deutsche Bank is also reported in the
respective Lobbying Registers in the States of Bavaria under number DEBYLT01D4 and Baden-Württemberg under its own
denomination. Those registers improve the transparency of Deutsche Bank’s political engagement in Germany.
The bank’s lobbying activities are limited to providing its in-house expertise and are not supported by any donations to
political parties, their elected representatives or persons seeking political office. Pursuant to the bank’s Group Policy on
Donations, Memberships & Sponsorships, the Group prohibits direct donations to political parties. Deutsche Bank is a
member in two trade associations which represent interests outside the financial services sector that made political
contributions in Germany during 2024. These indirect political contributions, which amounted to a total volume of
€ 36,254, were made without the banks knowledge and are unrelated to topics on which Deutsche Bank carried out interest
representation activities. Also, due to external and internal reporting constraints all data in relation to indirect political
contributions were not available at the date of this reporting.
Employees who are U.S. Citizens or green card holders living in the United States may make voluntary donations to the
Deutsche Bank Americas’ Political Action Committee (PAC). The PAC is regulated by the U.S. Federal Election Commission
and makes monthly public filings to the Federal Election Commission as required by law. Corporate contributions to federal
elections are prohibited. U.S. law therefore prohibits contributions by the bank to the PAC, although the bank may pay the
PAC’s administrative costs.
Deutsche Bank is a member of a number of trade associations globally. It brings in in-house experts into their relevant
working groups, supports their work on consultation processes and filters back feedback on their positions where Deutsche
Bank considers this relevant or can leverage in-house expertise. The Chief Executive Officer, Christian Sewing, is president
of the Associations of German Banks (Bundesverband deutscher Banken, BdB) and president of the European Banking
Federation since March 2023 (until February 2025). Amongst other, he has highlighted the relevance of the banking sector
to shape the transformation to a digital and sustainable economy and the importance of finalizing the European Capital
Markets Union.

343

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Public policy and regulation

Memberships in important trade associations in 2024
The list of all relevant memberships for interest representation activities at European Union or German level can be found
under Deutsche Bank’s registration with the Transparency and Lobbying Register mentioned above.
A selection

Region

Association of German Banks (Bundesverband deutscher Banken - BdB), including regional associations
Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME)
German Structured Securities Association (Bundesverband für strukturierte Wertpapiere – BSW)
Association of German Pfandbrief Banks (Verband deutscher Pfandbriefbanken - VdP)
UK Finance
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc (ISDA)
Institute of International Bankers (IIB)
Council on Foreign Relations, Inc (CFR)
Trade Association for the Emerging Markets (EMTA)
American Bankers Association (ABA)
National Automated Clearing House Association (NACH)
Structured Finance Industry Group
National Council of Real Estate
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)
Investment Company Institute (ICI)
Institute of International Finance (IIF)
Asia Securities Industry & Financial Markets Association (ASIFMA)
International Bankers Association (IBA)
Japan Securities Dealers Association (JSDA)

EU
EU
EU
EU
UK
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
USA
APAC
APAC
APAC

Before new public policy developments and concrete text proposals of new legislative initiatives are final, they go through
different phases of public policy discussions to take into account and balance the interests of various stakeholder groups.
Deutsche Bank’s influence on regulation is thus considered as medium. Also, the impacts of the changes new regulations
imply will only materialize over time. The bank therefore does not link concrete metrics or targets to its advocacy. The only
overarching objective of all the bank’s engagement is to ensure that this fits within the mission statement (see above) of
the Government & Public Affairs team and serves the objectives of the Global Hausbank.

344

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Data protection

Data protection
In most countries Deutsche Bank conducts business there is a data protection (also referenced as “data privacy”) law. These
are derived from the privacy related statements in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, the UN Universal Declaration of
Human Rights or the European Convention on Human Rights. Further details on Human Rights in general can be found in
the corresponding chapter of this Sustainability Statement. Deutsche Bank recognizes that data protection is an important
social value as clients, employees and other stakeholders expect that the personal data they entrusted to the bank is
treated with the highest care. The bank is therefore committed to protecting personal data, complying with the General
Data Protection Regulation and similar laws, and meeting the related demands of clients, employees, business partners,
and regulators.

Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Group Data Privacy is a specialized, independent risk control function for data protection at Deutsche Bank. As a Second
Line of Defense function, Group Data Privacy defines data protection principles and sets consistent policy requirements
and minimum control standards to comply with applicable data protection laws and regulations. Group Data Privacy is
supported by local Data Protection Officers in the countries where Deutsche Bank conducts business and the Chief Data
Privacy Officer has a direct functional reporting line to the Chief Legal Officer who is a member of the Management Board.
Group Data Privacy employees are regular participants in business and infrastructure forums in which new initiatives that
may involve the processing of personal data are discussed. Group Data Privacy also advises the bank’s workers councils in
relation to the processing of employee personal data.
In addition, Group Data Privacy closely collaborates with the Technology, Data and Innovation function and the
Information Security function (Chief Security Office) to implement specific data protection principles, e.g., aiming to
ensure the security of personal data via encryption of emails according to their classification or access rights controls.
Details on information security can be found in the corresponding chapter of this Sustainability Statement.

Strategy
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Data Protection is an integral part of Deutsche Bank’s culture and conduct. Business and infrastructure units comply with
applicable data protection laws in achieving their objectives (including Artificial Intelligence initiatives). This is ensured by
defining and continually enhancing internal data protection policy requirements and the related controls framework.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank launched a framework document comprising the key data protection principles as group-wide
standards. The global data protection policy has been revised to further strengthen data protection responsibilities for
employees and specific roles in the organization. The policy is planned to be further updated in 2025 to consolidate
existing and include new country-specific particularities.
Group Data Privacy is the subject matter expert function for the interpretation and application of data protection laws and
regulations at Deutsche Bank. It monitors and assesses regulatory developments in data protection on an ongoing basis.
Its aim is to provide a current set of requirements according to which data protection should be carried out by the bank
and to implement controls to demonstrate the organization conducts business in compliance with data protection laws
and regulations.
As an internal partner, Group Data Privacy advises on and monitors the lawful collection, processing, and use of personal
data by the bank’s business and infrastructure units including where they engage third parties who process personal data
on behalf of Deutsche Bank. Another key factor in ensuring adequate data protection in all operating processes are
employee training and regular awareness campaigns which are kept up to date, as required.
Furthermore, Group Data Privacy engages in the further development of data protection case law and in the review of
supervisory authority guidance documents. As a member of different industry groups, notably the Association of German
Banks and the European Banking Federation, Deutsche Bank represented by Group Data Privacy employees, actively
shares best practice, aligns standards, for example standard privacy notice templates or terms and conditions, and
discusses data protection related regulatory issues with other financial institutions. This helps to ensure that the bank’s
data protection requirements and practices for processing personal data reflect current industry best practices and keep
pace with the evolving regulatory environment.

345

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Data protection

Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS 2 IRO-1, ESRS 2 IRO-2, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, ESRS S1, ESRS S4, GRI 404-2/FS 4,
GRI 418-1
Data protection is a material topic for Deutsche Bank as risks resulting from a non-compliance with data protection laws
and regulations and personal data breaches could lead to potential negative impacts like reputational damage, legal
action, operational costs and loss of trust for its own operations in the short and medium term. Personal data breaches
could have negative impacts for affected individuals such as identity theft, financial loss, damage in credit score, and
emotional distress in the short term.
Group Data Privacy defines data protection principles and sets consistent policy requirements and minimum control
standards to comply with applicable data protection laws and regulations and to ensure a proper assessment and handling
of potential personal data breaches.
The minimum standards of conduct for all employees are provided in Deutsche Bank’s Code of Conduct. Failure to comply
with the Code or breaches of the requirements within the global data protection policy may result in disciplinary action,
up to termination of employment.
In 2024, Group Data Privacy has continued the review and enhancement of the bank’s data protection policy framework
and governance. The key data protection principles and how Deutsche Bank complies with these have been published in
an overarching framework document. It refers to the existing bank’s policies that address these key principles, for example
to the information security policy approved by the Chief Security Officer which defines requirements to preserve the
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets in general. The global data protection policy has been
revised to further specify data protection requirements for all employees and particular roles in the organization. These
documents have been approved by the Chief Data Privacy Officer and published on the internal policy portal which is
accessible to all employees. The policy is reviewed on an annual basis and is planned to be further updated in 2025 to
consolidate any country-specific particularities in its annex which are currently captured in separate local procedures.
The policy sets out Deutsche Bank’s group-wide and globally applicable minimum requirements for data protection and
privacy:
– Requirements for all employees on the usage of personal data and the escalation of potential personal data breaches
– Specific requirements for employees managing supplier (also referenced as “vendor”) engagements, for example that a
contract must contain appropriate data protection provisions in case personal data is processed by a supplier
Further, it provides requirements for business and infrastructure unit heads to ensure
– Group Data Privacy is notified of any new activities that involve the processing of personal data,
– requests from individuals concerning their rights granted by applicable data protection laws or regulations are
identified and promptly dealt with, for example access rights requests or requests to have their data transferred to other
service providers,
– consent from an individual is obtained in a lawful manner, for example via opt-in, and
– individuals are informed about what is happening with their personal data via a privacy notice
Where legally required, these notices are directly provided to Deutsche Bank clients and employees by business and
infrastructure units or made available on their respective public websites including the website specific privacy notices.
The Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private Bank for private clients and high net worth individuals and Asset
Management publish privacy notices for clients. Employees are provided with privacy notices as required, for example via
the Deutsche Bank career portal. These notices provide an overview of how Deutsche Bank processes personal data, to
which third parties (including suppliers) data might be transferred to and the rights of individuals whose personal data is
being processed, under data protection law. Suppliers who process personal data on behalf of Deutsche Bank are
contractually obligated to process personal data only based on the instructions provided by the bank and to comply with
applicable data protection requirements. If the bank receives data protection related requests, for example access right
or rectification requests, or complaints from individuals, Group Data Privacy is involved on an individual basis and consults
with relevant internal stakeholders and the affected individuals, as required.

346

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Data protection

Based on Deutsche Bank’s Group-wide Non-Financial Risk Management framework, Group Data Privacy as Second Line of
Defense Risk Control Function has established minimum control standards which the business and infrastructure units
must adhere to for mitigating data protection risk. These standards have been updated in 2024 in line with the revised
policy. A key minimum control standard requires the business and infrastructure units to notify Group Data Privacy of new
activities that involve processing of personal data in the bank, for example when processing personal data using artificial
intelligence. Group Data Privacy assesses the permissibility with the objective that personal data is only processed for
specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and further applicable data protection requirements are met. To achieve this,
Group Data Privacy employees are regular participants in business and infrastructure forums in which new initiatives that
may involve the processing of personal data are discussed. Controls preventing data protection risk are integrated in
Group-wide governance processes like new product approval or third-party (vendor) risk management as appropriate. The
effectiveness of these controls is reviewed according to a standard assurance process governed by the Non-Financial Risk
Management function.
In 2024, the coverage of the Group-wide third-party (vendor) risk management process was extended to services which
were not in scope of this governance process before. This will ensure the services are subject to the same data protection
standards embedded in this governance process. Any deviations to the standards will be escalated to Group Data Privacy
and mitigating measures agreed, as required.
Monitoring and testing the effectiveness of Deutsche Bank’s implementation of applicable data protection requirements
was continued by Group Data Privacy as part of its Second Line of Defense responsibilities and no major deficiencies were
identified. The results were considered by Group Data Privacy in the bank’s Group-wide annual risk and control assessment
to review and challenge the business and infrastructure units’ own assessment of their data protection risk exposure and
control effectiveness.
Group Data Privacy continuously monitors emerging data protection laws and regulations and shares information about
them with the local Data Protection Officers to assess their relevance and potential consequences for the bank and, if
necessary, adjusts the policy framework as well as the minimum control standards. If a need for changes to processes and
products is identified, implementation actions are agreed with the business and infrastructure units.
In 2024, Switzerland confirmed that the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework is an adequate mechanism which allows Swiss
organizations to transfer personal data to U.S. organizations certified to the framework. Furthermore, amendments to the
Turkish Personal Data Protection Law entered into force on June 1, 2024, and additional U.S. state privacy laws have been
adopted. Group Data Privacy continues to closely monitor the further development of the British Data Protection and
Digital Information Bill as well as several EU legislation as part of the EU´s strategy on digitalization and cybersecurity and
the interplay with data protection, for example the ePrivacy Regulation.
Employee training on the implications of data protection/privacy laws for the bank’s day-to-day business is a key factor in
ensuring adequate data protection in all operating processes. Deutsche Bank requires mandatory data protection training
for all employees including eligible contractor staff. The bank continually assesses its data protection training offering to
strengthen the data protection culture and updates the training as necessary. In 2024, Group Data Privacy launched an
enhanced mandatory global data protection eLearning adapting to new laws and regulations and addressing emerging
data protection risks given the growing usage of AI technologies. The training encompasses the content of the data
protection and privacy policy, the key compliance requirements with applicable legal rules for handling personal data and
what steps must be taken in the event of a personal data breach. Depending on the employees’ country, this training also
provides tailored modules with relevant use cases and test questions to pass. For Deutsche Bank employees, failure to
complete this training and late completion can result in disciplinary consequences. In 2024, an eLearning completion rate
of 99.29% was achieved for the mandatory data protection training compared to 99.96% in 2023.
To reinforce the key data protection messages and a corresponding culture, awareness of employees on data protection
is fostered by internal online as well as in person events and through internal platforms. For example, in 2024 Group Data
Privacy organized several country- and business-specific trainings, issued monthly newsletters on new data protection and
privacy laws and regulations and cooperated with the Chief Security Office on training initiatives.
These measures reflect a global effort to raise more awareness amongst employees on the importance of data protection
and privacy, on handling of personal data, where to get support for data protection matters in the bank, what are
individual’s rights, best practices for organizations to protect personal data, principles and trends in data protection and
privacy, navigating the landscape of corresponding laws and regulations, what can be the consequences of poor data
protection practices as well as on the importance of building trust and maintaining brand reputation in today’s data driven
business landscape.

347

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Governance information
Information security

Group Data Privacy monitors and assesses potential personal data breaches on an ongoing basis. If a personal data breach
of material impact to individuals occurs, it is disclosed in this report.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank did not observe any personal data breaches of material impact to individuals. The bank’s reporting
processes and pathways from the business and infrastructure units to Group Data Privacy aim to ensure that potential
personal data breaches can be assessed and handled in a timely manner. They are described in a global data protection
guidance document. Should a personal data breach occur, Deutsche Bank as part of its global security incident
management process takes coordinated follow-up actions. Group Data Privacy as a stakeholder in this process advises on
the necessary regulatory actions and, if required, informs the affected individuals and notifies the relevant data protection
authorities.

Information security
ESRS 2 GOV-2, ESRS 2 SBM-3, ESRS 2 MDR-P, ESRS 2 MDR-A, GRI 404 2a
For information on information security at Deutsche Bank, please refer to the respective chapter in Deutsche Bank’s Annual
Report, located within the Risk Report section under Risk and Capital Management. This section provides a comprehensive
insight into Deutsche Bank’s approach to information security, detailing the bank's continuous efforts to protect data and
services robustly, including its security governance structure, security strategy, and security risk management.

348

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Independent auditor’s limited assurance report on the group sustainability statement

Additional information
Independent auditor’s limited assurance report on the group
sustainability statement
To Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main

Assurance conclusion
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the group sustainability statement of Deutsche Bank
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main (hereafter “Deutsche Bank“) for the fiscal year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December
2024 included in the Combined Management Report section of Deutsche Bank’s Annual Report. The group sustainability
statement was prepared to comply with the requirements of Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of
the Council of 14 December 2022 (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, CSRD) and Art. 8 of Regulation (EU)
2020/852 as well as Secs. 289b to 289e and Secs. 315b and 315c HGB [“Handelsgesetzbuch”: German Commercial Code]
for group sustainability statement which is combined with the parent company’s sustainability statement.
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that
causes us to believe that the accompanying group sustainability statement is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with the requirements of the CSRD and Art. 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as well as Secs. 289b to 289e and
Secs. 315b and 315c HGB for group sustainability statement which are combined with the parent company’s sustainability
statement and the elaborative criteria presented by the Company’s executive directors. This assurance conclusion also
means that nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe
– that the accompanying group sustainability statement does not comply, in all material respects, with European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), including that the process carried out by the Company to identify
information to be reported in the group sustainability statement (materiality assessment) is not consistent, in all material
respects, with the description provided in the Double materiality statement section of the group sustainability
statement, and
– that the disclosures identified by Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 in the group
sustainability statement do not comply, in all material respects, with Art. 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.

Basis for the conclusion
We conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE)
3000 (Revised): Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).
The procedures in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a
reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is
substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been
performed.
Our responsibilities under ISAE 3000 (Revised) are further described in the “Responsibilities of the auditor for the assurance
work on the group sustainability statement” section.
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the requirements of European law and German commercial and
professional law, and we have fulfilled our other German professional responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. Our firm applies IDW Standard on Quality Management 1: Requirements for Quality Management in the
Audit Firm (IDW QMS 1 (09.2022)) issued by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany]
(IDW) and International Standard on Quality Management (ISQM) 1 issued by the IAASB. We believe that the evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.

349

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Independent auditor’s limited assurance report on the group sustainability statement

Responsibilities of the executive directors and the Supervisory Board for the group
sustainability statement
The executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the group sustainability statement in accordance with the
requirements of the CSRD and the relevant German legal and other European requirements and with the elaborative
criteria presented by the Company’s executive directors, and for designing, implementing and maintaining such internal
control as the executive directors consider necessary to enable the preparation of a group sustainability statement, in
accordance with these requirements, that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent group
sustainability statement) or error.
These responsibilities of the executive directors include the implementation and maintenance of the materiality
assessment process, the selection and application of appropriate methods to prepare the group sustainability statement
as well as making assumptions and estimates about and determining forward-looking information on individual
sustainability-related disclosures.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process for the preparation of the group sustainability statement.

Inherent limitations in preparing the group sustainability statement
The CSRD and the relevant German legal and other European requirements contain wording and terms that are subject to
considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which no comprehensive authoritative interpretations have been
published to date. As such wording and terms may be interpreted differently by regulators or courts, the legal conformity
of any measurement or evaluation of sustainability matters made on the basis of these interpretations is uncertain.
These inherent limitations also apply to the assurance work on the group sustainability statement.

Responsibilities of the auditor for the assurance work on the group sustainability statement
Our objectives are to express a limited assurance conclusion, based on our assurance engagement, about whether any
matters have come to our attention that cause us to believe that the group sustainability statement is not prepared, in all
material respects, in accordance with the CSRD, the relevant German legal and other European requirements and the
elaborative criteria presented by the Company’s executive directors, and to issue an assurance report that includes our
conclusion on the group sustainability statement.
As part of a limited assurance engagement in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised), we exercise professional judgment
and maintain professional skepticism. We also:
– Obtain an understanding of the process to prepare the group sustainability statement, including the materiality
assessment process carried out by the Company to identify the information to be reported in the group sustainability
statement.
– Identify disclosures that are likely to be materially misstated due to fraud or error, design and perform procedures to
address such disclosures and obtain limited assurance to support our conclusion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from error,
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Furthermore, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement in information from the value chain originating from
sources outside of the Company’s control (information from the value chain) is usually higher than the risk of not
detecting a material misstatement in information originating from sources within the Company’s control, as both the
Company’s executive directors and we as auditors usually have limited direct access to the sources of information from
the value chain.
– Evaluate the forward-looking information, including the reasonableness of the underlying assumptions. There is a
substantial unavoidable risk that future events will differ materially from the forward-looking information.

Summary of the work performed by the auditor
A limited assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about the sustainability information.
The nature, timing and extent of the procedures selected depend on our professional judgment.
In conducting our limited assurance engagement, we:
– Evaluated the overall suitability of the criteria presented by the executive directors in the group sustainability
statement.

350

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Independent auditor’s limited assurance report on the group sustainability statement

– Made inquiries of the executive directors and relevant employees involved in the preparation of the group sustainability
statement about the preparation process, including the materiality assessment process carried out by the Company to
identify the information to be reported in the group sustainability statement, and about the internal controls over this
process.
– Evaluated the methods used by the executive directors to prepare the group sustainability statement.
– Evaluated the reasonableness of the estimates made by the executive directors and related explanations. If the
executive directors estimate the value chain information to be reported in accordance with ESRS when they are unable
to obtain such information from the value chain after making reasonable efforts to do so, our assurance engagement is
limited to evaluating whether the executive directors made such estimates in accordance with ESRS and evaluating the
reasonableness of such estimates and does not extend to determining value chain information that the executive
directors were unable to obtain.
– Performed analytical procedures and inquiries regarding selected items of information in the group sustainability
statement.
– Assessed the presentation of the information in the group sustainability statement.
– Assessed the process to identify taxonomy-eligible and taxonomy-aligned economic activities and the related
disclosures in the group sustainability statement.

Restriction of use
We draw attention to the fact that the assurance engagement was conducted for the Company’s purposes and that the
assurance report is intended solely to inform the Company about the result of the assurance engagement. As a result, it
may not be suitable for another purpose than the aforementioned. Accordingly, the assurance report is not intended to be
used by third parties for making (financial) decisions based on it. Our responsibility is to the Company alone. We do not
accept any responsibility to third parties. Our assurance conclusion is not modified in this respect.

General Engagement Terms and Liability
The “General Engagement Terms for Wirtschaftsprüferinnen, Wirtschaftsprüfer and Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaften
[German Public Auditors and Public Audit Firms]” dated 1 January 2024, which are attached to this report, are applicable
to this engagement and also govern our relations with third parties in the context of this engagement (ey-idw-aab-en2024.pdf).
In addition, please refer to the liability provisions contained therein no. 9 and to the exclusion of liability towards third
parties. We accept no responsibility, liability or other obligations towards third parties unless we have concluded a written
agreement to the contrary with the respective third party or liability cannot effectively be precluded.
We make express reference to the fact that we will not update the assurance report to reflect events or circumstances
arising after it was issued, unless required to do so by law. It is the sole responsibility of anyone taking note of the
summarized result of our work contained in this report to decide whether and in what way this result is useful or suitable
for their purposes and to supplement, verify or update it by means of their own review procedures.
Eschborn/Frankfurt am Main, March 10, 2025
EY Gmbh Co. & KG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Lösken

Hoffmann

Wirtschaftsprüfer

Wirtschaftsprüfer

(German Public Auditor)

(German Public Auditor)

351

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

List of Disclosure Requirements complied with
Deutsche Bank’s Sustainability Statement provides a comprehensive disclosure of the material topics for its sustainability
performance. Disclosures included in this statement were selected based on a double materiality analysis conducted in
2024 as described in chapter ‘Management Report – Sustainability Statement – Double materiality assessment’ of this
report. The Sustainability Statement complies with all ESRS disclosure requirements listed in this ESRS content index.
Standards and
disclosure
requirements

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

ESRS 1 related to General requirements related
ESRS 2 GOV-1
to The role of the
administrative, management
and supervisory bodies
ESRS 1.7
Preparation and presentation
of sustainability information
ESRS 2
General disclosures
ESRS 2 BP-1
General basis for preparation
of sustainability statements
ESRS 2 BP-2
Disclosures in relation to
specific circumstances
ESRS 2 GOV-1
The role of the administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies

Governance – Corporate Governance

page

194

Basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement – Events after the reporting period 193
Client centricity
313
Basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement – General basis for preparation of 192
the Sustainability Statement
Basis for preparation of the Sustainability Statement – Disclosures in relation to specific 193
circumstances
Governance – Sustainability Governance
194

Governance – Corporate Governance

194

Governance – Sustainability Governance

194

Supply chain management – Governance

247

Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management –
Governance

250

Own workforce – Governance

286

Client centricity – Governance

313

Anti-financial crime – Governance

330

Anti-competitive behavior – Governance

335

352

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS 2 GOV-2

ESRS 2 GOV-2

ESRS 2 GOV-2

ESRS 2 GOV-2

ESRS 2 GOV-3

ESRS 2 GOV-4
ESRS 2 GOV-5

ESRS 2 IRO-1

ESRS 2 IRO-1

ESRS 2 IRO-1

ESRS 2 IRO-2

ESRS 2 IRO-2

ESRS 2 IRO-2

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Information provided to and
Tax – Governance
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
Information provided to and
Public policy and regulation – Governance
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
Information provided to and
Data protection – Governance
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
Information provided to and
Information security
sustainability matters
addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
Integration of sustainability- Climate change – Client portfolios – Governance
related performance in
incentive schemes
Statement on due diligence
ESG due diligence
Risk management and internal Governance – Sustainability Governance – Internal Controls over Sustainability
controls over sustainability
Reporting
reporting
Description of the processes Double materiality assessment – Description of the process to identify and assess
to identify and assess material material impacts, risks and opportunities
impacts, risks and
opportunities
Description of the processes Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
to identify and assess material
impacts, risks and
opportunities
Description of the processes Climate change – Client portfolios – Impact, risk and opportunity management –
to identify and assess material Process to identify and assess climate-related risks: materiality assessment
impacts, risks and
opportunities
Disclosure requirements in
Double materiality assessment – Description of the process to identify and assess
ESRS covered by the
material impacts, risks and opportunities
undertaking’s sustainability
statement
Disclosure requirements in
Tax – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS covered by the
undertaking’s sustainability
statement
Disclosure requirements in
Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
ESRS covered by the
undertaking’s sustainability
statement
Actions and resources in
Sustainable finance – Corporate Bank – Overview
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Fixed Income and Currencies – Overview
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Origination and Advisory – Overview
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
Sustainable finance – Private Bank – Overview
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
Sustainable finance – Asset Management – Overview
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
Sustainable finance – Corporate & Other – Overview
relation to material
sustainability matters

page

338

340

345

348

258

238
199

201

346

262

201

338

346

226

228

230

232

234

237

353

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-A

ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Actions and resources in
relation to material
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material
sustainability matters

page

Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management

248

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
concerns – Employee feedback culture
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion

291

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Ethnic and racial diversity

310

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Client satisfaction

317

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Complaint management

319

Culture, integrity and conduct – Impact, risk and opportunity management

326

Anti-competitive behavior – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and
targets

335

Tax – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

338

Public policy and regulation – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and
targets

342

Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

346

Information security

348

Anti-financial crime – Impact, risk and opportunity management

331

Sustainable finance – Training and awareness

223

ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Impact, risk and
opportunity management

243

306

Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management – Impact, 250
risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets
Climate change – Client portfolios – Impact, risk and opportunity management –
Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies

266

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

287

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

289

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Workforce management

292

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Working conditions

299

Sustainable finance

219

Sustainable finance – Corporate Bank – Overview

226

Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Fixed Income and Currencies – Overview

228

Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Origination and Advisory – Overview

230

Sustainable finance – Private Bank – Overview

232

354

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

page

Metrics in relation to material Sustainable finance – Asset Management – Overview
234
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material Sustainable finance – Corporate & Other – Overview
237
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material Supply chain management – Metrics and targets
249
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material Climate change – Client portfolios in Asset Management – Metrics and targets
284
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
317
sustainability matters
Client satisfaction
Metrics in relation to material Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
319
sustainability matters
Complaint management
Metrics in relation to material Anti-financial crime – Metrics and targets
334
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Transactional reviews
246
sustainability matters
Metrics in relation to material Culture, integrity and conduct – Metrics and targets
329
sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance
219
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Corporate Bank – Overview
226
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Fixed Income and Currencies – Overview
228
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Origination and Advisory – Overview
230
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Private Bank – Overview
232
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Asset Management – Overview
234
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Corporate & Other – Overview
237
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management
248
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management – Impact, 250
material sustainability matters risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
292
material sustainability matters Workforce management
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
299
material sustainability matters Working conditions
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
306
material sustainability matters Diversity, equity and inclusion
Policies adopted to manage
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
317
material sustainability matters Client satisfaction
Policies adopted to manage
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
319
material sustainability matters Complaint management
Policies adopted to manage
Culture, integrity and conduct – Impact, risk and opportunity management
326
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Anti-financial crime – Impact, risk and opportunity management
331
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Tax – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
338
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Public policy and regulation – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and 342
material sustainability matters targets
Policies adopted to manage
Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
346
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Information security
348
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence
239
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Governance –
239
material sustainability matters Reputational risk framework
Policies adopted to manage
ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Environmental and social 240
material sustainability matters due diligence requirements
Policies adopted to manage
ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Training and awareness 245
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
288
material sustainability matters
Policies adopted to manage
Anti-financial crime – Impact, risk and opportunity management – Financial crime risk 332
material sustainability matters management framework
Policies adopted to manage
Sustainable finance – Governance
220
material sustainability matters

355

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P

ESRS 2 MDR-P

ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 MDR-T

ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Policies adopted to manage
ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Impact, risk and
material sustainability matters opportunity management – Equator principles
Policies adopted to manage
Climate change – Client portfolios – Impact, risk and opportunity management –
material sustainability matters Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
concerns
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Workforce management – Characteristics of non-employees in Deutsche Bank’s own
workforce
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Workforce management – Hiring and turnover
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Working conditions – Performance and reward
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Working conditions – Work-life balance
Policies adopted to manage
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Diversity, equity and inclusion – Incidents and complaints
Policies adopted to manage
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material sustainability matters Product responsibility
Policies adopted to manage
Anti-competitive behavior – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and
material sustainability matters targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Sustainable finance
policies and actions through
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Sustainable finance – Progress toward target
policies and actions through
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Origination and Advisory – Overview
policies and actions through
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Sustainable finance – Asset Management – Overview
policies and actions through
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Supply chain management – Metrics and targets
policies and actions through
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Climate change – Client portfolios – Metrics and targets – Targets related to climate
policies and actions through change mitigation
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Climate change – Client portfolios in Asset Management – Metrics and targets
policies and actions through
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
policies and actions through Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
targets
concerns – Employee feedback culture
Tracking effectiveness of
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
policies and actions through Diversity, equity and inclusion
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
policies and actions through Diversity, equity and inclusion – Gender diversity
targets
Tracking effectiveness of
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
policies and actions through Diversity, equity and inclusion – Ethnic and racial diversity
targets
Strategy, business model and Sustainable finance
value chain
Strategy, business model and Own workforce – Strategy
value chain
Strategy, business model and Sustainability strategy
value chain
Strategy, business model and Double materiality assessment – Description of the process to identify and assess
value chain
material impacts, risks and opportunities
Strategy, business model and Sustainable finance – Corporate Bank – Overview
value chain
Strategy, business model and Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Fixed Income and Currencies – Overview
value chain
Strategy, business model and Sustainable finance – Investment Bank – Origination and Advisory – Overview
value chain
Strategy, business model and Sustainable finance – Private Bank – Overview
value chain

page

244
266
290

296

296
303
305
311
315
335
219

224

230

234

249

270

284

291

306

307

310

219
286
207
201
226
228
230
232

356

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-2
ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Strategy, business model and
value chain
Strategy, business model and
value chain
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Interests and views of
stakeholders
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model

page

Sustainable finance – Asset Management – Overview

234

Sustainable finance – Corporate & Other – Overview

237

Own workforce – Strategy

286

Client centricity – Strategy

314

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership

214

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Clients

214

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Employees

214

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Investors

215

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Policymakers

215

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Media

216

Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Non-governmental organizations

217

Double materiality assessment – Description of the process to identify and assess
material impacts, risks and opportunities

201

Sustainable finance

219

Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management

248

Own workforce – Strategy

286

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

287

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Incidents and complaints

311

Client centricity

313

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Product responsibility – Selling practices and marketing

316

Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

346

Information security

348

Tax – Strategy

338

Data protection – Strategy

345

357

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS 2 SBM-3

ESRS E1

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
Climate change

ESRS E1 related Climate change related to
to ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integration of sustainabilityrelated performance in
incentive schemes
ESRS E1-1
Transition plan for climate
change mitigation
ESRS E1-1
Transition plan for climate
related to ESRS 2 change mitigation related to
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
ESRS E1-1
Transition plan for climate
change mitigation
ESRS E1-2
Policies related to climate
change mitigation and
adaptation
ESRS E1-2
Policies related to climate
change mitigation and
adaptation
ESRS E1-3
Actions and resources in
relation to climate change
policies
ESRS E1-3
Actions and resources in
relation to climate change
policies
ESRS E1-4
Targets related to climate
change mitigation and
adaptation
ESRS E1-4
Targets related to climate
change mitigation and
adaptation
ESRS E1-4
Targets related to climate
change mitigation and
adaptation

page

Supply chain management – Strategy

247

Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management –
Strategy

250

Client centricity – Strategy

314

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets

315

Culture, integrity and conduct – Strategy

325

Anti-financial crime – Strategy

330

Anti-competitive behavior – Strategy

335

Public policy and regulation – Strategy

340

Public policy and regulation – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and
targets

342

ESG due diligence – Environmental and social due diligence – Environmental and social 240
due diligence requirements
Governance – Sustainability Governance – Integration of sustainability-related
198
performance in incentive schemes

Climate change – Client portfolios in Asset Management – Strategy

283

Climate change – Client portfolios – Strategy – Resilience of the bank

260

Climate change – Transition Plan

256

Climate change – Client portfolios – Impact, risk and opportunity management –
Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation

266

Climate change – Client portfolios in Asset Management – Impact, risk and opportunity 283
management
Climate change – Client portfolios – Impact, risk and opportunity management –
Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies

266

Climate change – Client portfolios in Asset Management – Impact, risk and opportunity 283
management
Sustainable finance

219

Sustainable finance – Progress toward target

224

Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management

248

358

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS E1-4

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

ESRS G1-6
ESRS G1-6

Targets related to climate
change mitigation and
adaptation
Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total
GHG emissions
Corporate culture and
business conduct policies and
corporate culture
Corporate culture and
business conduct policies and
corporate culture
Corporate culture and
business conduct policies and
corporate culture
Corporate culture and
business conduct policies and
corporate culture
Corporate culture and
business conduct policies and
corporate culture
Management of relationships
with suppliers
Management of relationships
with suppliers
Prevention and detection of
corruption and bribery
Prevention and detection of
corruption and bribery
Confirmed incidents of
corruption or bribery
Political influence and
lobbying activities
Payment practices
Payment practices

ESRS G1-6
ESRS G1-6
ESRS G1-6

Payment practices
Payment practices
Payment practices

ESRS S1
ESRS S1
ESRS S1-1

Own workforce
Own workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce

ESRS E1-6
ESRS G1-1

ESRS G1-1

ESRS G1-1

ESRS G1-1

ESRS G1-1

ESRS G1-2
ESRS G1-2
ESRS G1-3
ESRS G1-3
ESRS G1-4
ESRS G1-5

ESRS S1-1

ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1

ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-1
ESRS S1-12

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Policies related to own
workforce
Persons with disabilities

Climate change – Client portfolios – Metrics and targets – Targets related to climate
change mitigation

page

270

Climate change – Client portfolios – Metrics and targets – Financed Emissions: Scope 3 276
Category 15
Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management
248

Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management – Impact, 250
risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
concerns
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Incidents and complaints

290

Culture, integrity and conduct – Impact, risk and opportunity management

326

Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management

248

311

Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management – Impact, 250
risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets
Anti-financial crime – Metrics and targets
334
Anti-financial crime – Impact, risk and opportunity management – Prevention and
detection of fraud, corruption, and bribery
Anti-financial crime – Metrics and targets

333
334

Public policy and regulation – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and 342
targets
Supply chain management – Impact, risk and opportunity management
248
Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management – Impact, 250
risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets
Supply chain management – Metrics and targets
249
Supply chain management – Metrics and targets – Payment statistics
250
Supply chain management – Supply chain management – Asset Management – Impact, 251
risks and opportunity management, metrics and targets – Supplier selection and
contracting
Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Employees
214
Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
346
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
288
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
concerns
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Workforce management
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Workforce management – Characteristics of non-employees in Deutsche Bank’s own
workforce
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Workforce management – Hiring and turnover
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Working conditions
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Working conditions – Performance and reward
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Working conditions – Work-life balance
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Gender diversity
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Incidents and complaints
Own workforce – Strategy

290

292
296

296
299
303
305
306
307
311
286

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
289
Processes for engaging with own workforce and workers’ representatives about impacts
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
310
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Persons with disabilities

359

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS S1-13
ESRS S1-13
ESRS S1-15
ESRS S1-16
ESRS S1-16
ESRS S1-17
ESRS S1-2

ESRS S1-3

ESRS S1-3

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-4

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Training and skills
development metrics
Training and skills
development metrics
Work-life balance metrics

page

Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
300
Working conditions – Talent development
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
303
Working conditions – Performance and reward
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
304
Working conditions – Work-life balance
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
304
Working conditions – Performance and reward
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
309
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Gender diversity
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
311
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Incidents and complaints
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
289
Processes for engaging with own workforce and workers’ representatives about impacts

Compensation metrics (pay
gap and total compensation)
Compensation metrics (pay
gap and total compensation)
Incidents, complaints and
severe human rights impacts
Processes for engaging with
own workers and workers’
representatives about impacts
Processes to remediate
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
negative impacts and channels
for own workers to raise
concerns
Processes to remediate
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
negative impacts and channels Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
for own workers to raise
concerns
concerns
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
impacts on own workforce,
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
impacts on own workforce,
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
impacts on own workforce,
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
and approaches to mitigating concerns – Employee feedback culture
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
impacts on own workforce,
Workforce management
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
impacts on own workforce,
Working conditions
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
impacts on own workforce,
Working conditions – Work-life balance
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
impacts on own workforce,
Diversity, equity and inclusion
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions

287

290

287

289

291

292

299

305

306

360

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS S1-4

ESRS S1-5

ESRS S1-5

ESRS S1-5

ESRS S1-5

ESRS S1-6
ESRS S1-6
ESRS S1-7

ESRS S1-8
ESRS S1-9
ESRS S1-9
ESRS S4
ESRS S4
ESRS S4-1
ESRS S4-1
ESRS S4-1
ESRS S4-1
ESRS S4-2

ESRS S4-2

ESRS S4-2

ESRS S4-2

ESRS S4-3

ESRS S4-3

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Taking action on material
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
impacts on own workforce,
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Ethnic and racial diversity
and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related
to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Targets related to managing Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material negative impacts,
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise
advancing positive impacts,
concerns – Employee feedback culture
and managing material risks
and opportunities
Targets related to managing Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material negative impacts,
Diversity, equity and inclusion
advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks
and opportunities
Targets related to managing Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material negative impacts,
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Gender diversity
advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks
and opportunities
Targets related to managing Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
material negative impacts,
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Ethnic and racial diversity
advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks
and opportunities
Characteristics of the
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
undertaking’s employees
Workforce management – Hiring and turnover
Characteristics of the
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
undertaking’s employees
Workforce management – Characteristics of Deutsche Bank’s employees
Characteristics of nonOwn workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
employee workers in the
Workforce management – Characteristics of non-employees in Deutsche Bank’s own
undertaking’s own workforce workforce
Collective bargaining coverage Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
and social dialogue
Working conditions – Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
Diversity metrics
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Gender diversity
Diversity metrics
Own workforce – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Diversity, equity and inclusion – Age diversity
Consumers and end-users
Stakeholder engagement and thought leadership – Clients
Consumers and end-users
Data protection – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets
Policies related to consumers Client centricity
and end-users
Policies related to consumers Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
and end-users
Product responsibility – Selling practices and marketing
Policies related to consumers Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
and end-users
Client satisfaction
Policies related to consumers Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
and end-users
Complaint management
Processes for engaging with
Client centricity
consumers and end-users
about impacts
Processes for engaging with
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
consumers and end-users
Product responsibility – Selling practices and marketing
about impacts
Processes for engaging with
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
consumers and end-users
Client satisfaction
about impacts
Processes for engaging with
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
consumers and end-users
Complaint management
about impacts
Processes to remediate
Client centricity
negative impacts and
channels for consumers and
end-users to raise concerns
Processes to remediate
Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
negative impacts and
Product responsibility – Selling practices and marketing
channels for consumers and
end-users to raise concerns

page

310

291

306

307

310

296
293
296

300
307
309
214
346
313
316
317
319
313

316

317

319

313

316

361

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standards and
disclosure
requirements

ESRS S4-3

ESRS S4-3

ESRS S4-4

ESRS S4-4

ESRS S4-4

ESRS S4-4

Additional information
List of Disclosure Requirements complied with

Disclosure requirement description Sustainability Statement chapter

Processes to remediate
negative impacts and
channels for consumers and
end-users to raise concerns
Processes to remediate
negative impacts and
channels for consumers and
end-users to raise concerns
Taking action on material
impacts on consumers and
end-users, and approaches
to managing material risks
and pursuing material
opportunities related to
consumers and end-users,
and effectiveness of those
actions
Taking action on material
impacts on consumers and
end-users, and approaches
to managing material risks
and pursuing material
opportunities related to
consumers and end-users,
and effectiveness of those
actions
Taking action on material
impacts on consumers and
end-users, and approaches
to managing material risks
and pursuing material
opportunities related to
consumers and end-users,
and effectiveness of those
actions
Taking action on material
impacts on consumers and
end-users, and approaches
to managing material risks
and pursuing material
opportunities related to
consumers and end-users,
and effectiveness of those
actions

page

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Client satisfaction

317

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Complaint management

319

Client centricity

313

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Product responsibility – Selling practices and marketing

316

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Client satisfaction

317

Client centricity – Impact, risk and opportunity management, metrics and targets –
Complaint management

319

362

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Table of all the datapoints deriving from other EU legislation

Table of all the datapoints deriving from other EU legislation
The table below illustrates the datapoints in ESRS 2 and topical ESRS that derive from other EU legislation as required in
ESRS 2 Appendix B.
Disclosure requirement and related
datapoint
SFDR 1 reference 1

Pillar 3 1 reference 2

Benchmark Regulation 3 and
EU Climate Law 4 reference

Sustainability Statement
chapter

ESRS 2 GOV-1 Board's gender
Commission Delegated
diversity paragraph 21 (d)
Indicator number 13 of Table #1
Regulation (EU)
Governance – Corporate
of Annex 1
2020/1816 5 , Annex II
Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Percentage of
board members who are
Delegated Regulation (EU) Governance – Corporate
independent paragraph 21 (e)
2020/1816, Annex II
Governance
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on Indicator number 10 Table #3 of
due diligence paragraph 30
Annex 1
ESG due diligence
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in
Article 449a Regulation
activities related to fossil fuel
(EU) No 575/2013;
activities paragraph 40 (d) i
Commission
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 6 Table 1:
Qualitative information on
Environmental risk and
Indicators number 4 Table #1 of Table 2: Qualitative
Delegated Regulation (EU)
Annex 1
information on Social risk 2020/1816, Annex II
Not applicable
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in
activities related to chemical Indicator number 9 Table #2 of
Delegated Regulation (EU)
production paragraph 40 (d) ii Annex 1
2020/1816, Annex II
Not applicable
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in
Delegated Regulation (EU)
activities related to
2020/1818 7 , Article
controversial
12(1) Delegated
weapons paragraph 40 (d) iii
Indicator number 14 Table #1 of
Regulation (EU)
Annex 1
2020/1816, Annex II
Not applicable
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in
Delegated Regulation (EU)
activities related to cultivation
2020/1818, Article 12(1)
and production of
Delegated Regulation (EU)
tobacco paragraph 40 (d) iv
2020/1816, Annex II
Not applicable
ESRS E1-1 Transition plan to
Sustainability Strategy
reach climate neutrality by
Regulation (EU)
Climate change –
2050 paragraph 14
2021/1119, Article 2(1)
Transition plan
ESRS E1-1 Undertakings
Article 449a Regulation
excluded from Paris-aligned
(EU) No 575/2013;
Benchmarks paragraph 16 (g)
Commission
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 Template
1: Banking book- Climate
Change transition risk:
Credit quality of
exposures by sector,
Delegated Regulation (EU)
emissions and residual
2020/1818, Article12.1 (d)
maturity
to (g), and Article 12.2
Not applicable
ESRS E1-4 GHG emission
Article 449a Regulation
reduction targets paragraph
(EU) No 575/2013;
34
Commission
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 Template
3: Banking book – Climate
Sustainability Strategy
Indicator number 4 Table #2 of
change transition risk:
Delegated Regulation (EU) Climate change –
Annex 1
alignment metrics
2020/1818, Article 6
Transition plan
ESRS E1-5 Energy
consumption from fossil
sources disaggregated by
sources (only high climate
Indicator number 5 Table #1 and
impact sectors) paragraph 38 Indicator n. 5 Table #2 of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E1-5 Energy
consumption and
Indicator number 5 Table #1 of
mix paragraph 37
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E1-5 Energy intensity
associated with activities in
high climate impact
Indicator number 6 Table #1 of
sectors paragraphs 40 to 43
Annex 1
Not material

363

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Disclosure requirement and related
datapoint
SFDR 1 reference 1

Additional information
Table of all the datapoints deriving from other EU legislation

Pillar 3 1 reference 2

Benchmark Regulation 3 and
EU Climate Law 4 reference

Sustainability Statement
chapter

ESRS E1-6 Gross Scope 1, 2, 3
and Total GHG
emissions paragraph 44

Article 449a; Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implementing Regulation
Only scope 3, category 15
(EU) 2022/2453 Template
material, all other not
1: Banking book – Climate
material
change transition risk:
Climate change – Client
Credit quality of
portfolios – Metrics and
exposures by sector,
Delegated Regulation (EU) targets – Financed
Indicators number 1 and 2 Table emissions and residual
2020/1818, Article 5(1), 6 Emissions: Scope 3
#1 of Annex 1
maturity
and 8(1)
Category 15
ESRS E1-6 Gross GHG
Article 449a Regulation
emissions intensity paragraphs
(EU) No 575/2013;
53 to 55
Commission
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 Template
3: Banking book – Climate
Indicators number 3 Table #1 of change transition risk:
Delegated Regulation (EU)
Annex 1
alignment metrics
2020/1818, Article 8(1)
Not material
ESRS E1-7 GHG removals and
Regulation (EU)
carbon credits paragraph 56
2021/1119, Article 2(1)
Not material
ESRS E1-9 Exposure of the
Delegated Regulation (EU)
benchmark portfolio to
2020/1818, Annex II
climate-related physical
Delegated Regulation (EU)
risks paragraph 66
2020/1816, Annex II
Not relevant for 2024
ESRS E1-9 Disaggregation of
Article 449a Regulation
monetary amounts by acute
(EU) No 575/2013;
and chronic physical
Commission
risk paragraph 66 (a) ESRS E1Implementing Regulation
9 Location of significant assets
(EU) 2022/2453
at material physical
paragraphs 46 and 47;
risk paragraph 66 (c).
Template 5: Banking book
- Climate change physical
risk: Exposures subject to
physical risk.
Not relevant for 2024
ESRS E1-9 Breakdown of the
Article 449a Regulation
carrying value of its real estate
(EU) No 575/2013;
assets by energy-efficiency
Commission
classes paragraph 67 (c).
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453
paragraph 34;Template
2:Banking book -Climate
change transition risk:
Loans collateralized by
immovable property Energy efficiency of the
collateral
Not relevant for 2024
ESRS E1-9 Degree of exposure
of the portfolio to climaterelated
Delegated Regulation (EU)
opportunities paragraph 69
2020/1818, Annex II
Sustainable Finance
ESRS E2-4 Amount of each
pollutant listed in Annex II of Indicator number 8 Table #1 of
the E- PRTR Regulation
Annex 1 Indicator number 2
(European Pollutant Release Table #2 of Annex 1 Indicator
and Transfer Register) emitted number 1 Table #2 of Annex 1
to air, water and
Indicator number 3 Table #2 of
soil, paragraph 28
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-1 Water and marine Indicator number 7 Table #2 of
resources paragraph 9
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-1 Dedicated
Indicator number 8 Table 2 of
policy paragraph 13
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-1 Sustainable oceans Indicator number 12 Table #2 of
and seas paragraph 14
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-4 Total water
recycled and reused paragraph Indicator number 6.2 Table #2 of
28 (c)
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-4 Total water
consumption in m3 per net
revenue on own
Indicator number 6.1 Table #2 of
operations paragraph 29
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS 2 - SBM 3 - E4 paragraph Indicator number 7 Table #1 of
16 (a) i
Annex 1
Not material

364

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Table of all the datapoints deriving from other EU legislation

Disclosure requirement and related
datapoint
SFDR 1 reference 1

ESRS 2 - SBM 3 - E4 paragraph Indicator number 10 Table #2 of
16 (b)
Annex 1
ESRS 2 - SBM 3 - E4 paragraph Indicator number 14 Table #2 of
16 (c)
Annex 1
ESRS E4-2 Sustainable
land/agriculture practices or Indicator number 11 Table #2 of
policies paragraph 24 (b)
Annex 1
ESRS E4-2 Sustainable
oceans/seas practices or
Indicator number 12 Table #2 of
policies paragraph 24 (c)
Annex 1
ESRS E4-2 Policies to address Indicator number 15 Table #2 of
deforestation paragraph 24 (d) Annex 1
ESRS E5-5 Non-recycled
Indicator number 13 Table #2 of
waste paragraph 37 (d)
Annex 1
ESRS E5-5 Hazardous waste
and radioactive
Indicator number 9 Table #1 of
waste paragraph 39
Annex 1
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of
incidents of forced
Indicator number 13 Table #3 of
labor paragraph 14 (f)
Annex I
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of
incidents of child
Indicator number 12 Table #3 of
labor paragraph 14 (g)
Annex I
ESRS S1-1 Human rights
policy
commitments paragraph 20

Indicator number 9 Table #3 and
Indicator number 11 Table #1 of
Annex I
ESRS S1-1 Due diligence
policies on issues addressed by
the fundamental International
Labor Organisation
Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph
21

ESRS S1-1 processes and
measures for preventing
trafficking in human
beings paragraph 22

Indicator number 11 Table #3 of
Annex I
ESRS S1-1 workplace accident
prevention policy or
management
system paragraph 23

Indicator number 1 Table #3 of
Annex I

ESRS S13 grievance/complaints
handling
mechanisms paragraph 32 (c)

Indicator number 5 Table #3 of
Annex I
ESRS S1-14 Number of
fatalities and number and rate
of work-related
accidents paragraph 88 (b) and Indicator number 2 Table #3 of
(c)
Annex I
ESRS S1-14 Number of days
lost to injuries, accidents,
fatalities or illness paragraph Indicator number 3 Table #3 of
88 (e)
Annex I

Pillar 3 1 reference 2

Benchmark Regulation 3 and
EU Climate Law 4 reference

Sustainability Statement
chapter

Not material
Not material

Not material

Not material
Not material
Not material

Not material

Not material

Not material
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Processes to
remediate negative
impacts and channels for
own workforce to raise
concerns
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Processes to
remediate negative
impacts and channels for
Delegated Regulation (EU) own workforce to raise
2020/1816, Annex II
concerns
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Processes to
remediate negative
impacts and channels for
own workforce to raise
concerns
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Working
conditions – Work-life
balance
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Processes to
remediate negative
impacts and channels for
own workforce to raise
concerns

Delegated Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material

Not material

365

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Table of all the datapoints deriving from other EU legislation

Disclosure requirement and related
datapoint
SFDR 1 reference 1

ESRS S1-16 Unadjusted
gender pay gap paragraph 97
(a)
Indicator number 12 Table #1 of
Annex I
ESRS S1-16 Excessive CEO
pay ratio paragraph 97 (b)

Indicator number 8 Table #3 of
Annex I
ESRS S1-17 Incidents of
discrimination paragraph 103
(a)

Indicator number 7 Table #3 of
Annex I
ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of
UNGPs on Business and
Human Rights and OECD
Guidelines paragraph 104 (a)
Indicator number 10 Table #1
and Indicator n. 14 Table #3 of
Annex I
ESRS 2- SBM3 – S2 Significant
risk of child labor or forced
labor in the value
Indicators number 12 and n. 13
chain paragraph 11 (b)
Table #3 of Annex I
ESRS S2-1 Human rights
Indicator number 9 Table #3 and
policy
Indicator n. 11 Table #1 of Annex
commitments paragraph 17
1
ESRS S2-1 Policies related to
value chain workers paragraph Indicator number 11 and n. 4
18
Table #3 of Annex 1
ESRS S2-1 Non- respect of
UNGPs on Business and
Human Rights principles and Indicator number 10 Table #1 of
OECD guidelines paragraph 19 Annex 1
ESRS S2-1 Due diligence
policies on issues addressed by
the fundamental International
Labor Organisation
Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph
19
ESRS S2-4 Human rights
issues and incidents
connected to its upstream and
downstream value
Indicator number 14 Table #3 of
chain paragraph 36
Annex 1
ESRS S3-1 Human rights
Indicator number 9 Table #3 of
policy
Annex 1 and Indicator number 11
commitments paragraph 16
Table #1 of Annex 1
ESRS S3-1 non-respect of
UNGPs on Business and
Human Rights, ILO principles
or OECD guidelines paragraph Indicator number 10 Table #1
17
Annex 1
ESRS S3-4 Human rights
issues and incidents paragraph Indicator number 14 Table #3 of
36
Annex 1
ESRS S4-1 Policies related to
consumers and endusers paragraph 16

Indicator number 9 Table #3 and
Indicator number 11 Table #1 of
Annex 1

Pillar 3 1 reference 2

Benchmark Regulation 3 and
EU Climate Law 4 reference

Sustainability Statement
chapter

Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Diversity, equity
Delegated Regulation (EU) and inclusion – Gender
2020/1816, Annex II
diversity
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Diversity, equity
and inclusion – Gender
diversity
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Processes to
remediate negative
impacts and channels for
own workforce to raise
concerns
Own workforce – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Processes to
Delegated Regulation (EU) remediate negative
2020/1816, Annex II
impacts and channels for
Delegated Regulation (EU) own workforce to raise
2020/1818 Art 12 (1)
concerns

Not material

Not material

Not material
Delegated Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated Regulation (EU)
2020/1818, Art 12 (1)
Not material

Delegated Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material

Not material

Not material
Delegated Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated Regulation (EU)
2020/1818, Art 12 (1)
Not material

Not material
Client centricity – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Product
responsibility
Client centricity – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Complaint
management

366

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional information
Table of all the datapoints deriving from other EU legislation

Disclosure requirement and related
datapoint
SFDR 1 reference 1

ESRS S4-1 Non-respect of
UNGPs on Business and
Human Rights and OECD
guidelines paragraph 17

Indicator number 10 Table #1 of
Annex 1
ESRS S4-4 Human rights
issues and incidents paragraph
35

Indicator number 14 Table #3 of
Annex 1
ESRS G1-1 United Nations
Convention against
Indicator number 15 Table #3 of
Corruption paragraph 10 (b)
Annex 1
ESRS G1-1 Protection of
whistle- blowers paragraph 10 Indicator number 6 Table #3 of
(d)
Annex 1
ESRS G1-4 Fines for violation
of anti-corruption and antiIndicator number 17 Table #3 of
bribery laws paragraph 24 (a) Annex 1
ESRS G1-4 Standards of anticorruption and antiIndicator number 16 Table #3 of
bribery paragraph 24 (b)
Annex 1

Pillar 3 1 reference 2

Benchmark Regulation 3 and
EU Climate Law 4 reference

Sustainability Statement
chapter

Client centricity – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Client
satisfaction
Client centricity – Impact,
Delegated Regulation (EU) risk and opportunity
2020/1816, Annex II
management, metrics and
Delegated Regulation (EU) targets – Complaint
2020/1818, Art 12 (1)
management
Client centricity – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Client
satisfaction
Client centricity – Impact,
risk and opportunity
management, metrics and
targets – Complaint
management

Anti-financial crime
Culture, integrity and
conduct – Impact, risk and
opportunity management
Delegated Regulation (EU) Anti-financial crime –
2020/1816, Annex II)
Metrics and targets

Anti-financial crime

367

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Employees
Group Headcount

Employees
Group Headcount
As of December 31, 2024, the bank employed a total of 89,753 employees compared to 90,130 as of December 31, 2023.
The bank calculates its employee figures on a full-time equivalent basis, meaning it includes proportionate numbers of
part-time employees.
The following table shows the bank’s numbers of full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Employees1

Germany
Europe (outside Germany)
Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa
North America2
Latin America
Total employees
1
2

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

35,160
17,672
28,930
7,744
247
89,753

36,195
18,103
27,601
8,033
199
90,130

35,594
17,875
23,740
7,534
187
84,930

Full-time equivalent employees, prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year, numbers may not add up due to rounding
Primarily the United States

In 2024, the number of the bank’s employees decreased by 377 or 0.4% mainly due to reductions in Germany, partly offset
by increases in Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa.
– Germany (-1,035; -2.9%) mainly driven by restructuring measures primarily in the Private Bank
– North America (-289; -3.6%) mainly driven by decreases across all operating businesses and infrastructure functions
– Europe ex Germany (-431; -2,4%) mainly driven by decreases in the UK, Italy and Spain, partly offset by increases in
Romania and its Operations Center
– Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa (+1.329; +4.8%) primarily driven by increases in India and its Operations Center
The following table shows the distribution of full-time equivalent employees by division as of December 31, 2024, 2023
and 2022.
Employees1

Corporate Bank (CB)
Investment Bank (IB)
Private Bank (PB)
Asset Management (AM)
Infrastructure
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

17.9%
8.9%
27.7%
5.1%
40.4%

17.4%
8.8%
29.1%
4.9%
39.9%

17.0%
8.4%
31.6%
5.0%
37.9%

Full-time equivalent employees, prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year, numbers may not add up due to rounding

–
–
–
–
–

Corporate Bank (+374; +2.4%) driven by increases in all segments of the Corporate Bank
Investment Bank (+36; +0.5%) mainly driven by increases in Fixed Income & Currencies
Private Bank (-1,327; -5.1%) mainly driven by reductions in Germany
Asset Management (+188; +4.3%) primarily driven by strengthening Technology and Operations
Infrastructure functions (+352; +1.0%) primarily driven by increases in Technology, Data & Innovation due to the bank’s
internalization strategy and in Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime, partly offset by reductions in all other
infrastructure functions

368

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Employees
Key employee figures

Post-Employment Benefit Plans
The Group sponsors a number of post-employment benefit plans on behalf of the Group’s employees, both defined
contribution plans and defined benefit plans.
In the Group’s globally coordinated accounting process covering defined benefit plans with a defined benefit obligation
exceeding € 2 million the Group’s global actuary reviews the valuations provided by locally appointed actuaries in each
country.
By applying the Group’s global principles for determining the financial and demographic assumptions the Group ensures
that the assumptions are best-estimate, unbiased and mutually compatible, and that they are globally consistent.
For a further discussion on the Group’s employee benefit plans see Note 33 “Employee Benefits” to the Group’s
consolidated financial statements.

Key employee figures
A few selected employee figures and KPIs are set forth below. For full details on Deutsche Bank’s people metrics, as well
as its strategic HR priorities and achievements, please refer to the bank’s Sustainability Statement 2024.
Female employee by Corporate Title (headcount, in %)1
Female Managing Directors
Female Directors
Female Vice Presidents
Female Assistant Vice Presidents & Associates
Female Non Officers
Total female employees (headcount, in %)1
Age (in %, headcount)2
Under 30 years old
30 - 50 years old
Over 50 years old
Part-time employees (headcount, in %)
Germany
Europe (outside Germany)
Americas
Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa
Total part-time employees
Share of vocational trainees in % of permanent employees in Germany

Commitment index
Enablement index
Voluntary employee turnover rate
Germany
Europe (outside Germany), Middle East and Africa
Americas
Asia/Pacific
Total voluntary employee turnover rate
Health rate (in %)³
1
2
3

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

22.8%
28.8%
35.6%
42.3%
59.6%
46.5%

22.3%
28.0%
34.8%
41.9%
59.0%
46.3%

20.9%
26.7%
33.5%
41.8%
59.7%
46.4%

16.2%
57.0%
26.9%

16.5%
57.0%
26.5%

15.4%
57.5%
27.1%

24.5%
5.1%
0.4%
0.1%
11.3%
3.2%

24.9%
5.1%
0.4%
0.1%
11.8%
3.6%

26.0%
5.5%
0.3%
0.1%
12.9%
3.5%

2024

2023

2022

67%
70%

70%
71%

69%
73%

2.6%
5.2%
8.3%
9.9%
5.9%
92.4%

2.5%
5.2%
7.7%
9.5%
5.6%
92.6%

3.7%
9.7%
18.2%
18.4%
10.1%
91.8%

Declared corporate titles of Postbank (incl. subsidiaries) are only alternative, technically derived, and not contractually defined or agreed
Numbers may not add up due to rounding
Health rate: 100 - ((total sickness days x 100)/total regular working days), Germany

369

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Risks in Financial Reporting

Internal Control over Financial Reporting
General
Management of Deutsche Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICOFR). The bank’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
under the supervision of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting. In addition to the preparation of the company’s consolidated
financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and endorsed by the European Union (EU). The bank’s
internal control over financial reporting includes disclosure controls and procedures designed to prevent misstatements.

Risks in Financial Reporting
The primary risks in financial reporting are that either financial statements do not present a true and fair view due to
inadvertent or intentional errors (fraud) or the publication of financial statements is not performed on a timely basis. These
risks may reduce investor confidence or cause reputational damage and may have legal consequences including banking
regulatory interventions. A lack of fair presentation arises when one or more financial statement amounts, or disclosures
contain misstatements (or omissions) that are material. Misstatements are deemed material if they could, individually or in
aggregate, influence economic decisions that users make because of the financial statements.
To confine those risks of financial reporting, management of the Group has established internal control over financial
reporting with the aim of providing reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements. In addition, an
assessment was conducted of the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control over financial reporting. This was based on
the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). COSO recommends the establishment of specific objectives to facilitate the design and evaluate
adequacy of a control system. As a result, in establishing internal control over financial reporting, management has
adopted the following financial statement objectives:
–
–
–
–

Existence - assets and liabilities exist and transactions have occurred;
Completeness - all transactions are recorded and account balances are included in the financial statements;
Valuation - assets, liabilities and transactions are recorded in the financial statements at the appropriate amounts;
Rights, Obligations and Ownership – rights, obligations and ownership are appropriately recorded as assets and
liabilities;
– Presentation and Disclosures - classification, disclosure and presentation of financial reporting is appropriate;
– Safeguarding of assets - unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets is prevented or detected in a timely
manner.
However, any internal control system, including internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute assurance that the objectives of that control system are met.
As such, disclosure controls and procedures or systems for internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all
errors; inadvertent or intentional errors (fraud). Furthermore, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods, are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. In addition, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.

Controls to Minimize the Risk of Financial Reporting Misstatement
The system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
– Pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the company’s assets;
– Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
made only in accordance with authorizations of the company’s management and;
– Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

370

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Risks in Financial Reporting

Measuring Effectiveness of Internal Control
Each year, management of the Group undertakes a formal evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of
internal control over financial reporting. This evaluation incorporates an assessment of the effectiveness of the control
environment as well as individual controls which make up the system of internal control over financial reporting and
considers:
– The financial misstatement risk of the financial statement line items, considering such factors as materiality and the
susceptibility of the financial statement item to misstatement; and,
– The susceptibility of identified controls to failure, considering such factors as the degree of automation, complexity,
and risk of management override, competence of personnel and the level of judgment required.
These factors determine in their entirety the type and scope of the evidence required by § 315 HGB, which the
management needs to assess whether or not the established internal control over financial reporting is effective. The
evidence itself is generated from procedures integrated within the daily responsibilities of staff or from procedures
implemented specifically for purposes of the internal control over financial reporting evaluation. Information from other
sources also form an important component of the evaluation since such evidence may either bring additional control issues
to the attention of management or may corroborate findings. Such information sources may include:
– Reports on audits carried out by or on behalf of regulatory authorities;
– External Auditor reports; and,
– Reports commissioned to evaluate the effectiveness of outsourced processes to third parties.
In addition, Group Audit evaluates the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting by
performing periodic and ad-hoc risk-based audits. Reports are produced summarizing the results from each audit which
are distributed to the responsible managers for the activities concerned. These reports also provide evidence to support
the annual evaluation by management of the overall operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
As a result of the evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting is appropriately
designed and operating effectively as of December 31, 2024.

371

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Information pursuant to Section 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
System of Control of any Employee Share Scheme where the Control Rights are not Exercised
Directly by the Employees

Information pursuant to Section 315a (1) of the
German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
Structure of the Share Capital including Authorized and
Conditional Capital
For information regarding Deutsche Bank’s share capital please refer to Note 32 “Common Shares” to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of Shares
Under Section 136 of the German Stock Corporation Act the voting right of the affected shares is excluded by law. As far
as the bank or its subsidiaries held own shares during the year of 2024 in its portfolio according to Section 71b of the
German Stock Corporation Act no rights could be exercised. Similar restrictions combined with restrictions on disposal are
contractually imposed on employees who have been granted shares as deferred compensation with a holding obligation.
The bank is not aware of any other restrictions on voting rights or the transfer of shares.

Shareholdings which Exceed 10 of the Voting Rights
%

The German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) requires that any investor whose share of voting rights
reaches, exceeds or falls below certain thresholds as the result of purchases, disposals or otherwise, must notify the bank
and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) thereof. The lowest threshold is 3%. The bank is not aware
of any shareholder holding directly or indirectly 10% or more of the voting rights.

Shares with Special Control Rights
Shares which confer special control rights have not been issued.

System of Control of any Employee Share Scheme where the
Control Rights are not Exercised Directly by the Employees
The employees, who hold Deutsche Bank shares, exercise their control rights as other shareholders in accordance with
applicable law and the Articles of Association (Satzung).

372

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Information pursuant to Section 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
Rules Governing the Amendment of the Articles of Association

Rules Governing the Appointment and Replacement of
Members of the Management Board
Pursuant to the German Stock Corporation Act (Section 84) and the Articles of Association of Deutsche Bank (Section 6)
the members of the Management Board are appointed by the Supervisory Board. The number of Management Board
members is determined by the Supervisory Board. According to the Articles of Association, the Management Board has at
least three members. The Supervisory Board may appoint one or two members of the Management Board as Chairpersons
of the Management Board. Members of the Management Board may be appointed for a maximum term of up to five years.
They may be reappointed or have their term extended for one or more terms of up to a maximum of five years each. The
German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz; Section 31) requires a majority of at least two thirds of the
members of the Supervisory Board to appoint members of the Management Board. If such majority is not achieved, the
Mediation Committee shall give, within one month, a recommendation for the appointment to the Management Board.
The Supervisory Board will then appoint the members of the Management Board with the majority of its members. If such
appointment fails, the Chairperson of the Supervisory Board shall have two votes in a new vote. If a required member of
the Management Board has not been appointed, the Local Court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall, in urgent cases,
make the necessary appointments upon motion by any party concerned (Section 85 of the Stock Corporation Act).
Pursuant to the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) and Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the European Central Bank
(SSM Framework Regulation) evidence must be provided to the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) and the Deutsche Bundesbank that the member of the Management Board has
adequate theoretical and practical experience of the businesses of the Bank as well as managerial experience before the
member is appointed (Sections 24 (1) No. 1 and 25c (1) of the Banking Act, Article 93 of the SSM Framework Regulation).
The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of an individual as member of the Management Board or as
Chairperson of the Management Board for good cause. Such cause includes in particular a gross breach of duties, the
inability to manage the Bank properly or a vote of no-confidence by the shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung,
referred to as the General Meeting), unless such vote of no-confidence was made for obviously arbitrary reasons.
The ECB or the BaFin may appoint a special representative and transfer to such special representative the responsibility
and powers of individual members of the Management Board if such members are not trustworthy or do not have the
required competencies or if the credit institution does not have the required number of Management Board members. In
any such case, the responsibility and powers of the Management Board members concerned are suspended (Section 45c
(1) through (3) of the Banking Act, Article 93 (2) of the SSM Framework Regulation).

Rules Governing the Amendment of the Articles of Association
Any amendment of the Articles of Association requires a resolution of the General Meeting (Section 179 of the Stock
Corporation Act). The authority to amend the Articles of Association in so far as such amendments merely relate to the
wording, such as changes of the share capital as a result of the issuance out of authorized capital, has been assigned to
the Supervisory Board by the Articles of Association of Deutsche Bank (Section 20 (3)). Pursuant to the Articles of
Association, the resolutions of the General Meeting are taken by a simple majority of votes and, in so far as a majority of
capital stock is required, by a simple majority of capital stock, except where law or the Articles of Association determine
otherwise (Section 20 (1)). Amendments to the Articles of Association become effective upon their entry in the Commercial
Register (Section 181 (3) of the Stock Corporation Act).

373

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Information pursuant to Section 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
Powers of the Management Board to Issue or Buy Back Shares

Powers of the Management Board to Issue or Buy Back Shares
The Annual General Meeting of May 27, 2021, authorized the Management Board pursuant to Section 71 (1) No. 7 of the
Stock Corporation Act to buy and sell, for the purpose of securities trading, own shares of Deutsche Bank AG on or before
April 30, 2026, at prices which do not exceed or fall short by more than 10% of the average of the share prices (closing
auction prices of the Deutsche Bank share in Xetra trading and/or in a comparable successor system on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange) on the respective three preceding stock exchange trading days. In this context, the shares acquired for this
purpose may not, at the end of any day, exceed 5% of the share capital of Deutsche Bank AG.
The Annual General Meeting of May 16, 2024, authorized the Management Board pursuant to Section 71 (1) No. 8 of the
Stock Corporation Act to buy, on or before April 30, 2029, own shares of Deutsche Bank AG in a total volume of up to 10%
of the share capital at the time the resolution was taken or – if the value is lower – of the share capital at the time this
authorization is exercised. Together with own shares acquired for trading purposes and/or for other reasons and which are
from time to time in the company’s possession or attributable to the company pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of the Stock
Corporation Act, the own shares purchased on the basis of this authorization may not at any time exceed 10% of the
company’s respectively applicable share capital. The own shares may be bought through the stock exchange or by means
of a public purchase offer to all shareholders. The consideration for the purchase of shares (excluding ancillary purchase
costs) through the stock exchange may not be more than 10% higher or more than 20% lower than the average of the share
prices (closing auction prices of the Deutsche Bank share in Xetra trading and/or in a comparable successor system on the
Frankfurt Stock Exchange) on the last three stock exchange trading days before the obligation to purchase. In the case of
a public purchase offer, it may not be more than 10% higher or more than 20% lower than the average of the share prices
(closing auction prices of the Deutsche Bank share in Xetra trading and/or in a comparable successor system on the
Frankfurt Stock Exchange) on the last three stock exchange trading days before the day of publication of the offer. If the
volume of shares offered in a public purchase offer exceeds the planned buyback volume, acceptance must be in
proportion to the shares offered in each case. The preferred acceptance of small quantities of up to 50 of the company’s
shares offered for purchase per shareholder may be defined.
The Management Board has also been authorized to dispose of the purchased shares and of any shares purchased on the
basis of previous authorizations pursuant to Section 71 (1) No. 8 of the Stock Corporation Act on the stock exchange or by
an offer to all shareholders. The Management Board has been authorized to dispose of the purchased shares against
contribution-in kind and with the exclusion of shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for the purpose of acquiring companies or
shareholdings in companies or other assets that serve the company’s business operations.
The Management Board has also been authorized to use shares purchased on the basis of authorizations pursuant to
Section 71 (1) No. 8 Stock Corporation Act to issue staff shares, with the exclusion of shareholders’ pre-emptive rights, to
employees and retired employees of the company and its affiliated companies or to use them to service option rights on
shares of the company and/or rights or duties to purchase shares of the company granted to employees or members of
executive or non-executive management bodies of the company and of affiliated companies.
Furthermore, the Management Board has been authorized, with the exclusion of shareholders’ pre-emptive rights, to sell
such own shares to third parties against cash payment if the purchase price is not substantially lower than the price of the
shares on the stock exchange at the time of sale. Use may only be made of this authorization if it has been ensured that
the number of shares sold on the basis of this authorization does not exceed 10% of the company’s share capital at the
time this authorization becomes effective or – if the amount is lower – at the time this authorization is exercised. Shares
that are issued or sold during the validity of this authorization with the exclusion of pre-emptive rights, in direct or
analogous application of Section 186 (3) sentence 4 Stock Corporation Act, are to be included in the maximum limit of
10% of the share capital. Also to be included are shares that are to be issued to service option and/or conversion rights
from convertible bonds, bonds with warrants, convertible participatory rights or participatory rights, if these bond or
participatory rights are issued during the validity of this authorization with the exclusion of pre-emptive rights in
corresponding application of Section 186 (3) sentence 4 Stock Corporation Act.
The Management Board has also been authorized to cancel shares acquired on the basis of this or a preceding authorization
without the execution of this cancellation process requiring a further resolution by the Annual General Meeting.

374

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Information pursuant to Section 315a (1) of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
Significant Agreements which Take Effect, Alter or Terminate upon a Change of Control of the
Company Following a Takeover Bid

The Annual General Meeting of May 16, 2024, authorized the Management Board pursuant to Section 71 (1) No. 8 of the
Stock Corporation Act to execute the purchase of shares under the resolved authorization also with the use of put and call
options or forward purchase contracts. The company may accordingly sell to third parties put options based on physical
delivery and buy call options from third parties if it is ensured by the option conditions that these options are fulfilled only
with shares which themselves were acquired subject to compliance with the principle of equal treatment. All share
purchases based on put or call options are limited to shares in a maximum volume of 5% of the actual share capital at the
time of the resolution by the General Meeting on this authorization. The term of the options must be selected such that
the share purchase upon exercising the option is carried out at the latest on April 30, 2029.
The purchase price to be paid for the shares upon exercise of the put options or upon the maturity of the forward purchase
may not exceed more than 10% or fall below 10% of the average of the share prices (closing auction prices of the Deutsche
Bank share in Xetra trading and/or in a comparable successor system on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) on the last three
stock exchange trading days before conclusion of the respective transaction in each case excluding ancillary purchase
costs but taking into account the option premium received. The call options may only be exercised if the purchase price to
be paid does not exceed by more than 10% or fall below 10% of the average of the share prices (closing auction prices of
the Deutsche Bank share in Xetra trading and/or in a comparable successor system on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) on
the last three stock exchange trading days before the acquisition of the shares.
To the sale and cancellation of shares acquired with the use of derivatives the general rules established by the General
Meeting apply.
Own shares may continue to be purchased using existing derivatives that were agreed on the basis and during the existence
of previous authorizations.

Significant Agreements which Take Effect, Alter or Terminate
upon a Change of Control of the Company Following a
Takeover Bid
Significant agreements which take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of control of the company following a takeover
bid have not been entered into.

375

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial
Code
Significant Agreements which Take Effect, Alter or Terminate upon a Change of Control of the
Company Following a Takeover Bid

Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to
Sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial
Code
The entire Corporate Governance Statement according to sections 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code is
available on the Group’s website under https://www.db.com/ir/en/reports.htm as well as in the chapter “4 – Corporate
Governance Statement according to Sections 289f, 315d of the German Commercial Code”.

376

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Deutsche Bank AG Performance

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Introduction
Deutsche Bank AG is the parent company of Deutsche Bank Group and its most material component. The management of
Deutsche Bank Group is based on IFRS results of the bank’s corporate divisions. Deutsche Bank AG is fully integrated in
the initiatives and target setting of Deutsche Bank Group. The performance of the Group is ultimately driving the
performance of Deutsche Bank AG. Further, the bank has utilized the option under Section 2a of the German Banking Act
(KWG) with respect to regulatory capital so that regulatory capital ratios are only applicable on Group level.
Therefore, information that has been provided regarding Deutsche Bank Group in this combined management report in
general also is relevant and applies to Deutsche Bank AG. Additional information that facilitates an understanding of
Deutsche Bank AG is contained in this section. The financial information in this section has been prepared in accordance
with the German Commercial Code (“Handelsgesetzbuch”, HGB), unless stated otherwise. Further details on financial
information prepared in accordance with HGB can be found in the notes to the financial statements for Deutsche Bank AG
in a separate report.

Deutsche Bank AG Performance
One parameter to evaluate the performance of the Group is the ability to make distributions to shareholders. This ability
depends on the availability of distributable profits of Deutsche Bank AG determined in accordance with HGB. Beyond that
the financial information of Deutsche Bank AG prepared in accordance with HGB is generally less relevant to assess or
steer the Group’s financial performance due to the circumstances set forth in the introduction above.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank AG recorded a net profit of € 2.9 billion compared to net profit of € 5.0 billion in prior year.
The operating profit of € 2.5 billion was lower by € 3.0 billion compared to prior year. Lower trading results and lower net
interest income, partly offset by higher commission income led to decrease of total revenues by € 337 million. Higher net
expenses for litigation, up by € 1.6 billion, negative net results from banking book derivatives, down by € 566 million and a
lower net result from securities held in the liquidity reserve, down by € 505 million, added significantly to the reduction in
operation profit.
The result outside operating profit was mainly driven by net positive valuation adjustments of investments in affiliated
companies of € 1.6 billion. A tax expense of € 955 million led to the net income of € 2.9 billion.
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual General Meeting to pay a dividend of
€ 0.68 per share, appropriate € 800 million to the revenue reserves and to carry forward the remaining distributable profit.

377

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Income Statement

Income Statement
The table below provides an overview of Deutsche Bank AG’s income statement, which is followed by further information
on the individual line items.
Condensed income statement
Change
in € m.

Interest income1
Current income2
Total interest income
Interest expenses
Net interest income
Commission income
Commission expenses
Net commission income
Net trading result
thereof release of trading-related special reserve
according to Section 340e HGB
Total revenues
Wages and salaries
Compulsory social security contributions3
Staff expenses
Other administrative expenses4
Administrative expenses
Balance of other operating income/expenses
Risk provisioning
Operating profit
Balance of other ordinary income/expenses
Extraordinary result
Releases from/(Additions) to the fund for general banking risks
Income before taxes
Taxes
Net income (loss)
Profit carried forward from the previous year
Withdrawal from capital reserves
Allocations to revenue reserves
– to other revenue reserves
Distributable profit

2024

2023

in € m.

in %

64,857
1,901
66,758
57,357
9,401
9,646
2,247
7,399
4,305

57,802
2,465
60,267
49,811
10,456
8,109
1,886
6,224
4,762

7,054
(564)
6,490
7,546
(1,055)
1,537
361
1,176
(458)

12
(23)
11
15
(10)
19
19
19
(10)

0
21,105
5,493
891
6,383
9,760
16,143
(1,393)
1,060
2,509
1,333
(4)
0
3,838
955
2,883
575
3,458
0
1,200
1,200
2,258

0
21,442
4,997
1,283
6,281
10,110
16,391
929
514
5,466
(956)
(157)
0
4,353
(646)
4,999
459
5,458
0
2,000
2,000
3,458

0
(337)
495
(393)
102
(350)
(247)
(2,322)
546
(2,958)
2,289
154
0
(515)
1,601
(2,116)
116
(2,000)
0
(800)
(800)
(1,199)

N/M
(2)
10
(31)
2
(3)
(2)
N/M
106
(54)
N/M
(98)
N/M
(12)
N/M
(42)
25
(37)
N/M
(40)
(40)
(35)

N/M - Not meaningful
1
From lending and money market business, fixed-income securities and government inscribed debt
2
From equity shares and other variable-yield securities, participating interests and investments in affiliated companies (including profit transfer agreements)
3
Including expenses for pensions and other employee benefits
4
Including scheduled depreciation on tangible and intangible assets

Net interest income
Net interest income decreased by € 1.1 billion to € 9.4 billion in 2024. Current income, down by € 564 million, reflected
lower contributions from affiliated companies. The net interest result from lending and securities less interest expenses
decreased by € 491 million, mainly driven by a higher increase of interest on liabilities compared to interest revenue from
assets.

Net commission income
Net commission income of € 7.4 billion increased by € 1.2 billion compared to the prior year, reflecting positive
developments mainly in net commissions in the loan business, but also in underwriting, brokerage and other services.

Net trading result
Net trading result in 2024 was € 4.3 billion, a decrease of € 458 million compared to prior year. This development was
mainly driven by higher expenses for currency translation.

378

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Income Statement

Staff expenses and operating costs
Staff expenses were € 6.4 billion, an increase of € 102 million compared to 2023, mainly driven by higher variable
compensation and partly offset by lower expenses for defined benefit plans.
Geographical breakdown of the bank’s staff (full-time-equivalent)
Staff (full-time equivalents)1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Change

23,362
7,568
413
5,149
36,492

23,470
7,783
465
5,191
36,910

(108)
(215)
(52)
(42)
(418)

Germany
Europe excl. Germany
Americas
Africa/Asia/Australia
Total
1

Staff (full-time equivalent) = total headcount adjusted proportionately for part time staff, excluding apprentices and interns

The number of employees in Germany decreased mainly driven by reductions in the Private Bank. In Europe excluding
Germany the number of employees decreased primarily in the UK mainly driven by reductions in the infrastructure
functions of the bank.
Other administrative costs were € 9.8 billion in 2024, a decrease by € 350 million from € 10.1 billion in 2023. Therein, other
administrative expenses (excluding scheduled depreciation and amortization on tangible and intangible assets) decreased
by € 454 million to € 8.5 billion. This development was mainly driven by lower bank levies, down by € 321 million and lower
IT costs down by € 210 million. These items are partly offset by higher costs for services rendered by group companies, up
by € 111 million and higher maintenance costs, up by € 66 million. Scheduled depreciation and amortization of tangible
and intangible assets were € 1.3 billion in 2024, up by € 104 million.

Net balance of operating income and expenses
The balance of other operating income/expenses amounted to negative € 1.4 billion in 2024 after positive € 929 million in
2023. This reduction of € 2.3 billion was mainly driven by higher net expenses for litigation, up by € 1.6 billion, and negative
net results from banking book derivatives, down by € 566 million.

Net risk provisioning
In 2024, total net risk provisioning, consisting of changes in credit related risk provisioning and the net result from securities
held in the liquidity reserve, amounted to € 1.1 billion, an increase by € 546 million compared to prior year. This
development was mainly attributable to a reduced net result from securities held in the liquidity reserve, down by
€ 505 million, whereas provisioning in the loan business remained largely stable, up by € 41 million. The decreased net
result from securities held in the liquidity reserve was caused by higher interest rate levels at year end 2024.

Net balance of other ordinary income/expenses
The balance of other ordinary income and expenses was positive € 1.3 billion (2023: negative € 956 million), consisting of
net valuation adjustments of investments in affiliated companies, write-downs and non-scheduled depreciation of
tangible and intangible assets and expenses from loss take-over.
Net valuation adjustments and net results from disposals of investments in affiliated companies amounted to positive
€ 1.6 billion (2023: negative € 740 million), mainly relating to the bank’s franchise in the U.S. and several subsidiaries in
Europe.
In addition, write-downs and non-scheduled depreciation of tangible and intangible assets amounted to € 195 million in
2024, mainly related to buildings (2023: € 103 million).
Expenses from loss take-over amounted to € 54 million in 2024 (2023: € 113 million).

Extraordinary result
Net extraordinary income and expenses were negative € 4 million, mainly relating to restructuring activities (2023: negative
€ 157 million).

379

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Balance Sheet

Taxes
In 2024, the bank recorded a tax expense of € 955 million compared to a benefit of € 646 million in the prior year. The
current year’s tax expense was primarily affected by tax exempt income. Prior year’s tax benefit was mainly driven by
changes in the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets.

Net profit and proposed appropriation
Deutsche Bank AG recorded a net profit of € 2.9 billion in 2024, compared to a net profit of € 5.0 billion in 2023.
After an addition to revenue reserves of € 1.2 billion, the 2024 distributable profit amounted to € 2.3 billion. The Bank will
propose to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of € 0.68 per share. This will reduce the distributable profit by up to
€ 1.3 billion, depending on the number of shares outstanding at the record date. It will also be proposed to appropriate
additional € 800 million to revenue reserves and to carry forward the remaining distributable profit.

Balance Sheet
The table below provides an overview of Deutsche Bank AG’s balance sheet, which is followed by further information on
the individual line items.
Condensed balance sheet
Change
in € m.

Assets
Receivables from banks and customers incl. balances with central banks and
debt instruments of public-sector entities
Participating interests and investments in affiliated companies
Bonds and other securities and equity shares
Trading Assets
Remaining other assets
Total assets
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Liabilities to banks and customers
Liabilities in certificate form
Trading liabilities
Provisions
Capital and reserves
Subordinated liabilities, Participation rights capital, Instruments for
Additional Tier 1 Regulatory Capital and Fund for general banking risks
Remaining other liabilities
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

in %

685,315

688,265

(2,950)

(0)

31,923
83,732
301,057
26,375
1,128,403

29,488
71,724
247,596
23,158
1,060,231

2,435
12,008
53,462
3,218
68,172

8
17
22
14
6

678,503
100,993
216,798
7,632
44,884

662,954
92,132
191,329
7,100
43,552

15,549
8,861
25,469
531
1,332

2
10
13
7
3

27,966

24,328

3,638

15

51,627
1,128,403

38,835
1,060,231

12,791
68,172

33
6

Total assets of Deutsche Bank AG amounted to € 1,128 billion as of December 31, 2024. The 6% increase compared to
December 31, 2023, was mainly driven by increases in Trading Assets. The net growth was mainly funded by higher Trading
Liabilities.

Total credit extended
Total credit extended (excluding reverse repos and securities spot deals) decreased by € 5.9 billion (1%), to € 468.9 billion.
This development was primarily driven by a decrease in Loans to banks by € 10.6 billion (17%) to € 51.6 billion and partly
offset by an increase in Claims on customers, which are reported under total credit extended, by € 4.7 billion (1%) to
€ 417.4 billion.

380

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Balance Sheet

Total credit extended (excluding reverse repos and securities spot deals)
Change
in € bn.

Claims on customers
with a residual period of
up to 5 years1
over 5 years
Loans to banks
with a residual period of
up to 5 years1
over 5 years
Total
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

in € bn.

in %

417

413

5

1

301
116
52

293
119
62

8
(3)
(11)

3
(3)
(17)

37
15
469

48
14
475

(11)
1
(6)

(24)
6
(1)

Including those repayable on demand and those with an indefinite period

Receivables from banks (excluding loans) outside trading increased by € 1.6 billion to € 114.8 billion compared to
December 31, 2023.

Investments in affiliated companies
Investments in affiliated companies increased by € 2.4 billion to € 31.7 billion; this increase was attributable to write-ups
(€ 1.6 billion), a positive impact of foreign currency translation (€ 0.6 billion) and capital injections (€ 1.0 billion), partly
offset by capital repayments (€ 0.7 billion), write-downs (€ 0.3 billion) and the merger of an affiliated company into
Deutsche Bank AG (€ 0.1 billion).

Securities
The bank’s securities portfolio (excluding trading assets) increased by € 12.0 billion to € 83.7 billion, mainly driven by an
increase in bonds.

Trading assets
Trading assets amounted to € 301.1 billion, an increase of € 53.5 billion (22%) compared to December 31, 2023. This was
mainly driven by an increase in receivables qualifying as trading, which grew by € 23.5 billion (31%) to € 99.6 billion, as well
by an increase of positive market value from trading derivatives, higher by € 22.9 billion (31%) to € 97.5 billion.

Deposits and securitized liabilities
Liabilities to banks decreased slightly and amounted to € 139.3 billion for 2024, while liabilities to customers increased to
€ 539.2 billion, higher by € 21.5 billion (4%) compared to December 31, 2023. Within this item, other liabilities repayable
on demand increased by € 15.1 billion (5%) from € 304.4 billion to € 319.5 billion. This was accompanied by an increase in
savings deposits by € 2.5 billion (4%) from € 64.3 billion to € 66.8 billion and by an increase in other liabilities with agreed
period or notice period by € 3.9 billion from € 149.0 billion to € 152.9 billion.
Liabilities in certificate from amounted to € 101.0 billion, up € 8.9 billion (10%) in comparison to December 31, 2023. The
increase was driven by an increase of bonds and notes issued by € 3.6 billion (4%) compared to December 31, 2023, and
other liabilities in certificate form by € 5.3 billion (81%) to € 11.9 billion.
Breakdown of liabilities
Change
in € bn.

Liabilities to banks
repayable on demand
with agreed period or notice period
Liabilities to customers
savings deposits
other liabilities
repayable on demand
with agreed period or notice period
Liabilities in certificate form
bonds and notes issued
other liabilities in certificate form
thereof: money market instruments

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

in € bn.

in %

139
74
66
539
67

145
69
76
518
64

(6)
4
(10)
22
3

(4)
6
(14)
4
4

320
153
101
89
12
11

304
149
92
86
7
6

15
4
9
4
5
5

5
3
10
4
80
85

381

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Balance Sheet

Trading liabilities
Trading liabilities amounted to € 216.8 billion, an increase of € 25.5 billion (13%) in comparison to December 31, 2023. This
was mainly driven by increases in negative market values from trading derivatives by € 20.5 billion (30%) to € 89.3 billion
and in other liabilities qualifying as trading by € 5.2 billion (6%) to € 95.0 billion.

Provisions
Provisions amounted to € 7.6 billion, up € 0.5 billion (7%) compared to December 31, 2023. An increase of other provisions
by € 1.0 billion (21%) was partly offset by a decrease in provisions for pensions and similar obligation by € 0.4 billion (18%).

Instruments for additional tier 1 regulatory capital
Instruments for additional Tier 1 Regulatory Capital amounted to € 12.2 billion compared to € 8.9 billion last year. The
year-on-year movement is the mainly result of new issuances.

Capital and reserves
Capital and reserves of Deutsche Bank AG amounted to € 44.9 billion. The increase of € 1.3 billion is mainly attributable to
the distributable profit generated in 2024 as well as an increase in other revenue reserves, partly offset by effect from
share cancellation and dividend distribution.
Consistent with prior years, the Bank has utilized the option available under Section 2a of the German Banking Act (KWG)
with respect to its regulatory capital and presents capital requirements for Deutsche Bank Group only.
In summary: The bank maintained its stable funding, high liquidity base and solid regulatory capital position which is based
on Group capital. For further details, please refer to the liquidity risk and capital adequacy sections in the Risk Report.

382

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Management of Deutsche Bank AG within the Group

Management of Deutsche Bank AG within the Group
The content in this chapter should be read in conjunction with the respective group sections in this Annual Report,
especially “Risk Report”, “Outlook”, “Risks and Opportunities” and “Internal control over financial reporting”.

Risk Management
The impact of the risks on Deutsche Bank AG cannot be isolated from the effects on Deutsche Bank’s other legal entities,
mainly driven by:
– The Group’s management structure, including its corporate divisions follows its customers’ needs. The legal structure
is determined by local legislation and therefore does not necessarily follow the management structure. For example,
local legislation can determine whether the Group’s business in a certain country is conducted by a branch of Deutsche
Bank AG or by a separate subsidiary. However, the management has to monitor the risks in the bank’s business –
irrespective of whether it is transacted by a branch or a subsidiary.
– Adequate risk monitoring and management requires knowledge of the extent to which the Group’s profit situation
depends on the development of certain risk factors, i.e., on the creditworthiness of individual customers or securities
issuers or on movements in market prices. The respective exposures therefore need to be analyzed across legal entities.
Especially for the credit risk attached to a borrower, as it is irrelevant whether the credit exposure to a company is
spread over several Group companies or concentrated on Deutsche Bank AG. Separate monitoring of the risk affecting
Deutsche Bank AG alone would neglect the potential exposure facing the Group and, indirectly, Deutsche Bank AG –
as the parent – if the company became insolvent.
– Individual risk factors are sometimes correlated, and in some cases, they are independent of each other. If estimates of
the nature and extent of this correlation are available, the Group’s management can significantly reduce the overall risk
by diversifying its businesses across customer groups, issuers and countries. The risk correlation is also independent of
the Group’s legal and divisional structure. Therefore, management can only optimize the risk-mitigating effects of
diversification if it manages them Group-wide and across legal entities.
For the reasons mentioned, the identification, monitoring and management of all risks in Deutsche Bank AG are integrated
into the Group-wide risk management process. Following Group policies, Deutsche Bank AG adheres to the respective legal
and regulatory requirements.
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of Deutsche Bank AG stands at 122.1% as of December 31, 2024, compared to 127.5% as
of December 31, 2023. The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) amounts to 110.5% as of December 31, 2024, compared to
110.1% as of December 31, 2023. Both ratios are calculated separately to ensure an appropriate level of liquidity and stable
funding at Deutsche Bank AG.

Outlook and Strategy
Deutsche Bank AG as the parent company of the Group defines the strategy and planning for the individual Group
Divisions. Deutsche Bank AG participates in the results of the Group Divisions through own activities and profit distribution
from subsidiaries. Therefore, the Group’s outlook encompasses all Group Divisions and is not limited to the parent
company. In addition, financial key performance indicators are solely defined on Group level, except for the amount of
distributable profit.

383

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Standalone parent company information (HGB)
Sustainability Statement for Deutsche Bank AG

Risks and Opportunities
Risks
Deutsche Bank AG as a solo entity reporting under HGB faces additional risks compared to the Group in that certain
transactions in a given year may lead to higher or lower losses than in the Group financial statements prepared under IFRS.
The following items carry significant risk in this respect:
– Potential valuation adjustments of investments in affiliated companies, driven by local political and economic
environment, increased local regulatory requirements, restructuring or changes of share prices of listed investments.
– Increase in long-term provisions, especially pension obligations, despite rises in interest rate levels caused by the
discounting with average interest rates according to Section 253 (2) German Commercial Code.
– Negative valuation adjustments to plan assets, especially in an environment of rising interest rate levels. Due to the
above-mentioned valuation methodology, there might be no offsetting effect from lower pension obligations if interest
rates are rising.
– Potential requirement to set up a provision according to German accounting pronouncement IDW RS BFA 3 in case the
interest-bearing banking book does not generate an interest margin sufficient to cover expected credit risk costs and
administrative expenses. A persisting low interest rate environment and the treatment of coupon payments related to
the AT1 instruments as expenses under HGB increase this risk.
In addition, profits or retained earnings from affiliated companies might not allow for sufficient dividend payments to
Deutsche Bank AG to facilitate dividend payments by Deutsche Bank AG as targeted.

Opportunities
Deutsche Bank AG as a solo entity reporting under HGB may have additional opportunities compared to the Group in that
respect that certain transactions in a given year are reported in a more beneficial manner than for the Group under IFRS,
such as realized gains which may be recognized in the income statement under IFRS in an earlier period.
In addition, there is the possibility that Deutsche Bank AG as parent entity shows profits in a given year that are higher than
its contribution to the Group’s net income, resulting from increased profit distributions from affiliated companies.

Internal control over financial reporting
The controls that are performed for the Group’s Annual Statements under IFRS apply to the bank’s financial statements
under HGB accordingly. In addition to these controls, specific HGB related controls are implemented which include:
– Inter-branch reconciliation and elimination are performed for HGB specific balances; and,
– Analytical reviews of revaluation and reclassification items between IFRS and HGB on the level of foreign branches and
the German headquarters.

Sustainability Statement for Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG as the parent company of the Group defines the governance, strategy, impact, risk and opportunity
management, metrics and targets for material sustainability matters. As Deutsche Bank AG substantially represents the
Group for key metrics (e.g. total assets of the Group), such key sustainability elements are solely defined at Group level
with the exception of specifically highlighted subsidiaries as outlined in the Sustainability Statement of Deutsche Bank
Group. Therefore, the details pursuant to Section 340a (1a) German Commercial Code (HGB) in conjunction with Section
289b (3) HGB can be found in the Sustainability Statement within the Combined Management Report of this Annual
Report. As the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) issued by the European Union was not transposed into
German law as of 31 December 2024, the bank applied the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) as
reporting framework as allowed by Section 289d HGB and, on that basis, discloses governance, strategy, impact, risk and
opportunity management, metrics and targets for material sustainability matters.

384

2

Consolidated
Financial Statements
386

Consolidated Statement
of Income

387

Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income

388

Consolidated Balance Sheet

389

Consolidated statement
of changes in equity

390

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

392

Notes to the consolidated financial
statements

392
416
418
419

431
431
433
435
435
435
436
437

438
438

440
455
457
457

1 – Material accounting policies and
critical accounting estimates
2 – Recently adopted and new accounting
pronouncements
3 – Acquisitions and dispositions
4 – Business segments and related
information

Notes to the consolidated income
statement

5 – Net interest income and net gains
(losses) on financial assets/liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss
6 – Commissions and fee income
7 – Net gains (losses) from derecognition
of financial assets measured at
amortized cost
8 – Other income (loss)
9 – General and administrative expenses
10 – Restructuring
11 – Earnings per share

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet

12 – Financial assets/liabilities at
fair value through profit or loss
13 – Financial Instruments carried
at Fair Value
14 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments
not carried at Fair Value
15 – Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
16 – Equity Method Investments

458
461
462
464
467
469
470
475
475
476
477
487
489
489
490

491

491
492
509
512
516
518
519
523

17 – Offsetting Financial Assets
and Financial Liabilities
18 – Loans
19 – Allowance for Credit Losses
20 – Transfer of Financial Assets, Assets
Pledged and Received as Collateral
21 – Property and Equipment
22 – Leases
23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
24 – Non-Current Assets and Disposal
Groups Held for Sale
25 – Other Assets and Other Liabilities
26 – Deposits
27 – Provisions
28 – Credit related commitments and
contingent liabilities
29 – Other Short-Term Borrowings
30 – Long-Term Debt and Trust Preferred
Securities
31 – Maturity Analysis of the earliest
contractual undiscounted cash flows
of Financial Liabilities

Additional Notes

532
533

32 – Common Shares
33 – Employee benefits
34 – Income taxes
35 – Derivatives
36 – Related Party Transactions
37 – Information on Subsidiaries
38 – Structured entities
39 – Current and non-current assets
and liabilities
40 – Events after the reporting period
41 – Regulatory capital information
42 – Supplementary information (to the
consolidated financial statements
according to sections 297 (1a) / 314
HGB and the return on assets
according to article 26a of the German
Banking Act
43 – Country by country reporting
44 – Shareholdings

548

Confirmations

524
525
530

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Consolidated Statement of Income

Consolidated Statement of Income
in € m.

Interest and similar income1
Interest expense
Net interest income
Provision for credit losses
Net interest income after provision for credit losses
Net commissions and fee income
Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss
Net gains (losses) from derecognition of financial assets measured at
amortized cost
Net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
Other income (loss)
Total noninterest income
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Profit (loss) before income taxes
Income tax expense (benefit)
Profit (loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders and additional
equity components
1

Notes

2024

2023

2022

5
5
5
19
6

49,358
36,292
13,065
1,830
11,235
10,372

44,074
30,472
13,602
1,505
12,097
9,206

24,299
10,649
13,650
1,226
12,425
9,838

5

5,987

4,947

2,999

(11)

(96)

(2)

48
12
619
17,027
11,731
11,243
0
(3)
22,971
5,291
1,786
3,505
139

(0)
(38)
1,259
15,277
11,131
10,112
233
220
21,695
5,678
787
4,892
120

(216)
152
789
13,560
10,712
9,728
68
(118)
20,390
5,594
(64)
5,659
134

3,366

4,772

5,525

7

16
8
33
9
23
10

34

Interest and similar income included € 36.9 billion, € 34.5 billion and € 19.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, calculated based
on effective interest method

Earnings per Share
Notes

Earnings per share:1
Basic
Diluted
Number of shares in million:
Denominator for basic earnings per share –
weighted-average shares outstanding
Denominator for diluted earnings per share –
adjusted weighted-average shares after assumed conversions
1

2024

2023

2022

€ 1.40
€ 1.37

€ 2.07
€ 2.03

€ 2.42
€ 2.37

1,993.6

2,064.1

2,084.9

2,039.3

2,104.0

2,125.6

11

Earnings were adjusted by € 574 million, € 498 million and € 479 million before tax for the coupons paid on Additional Tier 1 Notes in the second quarter of 2024, 2023
and 2022, respectively. The coupons paid on Additional Tier 1 Notes are not attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders and therefore need to be deducted in the
calculation in accordance with IAS 33.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

386

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Profit (loss) recognized in the income statement
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement gains (losses) related to defined benefit plans, before tax
Net fair value gains (losses) attributable to credit risk related to financial
liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss, before tax
Total of income tax related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period, before tax
Realized net (gains) losses arising during the period (reclassified to profit or loss),
before tax
Derivatives hedging variability of cash flows
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period, before tax
Realized net (gains) losses arising during the period (reclassified to profit or loss),
before tax
Assets classified as held for sale
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period, before tax
Realized net (gains) losses arising during the period (reclassified to profit or loss),
before tax
Foreign currency translation
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period, before tax
Realized net (gains) losses arising during the period (reclassified to profit or loss),
before tax
Equity Method Investments
Net gains (losses) arising during the period
Total of income tax related to items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Attributable to:
Noncontrolling interests
Deutsche Bank shareholders and additional equity components

3,505

4,892

5,659

264

(286)

1,203

(180)
(61)

(62)
155

91
(667)

(332)

25

(1,285)

(48)

0

216

(242)

439

(819)

234

395

71

0

0

0

0

0

0

833

(1,294)

329

3

(3)

(20)

(2)
264
731
4,236

(25)
18
(637)
4,255

20
596
(267)
5,392

192
4,044

77
4,178

185
5,207

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

387

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Consolidated Balance Sheet

Consolidated Balance Sheet
in € m.

Assets:
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Trading assets
Positive market values from derivative financial instruments
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equity method investments
Loans at amortized cost
Property and equipment
Goodwill and other intangible assets
Other assets 1
Assets for current tax
Deferred tax assets
Total assets
Liabilities and equity:
Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Trading liabilities
Negative market values from derivative financial instruments
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Other short-term borrowings
Other liabilities 1
Provisions
Liabilities for current tax
Deferred tax liabilities
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
Total liabilities
Common shares, no par value, nominal value of € 2.56
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Common shares in treasury, at cost
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Total shareholders’ equity
Additional equity components
Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
1

Notes

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

20
20

147,494
6,160
40,803
44

178,416
6,140
14,725
39

139,772
291,754
114,324
0
545,849
42,090
1,028
478,921
6,193
7,749
101,207
1,801
7,839
1,387,177

125,275
251,856
88,047
75
465,252
35,546
1,013
473,705
6,185
7,327
114,697
1,513
7,773
1,312,331

666,261
3,740
2

622,035
3,038
3

43,498
276,395
92,047
454
412,395
9,895
95,631
3,326
720
590
114,899
287
1,307,745
5,106
39,744
23,368
(713)
(1,229)
66,276
11,550
1,606
79,432
1,387,177

44,005
238,260
83,727
484
366,475
9,620
113,036
2,448
631
546
119,390
289
1,237,513
5,223
40,187
21,316
(481)
(1,760)
64,486
8,569
1,763
74,818
1,312,331

12, 13, 20, 35
15
16
18, 19, 20
21, 22
23
24, 25
34

26
20
20

12, 13, 20, 35
29
22, 24, 25
19, 27
34
30
30
32

32

Includes non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

388

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Unrealized net gains (losses)

in € m.

Balance as of December 31, 2021
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax1
Gains (losses) attributable to equity instruments designated as at fair
value through other comprehensive income, net of tax
Gains (losses) upon early extinguishment attributable to change in
own credit risk of financial liabilities designated as at fair value
through profit and loss, net of tax
Common shares cancelled
Cash dividends paid
Coupon on additional equity components, before tax
Remeasurement gains (losses) related to defined benefit plans, net
of tax
Net change in share awards in the reporting period
Treasury shares distributed under share-based compensation plans
Tax benefits related to share-based compensation plans
Option premiums and other effects from options on common shares
Purchases of treasury shares
Sale of treasury shares
Net gains (losses) on treasury shares sold
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2022
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax1
Gains (losses) attributable to equity instruments designated as at fair
value through other comprehensive income, net of tax
Gains (losses) upon early extinguishment attributable to change in
own credit risk of financial liabilities designated as at fair value
through profit and loss, net of tax
Common shares cancelled5
Cash dividends paid
Coupon on additional equity components, before tax
Remeasurement gains (losses) related to defined benefit plans, net
of tax
Net change in share awards in the reporting period
Treasury shares distributed under share-based compensation plans
Tax benefits related to share-based compensation plans
Option premiums and other effects from options on common shares
Purchases of treasury shares
Sale of treasury shares
Net gains (losses) on treasury shares sold
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2023
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax1
Gains (losses) attributable to equity instruments designated as at fair
value through other comprehensive income, net of tax
Gains (losses) upon early extinguishment attributable to change in
own credit risk of financial liabilities designated as at fair value
through profit and loss, net of tax
Common shares cancelled5
Cash dividends paid
Coupon on additional equity components, before tax
Remeasurement gains (losses) related to defined benefit plans, net
of tax
Net change in share awards in the reporting period
Treasury shares distributed under share-based compensation plans
Tax benefits related to share-based compensation plans
Option premiums and other effects from options on common shares
Purchases of treasury shares
Sale of treasury shares
Net gains (losses) on treasury shares sold
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2024

Attributable to
change in own
credit risk of
financial
liabilities
designated as
at fair value
through profit
and loss,
net of tax2

On
derivatives
hedging
variability of
cash flows,
net of tax2

On assets
classified as
held for sale,
net of tax2

Foreign
currency
translation,
net of tax2

Unrealized
net gains
(losses) from
equity method
investments

Accumulated other
comprehensive income,
net of tax1

Total
shareholders’
equity

Additional
equity
components3

Noncontrolling
interests

Total equity

Common shares
(no par value)

Additional
paid-in capital

Retained
earnings

Common shares
in treasury,
at cost

On financial
assets at fair
value through
other
comprehensive
income,
net of tax2

5,291
0

40,580
0

12,607
5,525

(6)
0

(120)
(867)

(3)
65

(33)
(537)

0
0

(282)
452

(6)
16

(444)
(870)

58,027
4,655

8,305
0

1,698
177

68,030
4,832

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
(406)
(479)

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

(0)
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

(0)
0
0
0

0
0
(406)
(479)

0
0
0
0

0
0
(96)
0

0
0
(502)
(479)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
5,291
0

0
(48)
0
17
(58)
0
0
0
22
40,513
0

553
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
17,800
4,772

0
0
370
0
0
(695)
0
0
0
(331)
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(986)
133

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
62
(43)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(570)
592

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
171
(1,111)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
10
(16)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(1,314)
(445)

553
(48)
370
17
(58)
(695)
0
0
24
61,959
4,327

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2734
8,578
0

8
(1)
0
0
0
0
0
0
5
1,791
78

561
(49)
370
17
(58)
(695)
0
0
301
72,328
4,404

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
(68)
0
0

0
(232)
0
0

0
0
(610)
(498)

0
300
0
0

0
0
0
0

(0)
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

(0)
0
0
0

0
0
(610)
(498)

0
0
0
0

0
0
(100)
0

0
0
(710)
(498)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
5,223
0

0
(94)
0
27
(65)
0
0
0
39
40,187
0

(148)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
21,316
3,366

0
0
407
0
0
(857)
0
0
0
(481)
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(853)
(272)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
18
(131)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
22
1

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(941)
928

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(6)
(1)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(1,760)
525

(148)
(94)
407
27
(65)
(857)
0
0
39
64,486
3,891

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(9)4
8,569
0

(1)
(1)
0
(1)
0
0
0
0
(4)
1,763
191

(149)
(95)
407
26
(65)
(857)
0
0
26
74,818
4,082

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
(117)
0
0

0
(333)
0
0

(5)
0
(883)
(574)

0
450
0
0

0
0
0
0

5
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

5
0
0
0

0
0
(883)
(574)

0
0
0
0

0
0
(264)
0

0
0
(1,147)
(574)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
5,106

0
(23)
0
53
(41)
0
0
0
(99)
39,744

148
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
23,368

0
0
444
0
0
(1,126)
0
0
0
(713)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(1,124)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(108)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
23

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(13)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(7)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
(1,229)

148
(23)
444
53
(41)
(1,126)
0
0
(99)
66,276

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2,9814
11,550

1
(0)
0
(0)
0
0
0
0
(84)
1,606

149
(23)
444
53
(41)
(1,126)
0
0
2,798
79,432

Excluding remeasurement gains (losses) related to defined benefit plans, net of tax
Excluding unrealized net gains (losses) from equity method investments
Includes Additional Tier 1 Notes, which constitute unsecured and subordinated notes of Deutsche Bank and are classified as equity in accordance with IFRS
4
Includes net proceeds from issuance, purchase and sale of Additional Equity Components
5
On March 5, 2024, Deutsche Bank cancelled 45.5 million of its common shares; the cancellation reduced the nominal value of the shares by € 117 million; the cancelled shares had been held in common shares in treasury, at their acquisition cost of € 450 million; the difference between the common shares at cost and their nominal value has reduced additional paid-in capital by
€ 333 million. On February 28, 2023, Deutsche Bank cancelled 26.5 million of its common shares; the cancellation reduced the nominal value of the shares by € 68 million; the cancelled shares had been held in common shares in treasury, at their acquisition cost of € 300 million; the difference between the common shares at cost and their nominal value has reduced additional paidin capital by € 232 million
1
2
3

389

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Profit (loss)
Cash flows from operating activities:
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Provision for credit losses
Restructuring activities
Gain on sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, equity
method investments and other
Deferred income taxes, net
Impairment, depreciation and other amortization, and accretion
Share of net income from equity method investments
Adjustments for net change in operating assets and liabilities:
Interest-earning time deposits with central banks and banks
Central bank funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements, securities borrowed
Non-Trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
Loans at amortized cost
Other assets
Deposits
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss and investment contract
liabilities1
Central bank funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, securities
loaned
Other short-term borrowings
Other liabilities
Senior long-term debt2
Trading assets and liabilities, positive and negative market values from derivative financial
instruments, net
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from:
Sale of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Maturities of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Sale of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost
Maturities of debt securities held to collect at amortized cost
Sale of equity method investments
Sale of property and equipment
Purchase of:
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Debt Securities held to collect at amortized cost
Equity method investments
Property and equipment
Net cash received in (paid for) business combinations/divestitures
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Issuances of subordinated long-term debt3
Repayments and extinguishments of subordinated long-term debt3
Issuances of trust preferred securities4
Repayments and extinguishments of trust preferred securities4
Principal portion of lease payments5
Common shares issued
Purchases of treasury shares
Sale of treasury shares
Additional Equity Components (AT1) issued
Additional Equity Components (AT1) repaid
Purchases of Additional Equity Components (AT1)
Sale of Additional Equity Components (AT1)
Coupon on additional equity components, pre tax
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Net change in noncontrolling interests
Cash dividends paid to Deutsche Bank shareholders
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Net effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

3,505

4,892

5,659

1,830
(3)

1,505
220

1,226
(118)

(76)
473
3,388
4

(84)
(553)
3,111
107

128
(852)
3,529
(129)

(1,188)
(25,975)
(25,214)
75
226
13,990
37,603

(699)
(3,285)
793
93
8,556
(1,384)
1,771

102
(3,046)
1,511
(31)
(5,101)
(459)
11,686

5,425

29,493

(6,046)

625
182
(19,800)
(6,339)

2,456
4,534
777
(11,880)

(187)
1,065
12,377
(17,019)

(14,991)
(2,323)
(28,584)

(35,616)
801
5,606

2,249
(8,658)
(2,113)

18,267
22,658
20
7,216
0
20

15,646
19,437
(0)
8,025
20
33

15,450
21,557
0
6,519
118
22

(46,502)
(6,498)
(63)
(528)
3
(1,375)
(6,781)

(38,648)
(4,859)
(60)
(422)
(361)
(1,386)
(2,576)

(42,991)
(16,696)
(171)
(337)
439
(1,086)
(17,175)

20
(153)
0
(6)
(552)
0
(1,126)
0
3,000
0
(3,341)
3,316
(574)
(264)
(84)
(883)
(646)
2,910
(33,102)
163,768
130,666

1,432
(1,471)
0
(225)
(534)
0
(857)
0
0
0
(400)
415
(498)
(100)
(5)
(610)
(2,852)
(2,036)
(1,857)
165,626
163,768

2,716
(90)
0
0
(607)
0
(695)
0
2,000
(1,750)
(4,058)
4,074
(479)
(96)
5
(406)
614
4,354
(14,320)
179,946
165,626

390

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

in € m.

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities include
Income taxes paid (received), net
Interest paid6
Interest received6
Dividends received
Cash and cash equivalents comprise
Cash and central bank balances7
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)8
Total

2024

2023

2022

1,392
36,030
48,746
110

955
28,502
43,413
106

1,288
9,468
22,667
87

126,353
4,313
130,666

159,326
4,442
163,768

159,876
5,749
165,626

Included are senior long-term debt issuances of € 13.5 billion and € 6.5 billion and repayments and extinguishments of € 2.4 billion and € 1.2 billion through
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
Included are issuances of € 25.9 billion and € 26.8 billion and repayments and extinguishments of € 33.2 billion and € 40.1 billion through December 31, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, respectively
3
Non-cash changes for Subordinated Long-Term Debt are € 532 million in total and mainly driven by Fair Value changes of € 90 million and Foreign Exchange movements
of € 432 million through December 31, 2024 and € (31) million in total mainly driven by Fair Value changes of € 139 million and Foreign Exchange movements of
€ (173) million through December 31, 2023
4
Non-cash changes for Trust Preferred Securities are € 3 million in total and mainly driven by Fair Value changes of € (3) million through December 31, 2024 and
€ 15 million in total and mainly driven by Fair Value changes of € 8 million through December 31, 2023
5
Non-cash changes for Lease liabilities are € 673 million in total including Foreign Exchange movements of € 107 million through December 31, 2024 and € 669 million in
total including Foreign Exchange movements of € (65) million through December 31, 2023
6
Includes interest paid and interest received from derivatives qualifying as hedging instruments under the Group’s fair value hedge accounting application, which includes
portfolio hedges of interest rate risk in accordance with the EU carve-out version of IAS 39
7
Not included: Interest-earning time deposits with central banks of € 21.2 billion as of December 31, 2024 and € 19.1 billion as of December 31, 2023
8
Not included: Interest-earning time deposits with banks of € 1.9 billion as of December 31, 2024 and € 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2023
1

2

As of December 31, 2024 cash and central bank balances include time and demand deposits at the Russian Central Bank
of € 377 million (€ 612 million as of December 31, 2023). These are subject to foreign exchange restrictions. Thereof,
demand deposits of € 15 million (€ 30 million as of December 31, 2023) qualify as Cash and cash equivalents at end of
period.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

391

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting
estimates
Basis of accounting
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (“Deutsche Bank” or the “Parent”)
is a stock corporation organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. Deutsche Bank together with all
entities in which Deutsche Bank has a controlling financial interest (collectively the “Group”, or “Deutsche Bank”) is a global
provider of a full range of corporate and investment banking, private clients and asset management products and services.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are stated in euros, the presentation currency of the Group. All
financial information presented in million euros has been rounded to the nearest million. The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and endorsed by the European Union (EU).
Prior to publication on March 13, 2025, the Supervisory Board approved the Consolidated Financial Statements 2024 of
the Group on March 12, 2025, which were drawn up by the Management Board on March 6, 2025.
EU carve-out
The Group applies fair value hedge accounting for portfolio hedges of interest rate risk (fair value macro hedges) in
accordance with the EU carve out version of IAS 39. The purpose of applying the EU carve out version of IAS 39 is to align
the Group’s hedge accounting approach with its risk management practice and the accounting practice of its major
European peers. Under the EU carve out version of IAS 39 fair value macro hedge accounting may be applied to core
deposits. In addition, the EU carve out version of IAS 39 hedge ineffectiveness is only recognized when the revised estimate
of the amount of cash flows in scheduled time buckets falls below the original designated amount of that bucket. If the
revised amount of cash flows in scheduled time buckets is more than the original designated amount, then there is no
hedge ineffectiveness. Under IFRS as issued by the IASB, hedge accounting for fair value macro hedges cannot be applied
to core deposits. In addition, under IFRS as issued by the IASB hedge ineffectiveness arises for all fair value macro hedge
accounting relationships whenever the revised estimate of the amount of cash flows in scheduled time buckets is either
more or less than the original designated amount of that bucket. The EU carve out version of IAS 39 also removes the
prohibition on identifying a benchmark risk component in a financial instrument priced at sub–benchmark. This may arise
when financial instruments carry a negative spread such that the identified non–contractually specified risk component is
larger than the interest carry on the contract itself.
For the financial year ended December 31, 2024, the application of the EU carve-out version of IAS 39 had a negative
impact of € 1.4 billion on profit before tax and of € 976 million on profit after tax. For the financial year ended December
31, 2023, the application of the EU carve-out had a negative impact of € 2.3 billion on profit before taxes and of
€ 1.6 billion million on profit post taxes.
The Group’s regulatory capital and ratios thereof are also reported on the basis of the EU carve-out version of IAS 39. The
impact on total equity also impacts the calculation of the CET1 capital ratio. For the financial year ended December 31,
2024, application of the EU carve-out had a negative impact on the CET1 capital ratio of about 68 basis points and a
negative impact of about 43 basis points for the financial year ended December 31, 2023.
IFRS 7 disclosures (including climate risk related disclosures)
Disclosures about the nature and the extent of risks arising from financial instruments as required by IFRS 7, “Financial
Instruments: Disclosures” are set forth in the Risk Report section of the Combined Management Report and are an integral
part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

392

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Disclosures on climate related risk can be found in the section, “Risk and Capital Management”, chapter “Enterprise Risk
Management“ (Environmental, Social and Governance Risk) as well as in the section “Risk and Capital Performance”,
chapter “Credit Risk Exposure” (Focus Areas 2024) in the Risk Report. The Group is exposed to environmental, social and
governance (ESG) risk. The following are examples of how such risk may impact the financial results of the Group:
– Increases in the frequency and severity of climate events could impact client ability to service principal and interest
payments under instruments subject to IFRS 9.
– Failure to comply with environmental and social legislation may impact client ability to generate sustainable returns to
service their loans.
– If in the future clients do not hold sufficient insurance for physical assets against certain risks (e.g., flooding), this may
impact the value of collateral held against certain type of loans.
The Group considers such ESG risk as part of the credit risk assessment and due diligence process before relevant clients
are granted credit. The Group also manages its credit portfolio within the established risk appetite and limits. Further
accounting considerations, including risk consideration, for ESG indexed loans can be found in the section “Financial
assets” in the description of the material accounting policies below.
These audited disclosures are marked in light blue in the Risk Report.
As of January 1, 2024, the Group discontinued its disclosure relating to exposures to Russia and the impact on allowance
for credit losses as a result of the war in Ukraine. The Group continues to monitor its risks related to Russia as part of its
regular risk management activities and enhanced governance oversight in place.
Since the beginning of the fourth quarter 2023, High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA, as defined in the Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2015/61) is a key limit per the Group’s liquidity risk appetite, replacing the previously reported Liquidity
Reserve. HQLA comprise available cash and cash equivalents and unencumbered high quality liquid securities (including
government and government guaranteed bonds), representing the most readily available and most important
countermeasure in a stress event. Accordingly, the Group discontinued the disclosure of Liquidity Reserves from 2024
onwards.

Critical accounting estimates
The preparation of financial statements under IFRS requires management to make estimates and assumptions for certain
categories of assets and liabilities. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from management’s estimates. The Group’s material
accounting policies are described in “Material Accounting Policies”.
Certain of the Group’s accounting policies require critical accounting estimates that involve complex and subjective
judgments and the use of assumptions, some of which may be for matters that are inherently uncertain and susceptible to
change. Such critical accounting estimates could change from period to period and may have a material impact on the
Group’s financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations. Critical accounting estimates could also
involve estimates where management could have reasonably used another estimate in the current accounting period. The
Group has identified the following material accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates:
– The impairment of loans and provisions for off-balance sheet positions (see “Impairment of Loans and Provision for Offbalance Sheet Positions” below)
– The impairment of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (see “Impairment of Loans and
Provision for Off-balance Sheet Positions” below)
– The determination of fair value (see “Determination of Fair Value” below)
– The recognition of trade date profit (see “Recognition of Trade Date Profit” below)
– The impairment of goodwill and other intangibles (see “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” below)
– The recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets (see “Income Taxes” below)
– The accounting for legal and regulatory contingencies and uncertain tax positions (see “Provisions” below)

Material accounting policies
The following is a description of the significant accounting policies of the Group. Except for the changes in accounting
policies and changes in accounting estimates described previously and noted below these policies have been consistently
applied for 2022, 2023 and 2024.

393

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Principles of consolidation
The financial information in the Consolidated Financial Statements includes the parent company, Deutsche Bank AG,
together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including certain structured entities presented as a single economic unit.

Subsidiaries
The Group’s subsidiaries are those entities which it directly or indirectly controls. Control over an entity is evidenced by
the Group’s ability to exercise its power in order to affect any variable returns that the Group is exposed to through its
involvement with the entity.
The Group sponsors the formation of structured entities and interacts with structured entities sponsored by third parties
for a variety of reasons, including allowing clients to hold investments in separate legal entities, allowing clients to invest
jointly in alternative assets, for asset securitization transactions, and for buying or selling credit protection.
When assessing whether to consolidate an entity, the Group evaluates a range of control factors, namely:
–
–
–
–
–

Purpose and design of the entity
Relevant activities and how these are determined
Whether the Group’s rights result in the ability to direct the relevant activities
Whether the Group has exposure or rights to variable returns
Whether the Group has the ability to use its power to affect the amount of its returns

Where voting rights are relevant, the Group is deemed to have control where it holds, directly or indirectly, more than half
of the voting rights over an entity unless there is evidence that another investor has the practical ability to unilaterally
direct the relevant activities.
Potential voting rights that are deemed to be substantive are also considered when assessing control.
Likewise, the Group also assesses existence of control where it does not control the majority of the voting power but has
the practical ability to unilaterally direct the relevant activities. This may arise in circumstances where the size and
dispersion of holdings of the shareholders give the Group the power to direct the activities of the investee.

Associates
Investments in associates are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. An associate is an entity in which the
Group has significant influence, but not a controlling interest, over the operating and financial management policy
decisions of the entity. Significant influence is generally presumed when the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the
voting rights. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are
considered in assessing whether the Group has significant influence. Among the other factors that are considered in
determining whether the Group has significant influence are representation on the board of directors (supervisory board
in the case of German stock corporations) and material intercompany transactions. The existence of these factors could
require the application of the equity method of accounting for a particular investment even though the Group’s investment
is less than 20% of the voting stock.
Under the equity method of accounting, the Group’s investments in associates and jointly controlled entities are initially
recorded at cost including any directly related transaction costs incurred in acquiring the associate, and subsequently
increased (or decreased) to reflect both the Group’s pro-rata share of the post-acquisition net income (or loss) of the
associate or jointly controlled entity and other movements included directly in the equity of the associate or jointly
controlled entity. The Group’s share of the results of associates is adjusted to conform to the accounting policies of the
Group and is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income as Net income (loss) from equity method investments.
If there is objective evidence of impairment, an impairment test is performed by comparing the investment’s recoverable
amount, which is the higher of its value in use and fair value less costs to sell, with its carrying amount.

394

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Foreign currency translation
The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in Euro, which is the presentation currency of the Group. Various
entities in the Group use a different functional currency, being the currency of the primary economic environment in which
the entity operates.
An entity records foreign currency revenues, expenses, gains and losses in its functional currency using the exchange rates
prevailing at the dates of recognition.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency are translated at the
period end closing rate. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the translation and settlement of these items
are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss in order to align the translation amounts with those recognized from foreign currency related
transactions (derivatives) which hedge these monetary assets and liabilities.
Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost are translated using the historical exchange rate at the date of
the transaction. Translation differences on non-monetary items which are held at fair value through profit or loss are
recognized in profit or loss.
For purposes of translation into the presentation currency, assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated at the
period end closing rate and items of income and expense are translated into euros at the rates prevailing on the dates of
the transactions, or average rates of exchange where these approximate actual rates. The exchange differences arising on
the translation of a foreign operation are included in other comprehensive income. For foreign operations that are
subsidiaries, the amount of exchange differences attributable to any noncontrolling interests is recognized in
noncontrolling interests.
Upon disposal of a foreign subsidiary and associate (which results in loss of control or significant influence over that
operation) the total cumulative exchange differences recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
or loss.
Upon partial disposal of a foreign operation that is a subsidiary and which does not result in loss of control, the
proportionate share of cumulative exchange differences is reclassified from other comprehensive income to
noncontrolling interests as this is deemed a transaction with equity holders. For a partial disposal of an associate which
does not result in a loss of significant influence, the proportionate share of cumulative exchange differences is reclassified
from other comprehensive income to profit or loss.

Interest, commissions and fees
Net interest income – Interest income and expense from all interest-bearing assets and liabilities is recognized as net
interest income using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate (EIR) is a method of calculating the
amortized cost of a financial asset or a financial liability and of allocating the interest income or expense over the relevant
period using the estimated future cash flows.
The estimated future cash flows used in the EIR calculation include those determined by all of the contractual terms of
the asset or liability, all fees (including commissions) that are considered to be integral to the effective interest rate, direct
and incremental transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts. However, if the financial instrument is carried at
fair value through profit or loss, any associated fees are recognized in trading income when the instrument is initially
recognized, provided there are no significant unobservable inputs used in determining its fair value.
If a financial asset is credit-impaired, interest revenue is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized
cost amount. The amortized cost amount of a financial asset is the gross carrying amount of a financial asset after adjusting
for any impairment allowance. For assets which are initially recognized as purchased or credit-impaired, interest revenue
is calculated through the use of a credit-adjusted effective interest rate which takes into consideration expected credit
losses.
The Group presents negative interest paid on interest-bearing assets as interest expense, and interest revenue received
from interest-bearing liabilities as interest income.
The Group presents interest income and expense calculated using the EIR method separately in the Group’s consolidated
statement of income.

395

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Commissions and fee income –The Group applies the IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” five-step revenue
recognition model to the recognition of Commissions and Fee Income, under which income must be recognized when
control of goods and services is transferred, hence the contractual performance obligations to the customer have been
satisfied.
Accordingly, after a contract with a customer has been identified in the first step, the second step is to identify the
performance obligation – or a series of distinct performance obligations – provided to the customer. The Group must
examine whether the service is capable of being distinct and is actually distinct within the context of the contract. A
promised service is distinct if the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources
that are readily available to the customer, and the promise to transfer the service to the customer is separately identifiable
from other promises in the contract. The amount of income is measured on the basis of the contractually agreed
transaction price for the performance obligation defined in the contract. If a contract includes a variable consideration,
the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised
goods or services to a customer. Income is recognized in profit and loss when the identified performance obligation has
been satisfied. The Group does not present information about its remaining performance obligations if it is part of a
contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.
The Group determines the stand-alone selling price at contract inception of a distinct service underlying each performance
obligation in the contract and allocates the transaction price in proportion to those stand-alone selling prices. The standalone selling price is the price at which Deutsche Bank would sell a promised service separately to a customer on an
unbundled basis. The best evidence of a stand-alone selling price is the observable price of a service when the Group sells
that service separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. If the Group does not sell the service to a
customer separately, it estimates the stand-alone selling price at an amount using a suitable method, for example, in loan
syndication transactions the Group applies the requirements for recognition of trade day profit and considers the price at
which other market participants provide the same service on an unbundled basis. As such when estimating a stand-alone
selling price, the Group considers all information (including market conditions) that is reasonably available to it. In doing
so, the Group maximizes the use of observable inputs and applies estimation methods consistently in similar
circumstances.
The Group provides asset management services that give rise to asset management and performance fees and constitute
a single performance obligation. The asset management and performance fee components are variable considerations
such that at each reporting date the Group estimates the fee amount to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring
the promised services to the customer. The benefits arising from the asset management services are simultaneously
received and consumed by the customer over time. The Group recognizes revenue over time by measuring the progress
towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation, subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it
is highly probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not. For the
management fee component this is the end of the monthly or quarterly service period. For performance fees this date is
when any uncertainty related to the performance component has been fully removed.
Loan commitment fees related to commitments that are accounted for off balance sheet are recognized in commissions
and fee income over the life of the commitment if it is unlikely that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement.
If it is probable that the Group will enter into a specific lending arrangement, the loan commitment fee is deferred until
the origination of a loan and recognized as an adjustment to the loan’s effective interest rate.
Commissions and Fee Income predominantly earned from services that are received and consumed by the customer over
time: Administration, assets under management, foreign commercial business, loan processing and guarantees sundry
other customer services. The Group recognizes revenue from these services over time by measuring the progress towards
complete satisfaction of that performance obligation, subject to the removal of any uncertainty as to whether it is highly
probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative amount of revenue recognized would occur or not.
Commissions and Fee Income predominantly earned from providing services at a point in time or transaction-type services
include other securities, underwriting and advisory fees, brokerage fees, local payments, foreign currency/exchange
business and intermediary fees.
Expenses that are directly related and incremental to the generation of Commissions and Fee Income are presented net in
Commissions and Fee Income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. This includes income and associated expense
where the Group contractually owns the performance obligation (i.e. as Principal) in relation to the service that gives rise
to the revenue and associated expense. In contrast, it does not include situations where the Group does not contractually
own the performance obligation and is acting as agent. The determination of whether the Group is acting as principal or
agent is based on the contractual terms of the underlying service arrangement. The gross Commissions and Fee Income
and Expense amounts are disclosed in “Note 6 – Commissions and Fee Income”.

396

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Financial assets
The Group classifies financial assets in line with the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9, where financial
assets are classified based on both the business model used for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash
flow characteristics of the financial asset (known as Solely Payments of Principal and Interest or “SPPI”). There are three
business models available:
– Hold to Collect - Financial assets held with the objective to collect contractual cash flows. They are subsequently
measured at amortized cost and are recorded in multiple lines on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet.
– Hold to Collect and Sell - Financial assets held with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets. They are recorded as Financial assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income on the
Group’s consolidated balance sheet.
– Other - Financial assets that do not meet the criteria of either “Hold to Collect” or “Hold to Collect and Sell”. They are
recorded as Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet.
The assessment of business model requires judgment based on facts and circumstances upon initial recognition. As part
of this assessment, the Group considers quantitative factors (e.g., the expected frequency and volume of sales) and
qualitative factors such as how the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business
model are evaluated and reported to the Group’s key management personnel. In addition to taking into consideration the
risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model, in
particular, the way in which those market and credit risks are managed; and how managers of the business are
compensated (e.g., whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash
flows collected). This assessment results in an asset being classified in either a Hold to Collect, Hold to Collect and Sell or
Other business model.
If the Group holds a financial asset either in a Hold to Collect or a Hold to Collect and Sell business model, then an
assessment at initial recognition to determine whether the contractual cash flows of the financial asset are Solely
Payments of Principal and Interest on the principal amount outstanding is required to determine the financial asset
classification. Contractual cash flows, that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding, are consistent with a basic
lending arrangement. Interest in a basic lending arrangement is consideration for the time value of money and the credit
risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time. It can also include consideration
for other basic lending risks (e.g., liquidity risk) and costs (e.g., administrative costs) associated with holding the financial
asset for a particular period of time; and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Where cash
flows can change over time due to contingent events, such as terms where the margin on a loan adjusts depending on the
performance of the borrower on certain contractual ESG metrics, the contingent event and cash flows are assessed to
determine if the instrument cash flows are SPPI. The nature of the contingent event and the size of the possible change in
cash flows are taken into account in this assessment on an absolute and relative basis compared to the overall coupon.
Additionally, as part of the SPPI assessment where the lending is non-recourse in nature then further assessment is made
to determine if the cash flows are consistent with SPPI which is dependent on the nature of the underlyings, the level of
subordination and the contractual cash flows of the instrument held. The Group originates and purchases debt instruments
from entities issuing multiple tranches of debt. Where these instruments meet the definition of a contractually linked
instruments then further analysis is performed on the cash flows and credit risk exposure of the instrument held as well as
the underlying collateral held at purchase and can be held in the future.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets are classified at fair value through profit or loss if they are held in the Other business model because they
are either held for trading or because they do not meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell. In
addition, it includes financial assets that meet the criteria for Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business model,
but the financial asset fails SPPI or where the Group designated the financial assets under the fair value option.
Financial assets classified as Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with realized and
unrealized gains and losses included in Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
Interest on interest earning assets such as trading loans and debt securities and dividends on equity instruments are
presented in Interest and Similar Income.
The Group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at fair value through profit or loss.

397

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Trading assets – Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they have been originated, acquired or incurred
principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing them in the near term, or they form part of a portfolio of identified
financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term
profit-taking. Trading assets include debt and equity securities, derivatives held for trading purposes, and trading loans.
This also includes loan commitments that are allocated to the Other business model and that are presented as derivatives
held for trading.
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss –The Group assigns any non-trading financial
asset that does not fall into the Hold to Collect nor Hold to Collect and Sell business models into the Other business model
and classifies them as Non-Trading Financial Assets mandatory at Fair Value through Profit and Loss. This includes
predominately reverse repurchase agreements which are managed on a fair value basis. Additionally, any financial asset
that falls into the Hold to Collect or Hold to Collect and Sell business models for which the contractual cash flow
characteristics are not SPPI is classified by the Group as Non-Trading Financial Assets Mandatory at Fair Value through
Profit and Loss.
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss – Certain financial assets that would otherwise be measured
subsequently at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, may be designated at Fair Value
through Profit or Loss if the designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency.
The Group allows the fair value option to be designated only for those financial instruments for which a reliable estimate
of fair value can be obtained.

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
A financial asset shall be classified and measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (“FVOCI”), if the
financial asset is held in a Hold to Collect and Sell business model and the contractual cash flows are SPPI, unless
designated under the fair value option.
The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are recorded in net interest income. Realized gains and losses
are reported in net gains (losses) on financial assets at FVOCI. Generally, the weighted-average cost method is used to
determine the cost of FVOCI financial assets.
The Group applies trade date accounting to financial assets classified at FVOCI.
It is possible to designate non-trading equity instruments as FVOCI. However, this category is expected to have limited
usage by the Group and has not been used to date.

Financial assets at amortized cost
A financial asset is classified and subsequently measured at amortized cost if the financial asset is held in a Hold to Collect
business model and the contractual cash flows are SPPI.
Under this measurement category, the financial asset is measured at fair value at initial recognition. Subsequently the
carrying amount is reduced for principal payments, plus or minus the cumulative amortization using the effective interest
method. The financial asset is assessed for impairment under the IFRS 9 expected credit loss model where provisions are
recognized based on expectations of potential credit losses. The Group’s impairment of financial instruments policy is
described further in the section “Impairment of Loans and Provision for Off-Balance Sheet Positions (IFRS 9)”. The Group
applies settlement date accounting to financial assets measured at amortized cost.
Financial Assets at amortized cost include predominately Loans at amortized cost, Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements, Securities borrowed and certain receivables presented in Other Assets.

398

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Modification of financial assets and financial liabilities
When the terms of a financial asset are renegotiated or modified and the modification does not result in derecognition, a
gain or loss is recognized in the income statement as the difference between the original contractual cash flows and the
modified cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. The modified financial asset will continue to accrue
interest at its original EIR. When a modification results in derecognition the original instrument is derecognized and the
new instrument recognized at fair value.
Non-credit related or commercial renegotiations where an obligor has not experienced a significant increase in credit risk
since origination and has a readily exercisable right to early terminate the financial asset results in derecognition of the
original agreement and recognition of a new financial asset based on the newly negotiated commercial terms.
For credit related modifications (i.e. those modifications due to significant increase in credit risk since inception) or those
where the obligor does not have the readily exercisable right to early terminate, the Group assesses whether the modified
terms result in the financial asset being significantly modified and therefore derecognized. This assessment includes a
quantitative assessment of the impact of the change in cash flows from the modification of contractual terms and
additionally, where necessary, a qualitative assessment of the impact of the change in the contractual terms. Where these
modifications are not concluded to be significant, the financial asset is not derecognized and is accounted for as a
modification as described above.
If the changes are concluded to be significant, the old instrument is derecognized and a new instrument recognized. The
Group then recognizes a credit loss allowance based on 12-month expected credit losses. However, if following a
modification that results in a derecognition of the original financial asset, there is evidence that the new financial asset is
credit-impaired on initial recognition; then the new financial asset should be recognized as an originated credit-impaired
financial asset and initially classified in Stage 3 (refer to section “Impairment of Loans and Provision for Off-Balance Sheet
Positions” below).
When the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated or modified then the Group assesses whether the modified terms
result in the financial liability being significantly modified and therefore derecognized. This assessment includes a
quantitative assessment of the impact of the change in cash flows from the modification of contractual terms and
additionally, where necessary, a qualitative assessment of the impact of the change in the contractual terms. Where these
modifications are not concluded to be significant, the financial liability is not derecognized and a gain or loss is recognized
in the income statement as the difference between the original contractual cash flows and the modified cash flows
discounted at the original effective interest rate. Where there is derecognition the original financial liability is derecognized
and the new liability recognized at its fair value.

Loan commitments
Loan commitments remain off-balance sheet, unless allocated to the Other business model and presented as derivatives
held for trading. The Group does not recognize and measure changes in fair value of off-balance sheet loan commitments
that result from changes in market interest rates or credit spreads. However, as specified in the sections “Impairment of
Loans and Provision for Off-Balance Sheet Positions” below, these off-balance sheet loan commitments are in scope of
the IFRS 9 impairment model.

399

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Financial liabilities
Under IFRS 9 financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, except for financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include Trading Liabilities, Financial Liabilities Designated at Fair
Value through Profit or Loss and Non-Participating Investment Contracts (“Investment Contracts”). Under IFRS 9 they are
carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in net gains (losses) on financial assets and
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. For financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss the fair
value movements attributable to the Group’s own credit component for fair value movements is recognized in Other
Comprehensive Income.
The Group applies trade date accounting to financial liabilities classified at fair value through profit or loss.
Interest on interest paying liabilities are presented in interest expense for financial instruments at fair value through profit
or loss.
Trading liabilities - Financial liabilities that arise from debt issued are classified as held for trading if they have been
originated or incurred principally for the purpose of repurchasing them in the near term. Trading liabilities consist primarily
of derivative liabilities (including certain loan commitments) and short positions. This also includes loan commitments
where the resulting loan upon funding is allocated to the other business model such that the undrawn loan commitment
is classified as derivatives held for trading.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss - Certain financial liabilities that do not meet the definition
of trading liabilities are designated at fair value through profit or loss using the fair value option. To be designated at fair
value through profit or loss, financial liabilities must meet one of the following criteria: (1) the designation eliminates or
significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency; (2) a group of financial liabilities is managed and its
performance is evaluated on a fair value basis in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy;
or (3) the instrument contains one or more embedded derivatives unless: (a) the embedded derivative does not significantly
modify the cash flows that otherwise would be required by the contract; or (b) it is clear with little or no analysis that
separation is prohibited. In addition, the Group allows the fair value option to be designated only for those financial
instruments for which a reliable estimate of fair value can be obtained. Financial liabilities which are designated at fair
value through profit or loss, under the fair value option, include repurchase agreements, loan commitments and structured
note liabilities.
Investment contracts - All of the Group’s investment contracts are unit-linked contracts that match specific assets held
by the Group. The contracts oblige the Group to use these assets to settle investment contract liabilities. They do not
contain significant insurance risk or discretionary participation features. The contract liabilities are determined using
current unit prices multiplied by the number of units attributed to the contract holders as of the balance sheet date. As
this amount represents fair value, the liabilities have been classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss. Deposits collected under investment contracts are accounted for as an adjustment to the investment contract
liabilities. Investment income attributable to investment contracts is included in the consolidated statement of Income.
Investment contract claims reflect the excess of amounts paid over the account balance released. Investment contract
policyholders are charged fees for policy administration, investment management, surrenders or other contract services.

Embedded derivatives
Some hybrid financial liability contracts contain both a derivative and a non-derivative component. In such cases, the
derivative component is termed an embedded derivative, with the non-derivative component representing the host
financial liability contract. If the economic characteristics and risks of embedded derivatives are not closely related to
those of the host financial liability contract and the hybrid financial liability contract itself is not carried at fair value
through profit or loss, the embedded derivative is bifurcated and reported at fair value, with gains and losses recognized
in net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The host financial liability contract will
continue to be accounted for in accordance with the appropriate accounting standard. The carrying amount of an
embedded derivative is reported in the same Consolidated balance sheet line item as the host financial liability contract.
Certain hybrid financial liability instruments have been designated at fair value through profit or loss using the fair value
option.

400

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost include long-term and short-term debt issued which are initially measured
at fair value, which is the consideration received, net of transaction costs incurred. Repurchases of issued debt in the
market are treated as extinguishments and any related gain or loss is recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
A subsequent sale of own bonds in the market is treated as a reissuance of debt. The Group applies settlement date
accounting to financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.

Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset, with the net amount presented in the Consolidated balance sheet, only if the
Group holds a currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a
net basis or to realize an asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legal right to set off the recognized amounts
must be enforceable in both the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of both
the Group and its counterparty. In all other situations they are presented gross. When financial assets and financial
liabilities are offset in the Consolidated balance sheet, the associated income and expense items will also be offset in the
Consolidated Statement of Income, unless specifically prohibited by an applicable accounting standard.
The majority of the offsetting applied by the Group relates to repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. For further
information please refer to Note 17 “Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities”.

Determination of fair value
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an arm’s length
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of instruments that are quoted in active
markets is determined using the quoted prices where they represent those at which regularly and recently occurring
transactions take place.
The Group measures certain portfolios of financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of their net risk exposures
when the following criteria are met:
– The group of financial assets and liabilities is managed on the basis of its net exposure to a particular market risk (or
risks) or to the credit risk of a particular counterparty, in accordance with a documented risk management strategy,
– The fair values are provided to key management personnel, and
– The financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
This portfolio valuation approach is consistent with how the Group manages its net exposures to market and counterparty
credit risks.
Critical accounting estimates – The Group uses valuation techniques to establish the fair value of instruments where prices
quoted in active markets are not available. Therefore, where possible, parameter inputs to the valuation techniques are
based on observable data derived from prices of relevant instruments traded in an active market. These valuation
techniques involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which will depend on the price
transparency for the instrument or market and the instrument’s complexity.
In reaching estimates of fair value management judgment needs to be exercised. The areas requiring significant
management judgment are identified, documented and reported to senior management as part of the valuation control
process and the standard monthly reporting cycle. The specialist model validation and valuation control groups focus
attention on the areas of subjectivity and judgment.
The level of management judgment required in establishing fair value of financial instruments for which there is a quoted
price in an active market is usually minimal. Similarly, there is little subjectivity or judgment required for instruments valued
using valuation models which are standard across the industry and where all parameter inputs are quoted in active markets.

401

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

The level of subjectivity and degree of management judgment required is more significant for those instruments valued
using specialized and sophisticated models and where some or all of the parameter inputs are less liquid or less observable.
Management judgment is required in the selection and application of appropriate parameters, assumptions and modelling
techniques. In particular, where data are obtained from infrequent market transactions then extrapolation and
interpolation techniques must be applied. Where no market data are available for a particular instrument then pricing
inputs are determined by assessing other relevant sources of information such as historical data, fundamental analysis of
the economics of the transaction and proxy information from similar transactions and making appropriate adjustment to
reflect the actual instrument being valued and current market conditions. Where different valuation techniques indicate a
range of possible fair values for an instrument then management has to decide what point within the range of estimates
appropriately represents the fair value. Further, some valuation adjustments may require the exercise of management
judgment to achieve fair value.
Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value are required to be disclosed according to the inputs to the valuation
method that are used to determine their fair value. Specifically, segmentation is required between those valued using
quoted market prices in an active market (level 1), valuation techniques based on observable parameters (level 2) and
valuation techniques using significant unobservable parameters (level 3). Management judgment is required in
determining the category to which certain instruments should be allocated. This specifically arises when the valuation is
determined by a number of parameters, some of which are observable and others are not. Further, the classification of an
instrument can change over time to reflect changes in market liquidity and therefore price transparency.
The Group provides a sensitivity analysis of the impact upon the level 3 financial instruments of using a reasonably possible
alternative for the unobservable parameter. The determination of reasonably possible alternatives requires significant
management judgment.
For financial instruments measured at amortized cost (which include loans, deposits and short and long term debt issued)
the Group discloses the fair value. Generally, there is limited or no trading activity in these instruments and therefore the
fair value determination requires significant management judgment.
For further discussion of the valuation methods and controls and quantitative disclosures with respect to the
determination of fair value, please refer to Note 13 “Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value” and Note 14 “Fair Value of
Financial Instruments not carried at Fair Value”.

Recognition of trade date profit
Trade date profit is recognized if the fair value of the financial instrument measured at fair value through profit or loss is
obtained from a quoted market price in an active market, or otherwise evidenced by comparison to other observable
current market transactions or based on a valuation technique incorporating observable market data. If there are
significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique, the financial instrument is recognized at the transaction
price and any profit implied from the valuation technique at trade date is deferred.
Using systematic methods, the deferred amount is recognized over the period between trade date and the date when the
market is expected to become observable, or over the life of the trade (whichever is shorter). Such methodology is used
because it reflects the changing economic and risk profile of the instrument as the market develops or as the instrument
itself progresses to maturity. Any remaining trade date deferred profit is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of
Income when the transaction becomes observable.
Critical Accounting Estimates – Management judgment is required in determining whether there exist significant
unobservable inputs in the valuation technique of the underlying financial instrument (refer to section “Determination of
Fair Value” for management judgment required in establishing fair value of financial instruments). Once deferred, the
decision to subsequently recognize the trade date profit requires a careful assessment of the then current facts and
circumstances supporting observability of parameters and/or risk mitigation.

Derivatives and hedge accounting
Derivatives are used to manage exposures to interest rate, foreign currency, credit and other market price risks, including
exposures arising from forecast transactions. All freestanding contracts that are considered derivatives for accounting
purposes are carried at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheet regardless of whether they are held for trading or
non-trading purposes.
The changes in fair value on derivatives held for trading are included in net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at
fair value through profit or loss.

402

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Hedge accounting
IFRS 9 includes an accounting policy choice to defer the adoption of IFRS 9 hedge accounting and to continue with IAS 39
hedge accounting. The Group decided to exercise this accounting policy choice and did not adopt IFRS 9 hedge
accounting as of January 1, 2018. The Group applies fair value hedge accounting for portfolio hedges of interest rate risk
(fair value macro hedges) in accordance with the EU carve-out version of IAS 39. Under the EU IAS 39 carve-out, fair value
macro hedge accounting may be applied to core deposits and hedge ineffectiveness for all fair value macro hedge
accounting applications is only recognized when the revised estimate of the amount of cash flows in scheduled time
buckets falls below the original designated amount of that bucket and is not recognized when the revised amount of cash
flows in scheduled time buckets is more than the original designated amount.
For accounting purposes, the Group applies the following types of hedges:
– For hedges of changes in fair value, the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset, liability or unrecognized firm
commitment, or a portion thereof, attributable to the risk being hedged, are recognized in the Consolidated Statement
of Income along with changes in the entire fair value of the derivative. When hedging interest rate risk, any interest
accrued or paid on both the derivative and the hedged item is reported in interest income or expense and the unrealized
gains and losses from the hedge accounting fair value adjustments are reported in other revenue. Hedge ineffectiveness
is reported in other revenue and is measured as the net effect of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument
and changes in the fair value of the hedged item arising from changes in the market rate or price related to the risk(s)
being hedged.
If a fair value hedge of a debt instrument is discontinued prior to the instrument’s maturity because the derivative is
terminated or the relationship is de-designated, any remaining interest rate-related fair value adjustments made to the
carrying amount of the debt instrument (basis adjustments) are amortized to interest income or expense over the
remaining term of the original hedging relationship. For other types of fair value adjustments and whenever a fair value
hedged asset or liability is sold or otherwise derecognized, any basis adjustments are included in the calculation of the
gain or loss on derecognition.
– For hedges of variability in future cash flows, there is no change to the accounting for the hedged item and the
derivative is carried at fair value, with changes in value reported initially in other comprehensive income to the extent
the hedge is effective. These amounts initially recorded in other comprehensive income are subsequently reclassified
into the Consolidated Statement of Income in the same periods during which the forecast transaction affects the
Consolidated Statement of Income. Thus, for hedges of interest rate risk, the amounts are amortized into interest
income or expense at the same time as the interest is accrued on the hedged transaction.
Hedge ineffectiveness is recorded in other income and is measured as changes in the excess (if any) in the absolute
cumulative change in fair value of the actual hedging derivative over the absolute cumulative change in the fair value
of the hypothetically perfect hedge.
When hedges of variability in cash flows attributable to interest rate risk are discontinued, amounts remaining in
accumulated other comprehensive income are amortized to interest income or expense over the remaining life of the
original hedge relationship, unless the hedged transaction is no longer expected to occur in which case the amount will
be reclassified into other income immediately. When hedges of variability in cash flows attributable to other risks are
discontinued, the related amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified into either the same
Consolidated Statement of Income caption and period as profit or loss from the forecast transaction, or into other
income when the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur.
– For hedges of the translation adjustments resulting from translating the functional currency financial statements of
foreign operations (hedges of net investments in foreign operations) into the functional currency of the parent, the
portion of the change in fair value of the derivative due to changes in the spot foreign exchange rates is recorded as a
foreign currency translation adjustment in other comprehensive income to the extent the hedge is effective; the
remainder is recorded as other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Changes in fair value of the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge are subsequently recognized
in profit or loss on disposal of the foreign operations.
Hedging derivatives are reported as other assets and other liabilities. In the event that a derivative is subsequently dedesignated from a hedging relationship, it is transferred to financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.

403

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Impairment of loans and provision for off-balance sheet positions
The impairment requirements of IFRS 9 apply to all credit exposures that are measured at amortized cost or FVOCI, and to
off balance sheet lending commitments such as loan commitments and financial guarantees. For purposes of the
impairment policy below, these instruments are referred to as (“Financial Assets”)
The determination of impairment losses under IFRS 9 uses an expected credit loss (“ECL”) model, where allowances are
taken upon initial recognition of the Financial Asset, based on expectations of potential credit losses at the time of initial
recognition.

Staged approach to the determination of expected credit losses
IFRS 9 states a three-stage approach to impairment for Financial Assets that are not credit-impaired at the date of
origination or purchase. This approach is summarized as follows:
– Stage 1: The Group recognizes a credit loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses for all
Financial Assets. This represents the portion of lifetime expected credit losses from default events that are expected
within 12 months of the reporting date, assuming that credit risk has not increased significantly after initial recognition.
– Stage 2: The Group recognizes a credit loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses for those
Financial Assets which are considered to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
This requires the determination of the ECL based on lifetime probability of default, lifetime loss given default and
lifetime exposure at default that represents the probability of default occurring over the remaining lifetime of the
Financial Asset. Allowance for credit losses are higher in this stage because of an increase in credit risk since origination
or purchase and the impact of a longer time horizon being considered compared to 12 months in Stage 1.
– Stage 3: The Group recognizes a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, reflecting a
Probability of Default of 100%, via the expected recoverable cash flows for the asset, for those Financial Assets that are
credit-impaired. The Group’s definition of default is aligned with the regulatory definition of default. Financial Assets
that are credit-impaired upon initial recognition are categorized within Stage 3 with a carrying value already reflecting
the lifetime expected credit losses. The accounting treatment for these purchased or originated credit-impaired
(“POCI”) assets is discussed further below.
ECL are calculated using three main parameters: probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at
default (EAD). These parameters are generally derived from internally developed statistical models combined with
historical, current and forward-looking information, including macro-economic data. The 12-month and lifetime PD
represent the expected point-in-time probability of a default over the next 12 months and remaining expected lifetime of
the financial instrument, respectively, based on conditions existing at the balance sheet date and future economic
conditions that affect credit risk. The LGD represents expected loss conditional on default, incorporating the mitigating
effect of collateral, its expected value when realized and the time value of money. The EAD represents the expected
exposure at default, factoring in the repayment of principal and interest from the balance sheet date to the default event
together with any expected drawdown of a facility.
Forward-Looking Information is incorporated into the measurement of the Group Allowance for Credit Losses in terms of
adjustments to multi-year PD curves based on macro-economic forecasts.
The Group’s ECL model is used to calculate the allowance for credit losses for all financial assets in Stage 1 and Stage 2,
as well as for Stage 3 in the homogeneous portfolio (i.e. retail and small business loans with similar credit risk
characteristics). For financial assets in the bank’s non-homogeneous portfolio in Stage 3 and for POCI assets, the allowance
for credit losses is determined individually by credit officers.
Significant increase in credit risk
When determining whether the credit risk (i.e., risk of default) of a Financial Asset has increased significantly since initial
recognition, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost
or effort. This includes quantitative and qualitative information based on the Group’s historical experience, credit risk
assessment and forward-looking information (including macro-economic factors). The assessment of significant credit
deterioration is key in determining when to move from measuring an allowance based on 12-month ECLs to one that is
based on lifetime ECLs (i.e., transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2).

404

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

The Group’s framework for determining if there has been a significant increase in credit risk aligns with the internal Credit
Risk Management (“CRM”) process and utilizes:
– Rating related indicators – based on a model that compares lifetime probability of default (PD) at the reporting date
with the lifetime PD expectations at the date of initial recognition and subsequently applies a quantile approach to
determine a threshold to define the trigger point for a financial asset’s transition into Stage 2; and
– Process related indicators – which uses existing risk management indicators, that in Management’s view represent
situations where the credit risk of financial assets has significantly increased. These include obligors being added to a
credit watchlist, being mandatorily transferred to workout status, payments being 30 days or more past due or in
forbearance.
These indicators are discussed further in section “IFRS 9 Impairment Approach” in the Risk Report.
Credit-impaired financial assets in Stage 3
The Group has aligned its definition of credit-impaired under IFRS 9 to when a Financial Asset has defaulted for regulatory
purposes, according to the Capital Requirements Regulation under Art. 178.
The determination of whether a Financial Asset is credit-impaired and therefore in Stage 3 focusses exclusively on default
risk, without taking into consideration the effects of credit risk mitigants such as collateral or guarantees. Specifically, a
Financial Asset is credit-impaired and in Stage 3 when:
– The Group considers the obligor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group. Determination may include
forbearance actions, where a concession has been granted to the borrower or economic or legal reasons that are
qualitative indicators of credit-impairment; or
– Contractual payments of either principal or interest by the obligor are past due by more than 90 days.
For Financial Assets considered to be credit-impaired, the ECL allowance covers the amount of loss the Group is expected
to suffer. The estimation of ECLs is undertaken on a case-by-case basis for non-homogeneous portfolios, or by applying
portfolio based parameters to individual Financial Assets in these portfolios via the Group’s ECL model for homogeneous
portfolios. This estimate includes the use of discounted cash flows that are adjusted for scenarios.
Forecasts of future economic conditions when calculating ECLs are considered. The lifetime expected losses are estimated
based on the probability-weighted present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to the
Group under the contract; and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.
A Financial Asset can be classified as credit-impaired in Stage 3 but without an allowance for credit losses (i.e., no
impairment loss is expected). This may be due to the value of collateral. The Group’s engine based ECL calculation is
conducted on a monthly basis, whereas the case-by-case assessment of ECL in Stage 3 for non-homogeneous portfolio
has to be performed at least on a quarterly basis.
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets in Stage 3
A Financial Asset is considered purchased or originated credit-impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment at the
time of initial recognition. Such credit-impaired Financial Assets are termed POCI Financial Assets. POCI Financial Assets
are measured to reflect lifetime expected credit losses, and all subsequent changes in lifetime expected credit losses,
whether positive or negative, are recognized in the income statement as a component of the provision for credit losses.
POCI Financial Assets can only be classified in Stage 3 over the life of the Financial Asset.
Write-offs
The Group reduces the gross carrying amount of a Financial Asset when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
Write-offs can relate to a Financial Asset in its entirety, or to a portion of it, and constitute a derecognition event. The
Group considers all relevant information in making this determination, including but not limited to:
– Foreclosure actions taken by the Group which have not been successful or have a high probability of not being
successful
– Collateral liquidation which has not, or will not lead to further considerable recoveries
– Situations where no further recoveries are reasonably expected
Write-offs can take place before legal actions against the borrower to recover the debt have been concluded, and a writeoff does not involve the Group forfeiting its legal right to recover the debt.

405

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Interest rate used in the IFRS 9 model
In the context of the ECL calculation, the Group applies in line with IFRS 9 an approximation of the EIR, which is usually
the contractual interest rate (“CIR”) and which does not materially differ from the EIR. The CIR is deemed to be an
appropriate approximation, as the interest rate is consistently used in the ECL model, interest recognition and for
discounting of the ECL.

Collateral for financial assets considered in the impairment analysis
IFRS 9 requires cash flows expected from collateral and other credit enhancement to be reflected in the ECL calculation.
The following are key aspects with respect to collateral and guarantees:
– Eligibility of collateral, i.e. which collateral should be considered in the ECL calculation;
– Collateral evaluation, i.e. what collateral (liquidation) value should be used; and
– Projection of the available collateral amount over the life of a transaction.
These concepts are outlined in more detail in section “IFRS 9 Impairment Approach” in the Risk Report.
Critical accounting estimates – The accounting estimates and judgments related to the impairment of Financial Assets is
a critical accounting estimate because the underlying assumptions used can change from period to period and may
significantly affect the Group’s results of operations.
In assessing assets for impairments, management judgment is required, particularly in projecting forward looking
information and scenarios in particular in circumstances of economic and financial uncertainty, when developments and
changes to expected cash flows can occur both with greater rapidity and less predictability. The actual amount of the
future cash flows and their timing may differ from the estimates used by management and consequently may cause actual
losses to differ from reported allowances.
For those non-homogeneous loans in Stage 3 the determination of the impairment allowance often requires the use of
considerable judgment concerning such matters as local economic conditions, the financial performance of the
counterparty and the value of any collateral held, for which there may not be a readily accessible market.
The determination of the expected credit losses in Stages 1 and 2 and for homogeneous loans in Stage 3 is calculated
using the Group’s ECL model. The model incorporates numerous estimates and judgments. The Group performs a regular
review of the model and underlying data and assumptions. The probability of defaults, loss recovery rates and judgments
concerning ability of borrowers in foreign countries to transfer the foreign currency necessary to comply with debt
repayments, amongst other things, are incorporated into this review. Management judgement is required over the
following critical accounting estimates:
– Forward-Looking Information: The identification of key macro-economic variables (MEVs) reflects a balance of
quantitative and qualitative judgements. Statistical analysis, including for example, back-testing and model
sensitivities, are performed to assess the explanatory power of MEVs, while expert input from credit officers ensures
management comfort in the overall model behavior. The final model parameterization is based on a review and
challenge of impacts in internal governance forums and an independent validation performed by the Model Risk
Management function. Furthermore, conceptual soundness of the estimation approach is ensured by model testing
analysis prepared as part of model changes and an ongoing monitoring framework in order for the ECL provision to
reflect management’s best estimate in the calculation of expected credit losses.
– Significant Increase in Credit Risk: In line with the section “IFRS 9 Impairment Approach” in the Risk Report, the Group
uses rating-related indicators to determine whether a financial asset’s credit risk has significantly increased since
inception. For financial assets in non-homogeneous portfolios the ratings are determined for every counterparty
individually based on credit officer’s expert judgement. For financial assets in the homogeneous portfolios (due to the
large number of client relationships) the rating process is significantly automated with less judgement required by credit
officers on individual counterparties. For both homogeneous and non-homogenous portfolios the rating-related
indicators to determine whether the credit risk for a financial asset has significantly increased are based on a model that
compares lifetime PDs at the reporting date with the lifetime PD expectations at the date of initial recognition and
subsequently applying a quantile approach to determine a threshold which defines the trigger point for a financial
asset’s transition into Stage 2. The determination of the quantile to define Stage 2 thresholds are determined by subject
matter experts in the Group’s Risk function. This represents one of the key critical judgments in the Group’s IFRS 9
framework and is reviewed on an annual basis based on detailed stage-mover analyses, benchmarking with historical
behaviors and peer comparisons.

406

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

– Stage 3 Loss Given Default (LGD) Setting for Homogeneous Portfolios: The allowance for credit losses in Stage 3 is
determined for the Group’s homogeneous portfolios by an automated process based on partially time dependent LGDs
reflecting the lower recovery expectation the longer the client is in default, thereby differentiating between secured
and unsecured exposures. The LGDs are calibrated using the Group’s loss history built up over preceding decades,
experienced market prices of non-performing portfolios sold and expert judgement. In the case of less material
portfolios, the empirical calibration of the LGD is partially supported by expert credit officer judgements, especially for
determining the client cure rates as one of the key inputs. The LGD settings are validated on an annual basis and are
regularly reviewed by the Group’s independent model validation process which is part of the Model Risk Management
function.
– Model adjustments: The Group regularly reviews key inputs into the ECL calculation and discusses potential model
imprecision to assess the need for corrective measures in the form of overlays. Overlays are an essential output of
management judgment which feeds into the model. On a quarterly basis, a senior management forum discusses the
need for the recognition and/or the release of overlays. The discussion will be based on an overview of potential reasons
which might require an overlay considering specific trigger points. The ultimate decision for creating overlays is jointly
made by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief Risk Officer (CRO).
The quantitative disclosures are provided in Note 18 “Loans” and Note 19 “Allowance for credit losses” as well as the Risk
Report, section “IFRS 9 Impairment”, sub-section “Model Sensitivity”.

Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities
Financial asset derecognition
A financial asset is considered for derecognition when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
expire, or the Group has either transferred the contractual right to receive the cash flows from that asset or has assumed
an obligation to pay those cash flows to one or more recipients, subject to certain criteria.
The Group derecognizes a transferred financial asset if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
The Group enters into transactions in which it transfers previously recognized financial assets but retains substantially all
the associated risks and rewards of those assets; for example, a sale to a third party in which the Group enters into a
concurrent total return swap with the same counterparty. These types of transactions are accounted for as secured
financing transactions.

Derecognition of financial liabilities
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. If an
existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of the
existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original
liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the
Consolidated Statement of Income.
Certain OTC derivative contracts and most exchange-traded futures and option contracts cleared through central clearing
counterparties and exchanges have payment or receipt of variation margin on a daily basis that represents legal or
economic settlement of the outstanding derivative’s present value. This results in derecognition of the associated
derivative financial asset and financial liabilities.

Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements
Securities purchased under resale agreements (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase (“repurchase agreements”) are treated as collateralized financings and are recognized initially at fair value,
being the amount of cash disbursed and received, respectively.
The Group allocates reverse repurchase portfolios that are managed on a fair value basis to the other business model under
IFRS 9 and classifies them as “Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss”.
Interest earned on reverse repurchase agreements and interest incurred on repurchase agreements is reported as interest
income and interest expense, respectively.

407

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Securities borrowed and securities loaned
Securities borrowed transactions generally require the Group to deposit cash with the securities lender. In a securities
loaned transaction, the Group generally receives either cash collateral, in an amount equal to or in excess of the market
value of securities loaned, or securities.
The securities borrowed are not themselves recognized in the financial statements. If they are sold to third parties, the
obligation to return the securities is recorded as a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss and any subsequent
gain or loss is included in the Consolidated Statement of Income in net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss. Securities lent to counterparties are also retained on the Consolidated balance sheet.
The Group records the amount of cash advanced or received as securities borrowed and securities loaned, respectively, in
the Consolidated balance sheet.
Fees received or paid are reported in interest income and interest expense, respectively. Securities lent to counterparties
which are not derecognized from the Consolidated balance sheet and where the counterparty has the right by contract or
custom to sell or repledge the collateral are disclosed in Note 20 “Transfer of Financial Assets, Assets Pledged and
Received as Collateral”.

Goodwill and other intangible assets
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and associates and represents the excess of the aggregate of the cost of
an acquisition and any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired at
the date of the acquisition.
For the purpose of calculating goodwill, fair values of acquired assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities are determined
by reference to market values or by discounting expected future cash flows to present value. This discounting is either
performed using market rates or by using risk-free rates and risk-adjusted expected future cash flows. Any noncontrolling
interests in the acquiree are measured either at fair value or at the noncontrolling interests’ proportionate share of the
acquiree’s identifiable net assets (this is determined for each business combination).
Goodwill on the acquisition of subsidiaries is capitalized and reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if there
are indications that impairment may have occurred. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
combination is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”), which are the smallest identifiable groups of assets that
generate cash inflows largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets and that are expected
to benefit from the synergies of the combination and considering the business level at which goodwill is monitored for
internal management purposes. In identifying whether cash inflows from an asset (or a group of assets) are largely
independent of the cash inflows from other assets (or groups of assets) various factors are considered, including how
management monitors the entity’s operations or makes decisions about continuing or disposing of the entity’s assets and
operations.
If goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and an operation within that unit is disposed of, the attributable goodwill is
included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on its disposal.
Corporate assets are allocated to a CGU when the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis. If this is
not possible, the individual CGU is tested without the corporate assets. They are then tested on the level of the minimum
collection of CGUs to which they can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis.
Intangible assets are recognized separately from goodwill when they are separable or arise from contractual or other legal
rights and their fair value can be measured reliably. Intangible assets that have a finite useful life are stated at cost less any
accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Customer-related intangible assets that have a finite
useful life are amortized over periods of between 1 and 20 years on a straight-line basis based on their expected useful
life. These assets are tested for impairment and their useful lives reaffirmed at least annually.
Certain intangible assets have an indefinite useful life and hence are not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least
annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred.

408

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Costs related to software developed or obtained for internal use are capitalized if it is probable that future economic
benefits will flow to the Group and the cost can be measured reliably. Capitalized costs are amortized using the straightline method over the asset’s useful life which is deemed to be either three, five or ten years. Eligible costs include external
direct costs for materials and services, as well as payroll and payroll-related costs for employees directly associated with
an internal-use software project. Overhead costs, as well as costs incurred during the research phase or after software is
ready for use, are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software costs are tested for impairment either annually if still under
development or any time when there is an indication of impairment once the software is in use.
Critical accounting estimates – The determination of the recoverable amount in the impairment assessment of nonfinancial assets requires estimates based on quoted market prices, prices of comparable businesses, present value or other
valuation techniques (such as the cost approach), or a combination thereof, necessitating management to make subjective
judgments and assumptions. Because these estimates and assumptions could result in significant differences to the
amounts reported if underlying circumstances were to change, the Group considers these estimates to be critical.
The quantitative disclosures are provided in Note 23 “Goodwill and other intangible assets”.

Provisions
Provisions are recognized if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, if it is
probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount of the obligation.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation as
of the balance sheet date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party
(for example, because the obligation is covered by an insurance policy), an asset is recognized if it is virtually certain that
reimbursement will be received.
If the Group has a contract that is onerous, the present obligation under the contract is recognized and measured as a
provision. An onerous contract is a contract in which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract
exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it.
Critical accounting estimates –The use of estimates is important in determining provisions for potential losses that may
arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings. The Group estimates and provides for potential losses that may arise out
of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be estimated, in accordance
with IAS 37, “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. Significant judgment is required in making these
estimates and the Group’s final liabilities may ultimately be materially different.
Contingencies in respect of legal matters are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of individual matters is not
predictable with assurance. Significant judgment is required in assessing probability and making estimates in respect of
contingencies, and the Group’s final liability may ultimately be materially different. The Group’s total liability in respect of
litigation, arbitration and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of
probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case, the Group’s experience and the
experience of others in similar cases, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. Predicting the outcome of the Group’s
litigation matters is inherently difficult, particularly in cases in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages.
See Note 27 “Provisions” for further information on the uncertainties from the Group’s judicial, regulatory and arbitration
proceedings.

Income taxes
The Group recognizes the current and deferred tax consequences of transactions that have been included in the
consolidated financial statements using the provisions of the respective jurisdictions’ tax laws. Current and deferred taxes
are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items that are recognized directly in equity or
other comprehensive income in which case the related tax is recognized either directly in equity or other comprehensive
income accordingly.

409

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, unused
tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that sufficient
taxable profit will be available against which those unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
differences can be utilized. As an exception to the aforementioned requirements, an entity shall neither recognize nor
disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period that the
asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted
at the balance sheet date.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset when (1) they arise from the same tax reporting entity or tax group of reporting
entities, (2) the legally enforceable right to offset exists and (3) they are intended to be settled net or realized
simultaneously.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities
exists and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxing authority on either the
same tax reporting entity or tax group of reporting entities.
Deferred tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, branches
and associates and interests in joint ventures except when the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is
controlled by the Group and it is probable that the difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred income
tax assets are provided on deductible temporary differences arising from such investments only to the extent that it is
probable that the differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and sufficient taxable income will be available against
which those temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax related to fair value remeasurement of financial assets classified as FVTOCI, cash flow hedges and other
items, which are charged or credited directly to other comprehensive income, is also credited or charged directly to other
comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income once the underlying
transaction or event to which the deferred tax relates is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
For share-based payment transactions, the Group may receive a tax deduction related to the compensation paid in shares.
The amount deductible for tax purposes may differ from the cumulative compensation expense recorded. At any reporting
date, the Group must estimate the expected future tax deduction based on the current share price. The associated current
and deferred tax consequences are recognized as income or expense in the consolidated statement of Income for the
period. If the amount deductible, or expected to be deductible, for tax purposes exceeds the cumulative compensation
expense, the excess tax benefit is recognized directly in equity.
Critical accounting estimates – In determining the amount of deferred tax assets, the Group uses historical tax capacity
and profitability information and, if relevant, forecasted operating results based upon approved business plans, including
a review of the eligible carry-forward periods, available tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations. The
analysis of the historical tax capacity includes the determination as to whether a period of past profits or a history of recent
losses exists at the reporting date. The determination of a period of past profits or a history of recent losses is based on the
pre-tax results adjusted for permanent differences and typically covers the current and the two preceding financial years.
Each quarter, the Group re-evaluates its estimate related to deferred tax assets.
The Group believes that the accounting estimate related to the deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate
because the underlying assumptions can change from period to period and requires significant management judgment.
For example, tax law changes, changes in the historical tax capacity or variances in future projected operating performance
could result in a change of the carrying amount of a deferred tax asset. If the Group was not able to realize all or part of its
net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to its deferred tax assets would be charged to income tax expense or
directly to equity in the period such determination was made. If the Group was to recognize previously unrecognized
deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to its deferred tax asset would be credited to income tax expense or
directly to equity in the period such determination was made.
The use of estimates is also important in determining provisions for potential losses that may arise from uncertain income
tax positions. The Group estimates and provides for potential losses that may arise out of uncertain income tax positions,
in accordance with IAS 12, “Income Taxes” and IFRIC 23, “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment”. Significant judgment
is required in making these estimates and the Group’s final liabilities may ultimately be materially different.
For further information on the Group’s income taxes (including quantitative disclosures on recognized deferred tax assets)
see Note 34 “Income Taxes”.

410

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Business combinations and noncontrolling Interests
The Group uses the acquisition method to account for business combinations. At the date the Group obtains control of
the subsidiary, the cost of an acquisition is measured at the fair value of the consideration given, including any cash or noncash consideration (equity instruments) transferred, any contingent consideration, any previously held equity interest in
the acquiree and liabilities incurred or assumed. The excess of the aggregate of the cost of an acquisition and any
noncontrolling interests in the acquiree over the Group’s share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is
recorded as goodwill. If the aggregate of the acquisition cost and any noncontrolling interests is below the fair value of
the identifiable net assets (negative goodwill), a gain is reported in other income. Acquisition-related costs are recognized
as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.
In business combinations achieved in stages (“step acquisitions”), a previously held equity interest in the acquiree is
remeasured to its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognized in profit or loss. Amounts
recognized in prior periods in other comprehensive income associated with the previously held investment would be
recognized on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the previously held equity interest.
Noncontrolling interests are shown in the consolidated balance sheet as a separate component of equity, which is distinct
from the Group’s shareholders’ equity. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is separately disclosed on
the face of the Consolidated Statement of Income. Changes in the ownership interest in subsidiaries which do not result
in a change of control are treated as transactions between equity holders and are reported in additional paid-in capital
(“APIC”).

Non-current assets held for sale
Individual non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if they are available for immediate sale in
their present condition subject only to the customary sales terms of such assets (and disposal groups) and their sale is
considered highly probable. For a sale to be highly probable, management must be committed to a sales plan and be
actively looking for a buyer and has no substantive regulatory approvals outstanding. Furthermore, the assets (and disposal
groups) must be actively marketed at a reasonable sales price in relation to their current fair value and the sale should be
expected to be completed within one year. Non-current non-financial assets (and disposal groups) which meet the criteria
for held for sale classification are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and
are presented within “Other assets” and “Other liabilities” in the balance sheet. Financial assets and liabilities meeting the
criteria continue to be measured in accordance with IFRS 9. The comparatives are not represented when non-current
assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale.

Property and equipment
Property and equipment includes own-use properties, leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment and software
(operating systems only). Right-of-use assets are presented together with property and equipment on the Group’s
consolidated balance sheet. Own-use properties are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment losses. Depreciation is generally recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets. The range of estimated useful lives is 25 to 50 years for property and 3 to 10 years for furniture and equipment
(including initial improvements to purchased buildings). Leasehold improvements are capitalized and subsequently
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the term of the lease and the estimated useful life of the
improvement, which generally ranges from 3 to 25 years. Depreciation of property and equipment is included in general
and administrative expenses. Maintenance and repairs are also charged to general and administrative expenses. Gains and
losses on disposals are included in other income.
Property and equipment are assessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date. If such indication
exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use, must be estimated
and an impairment charge is recorded to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. Value in use
is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. After the recognition of impairment of
an asset, the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to reflect the asset’s revised carrying amount. If an
impairment is later reversed, the depreciation charge is adjusted prospectively.

Financial guarantees
Financial guarantee contracts are contracts that require the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for
a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt
instrument.

411

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Financial guarantees written
The Group has chosen to apply the fair value option to certain written financial guarantees that are managed on a fair value
basis. Financial guarantees that the Group has not designated at fair value are initially recognized at fair value on the date
the guarantee is given. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group’s liabilities under such guarantees are measured at the
higher of the amount initially recognized, less cumulative amortization, and the best estimate of the expenditure required
to settle any financial obligation as of the balance sheet date. These estimates are determined by management based on
experience with similar transactions and history of past losses.
Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income in provision for
credit losses.

Financial guarantees purchased
Purchased financial guarantees result in reimbursements under IAS 37 to the extent that the financial guarantee is entered
into to mitigate the credit exposure from debt instruments with HTC or HTC&S business models. This results in recognition
of a reimbursement asset for subsequent increases in the expected credit losses, to the extent it is virtually certain that
the purchased financial guarantee will reimburse the Group for the loss incurred. Accordingly, when the credit risk of the
borrower significantly deteriorates a reimbursement asset is recognized equal to the life-time expected credit losses and
is presented as Other Assets in the Group’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The corresponding reimbursement gain is
recognized as a reduction in the Provision for credit losses in the Group’s Consolidated Statement of Income.
Purchased financial guarantees entered into to mitigate credit exposure from debt instruments allocated to HTC or HTC&S
business models may also be embedded in Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLO’s) issued by the Group. Such embedded
guarantees are not accounted for separately as a reimbursement asset and are instead accounted as part of the CLO’s
liability held at amortized cost. The Group regularly revises its estimated contractual redemption payment (including the
benefit of such embedded guarantees) from the CLO when the credit risk of a borrower covered by the embedded financial
guarantee in the CLO significantly deteriorates. The revision is based on the life-time expected credit losses of the debt
instrument (to the extent covered by the CLO).
Purchased financial guarantees entered into to mitigate credit exposure from debt instruments included in the Other
business model are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss.

Leasing transactions
The Group enters into lease contracts, predominantly for land and buildings, as a lessee. Other categories are company
cars and technical/IT equipment.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement
date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments
made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if there is a modification, a change in the lease
term or a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used
to determine such lease payments).
Right-of-use assets are assessed for any indication of impairment at each quarterly reporting date. If such indication exists,
the recoverable amount, which is the fair value less costs of disposal, must be estimated and an impairment charge is
recorded to the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. As right-of-use assets do not have
independently generated cash flows to calculate its value in use, the Group considers any sublease income that could
reasonably be earned. After the recognition of impairment of an asset, the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods
to reflect the asset’s revised carrying amount. If an impairment is later reversed, the depreciation charge is adjusted
prospectively.
The Group presents right-of-use assets in “Property and Equipment” and lease liabilities in “Other Liabilities”.
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases, i.e., those leases that have a lease
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date. It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition
exemption to leases of technical/IT equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases
and leases of low value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

412

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Employee benefits
Pension benefits
The Group provides a number of pension plans. In addition to defined contribution plans, there are retirement benefit plans
accounted for as defined benefit plans. The assets of all the Group’s defined contribution plans are held in independently
administered funds. Contributions are generally determined as a percentage of salary and are expensed based on
employee services rendered, generally in the year of contribution.
All retirement benefit plans accounted for as defined benefit plans are valued using the projected unit-credit method to
determine the present value of the defined benefit obligation and the related service costs. Under this method, the
determination is based on actuarial calculations which include assumptions about demographics, salary increases and
interest and inflation rates. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in
equity in the period in which they occur. The majority of the Group’s benefit plans is funded.
For the Group’s most significant pension plans in the key countries, the discount rate used at each measurement date is
set based on a high-quality corporate bond yield curve – derived based on bond universe information sourced from
reputable third-party index data providers and rating agencies – reflecting the timing, amount and currency of the future
expected benefit payments for the respective plan.

Other post-employment benefits
In addition, the Group maintains unfunded contributory post-employment medical plans for a number of current and
retired employees who are mainly located in the United States. These plans pay stated percentages of eligible medical and
dental expenses of retirees after a stated deductible has been met. The Group funds these plans on a cash basis as benefits
are due. Analogous to retirement benefit plans these plans are valued using the projected unit-credit method. Actuarial
gains and losses are recognized in full in the period in which they occur in other comprehensive income and presented in
equity.
Refer to Note 33 “Employee benefits” for further information on the accounting for pension benefits and other postemployment benefits.

Termination benefits
Termination benefits arise when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date or whenever
an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognizes termination benefits as
a liability and an expense if the Group is demonstrably committed to a detailed formal plan without realistic possibility of
withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, termination benefits are measured based on
the number of employees expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than twelve months after the end of the
reporting period are discounted to their present value. The discount rate is determined by reference to market yields on
high-quality corporate bonds.

Share-based compensation
Compensation expense for awards classified as equity instruments is measured at the grant date based on the fair value
of the share-based award. For share awards, the fair value is the quoted market price of the share reduced by the present
value of the expected dividends that will not be received by the employee and adjusted for the effect, if any, of restrictions
beyond the vesting date. In case an award is modified such that its fair value immediately after modification exceeds its
fair value immediately prior to modification, a remeasurement takes place and the resulting increase in fair value is
recognized as additional compensation expense.
The Group records the offsetting amount to the recognized compensation expense in additional paid-in capital (“APIC”).
Compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the period in which employees perform services to which
the awards relate or over the period of the tranches for those awards delivered in tranches. Estimates of expected
forfeitures are periodically adjusted in the event of actual forfeitures or for changes in expectations. The timing of expense
recognition relating to grants which, due to early retirement provisions, include a nominal but non-substantive service
period are accelerated by shortening the amortization period of the expense from the grant date to the date when the
employee meets the eligibility criteria for the award, and not the vesting date. For awards that are delivered in tranches,
each tranche is considered a separate award and amortized separately.

413

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

Compensation expense for share-based awards payable in cash is remeasured to fair value at each balance sheet date and
recognized over the vesting period in which the related employee services are rendered. The related obligations are
included in other liabilities until paid.

Other deferred compensation plans
Compensation expense for other deferred compensation plans is recorded on a straight-line basis over the period in which
employees perform services to which the awards relate or over the period of the tranches for those awards delivered in
tranches. For awards that are delivered in tranches, each tranche is considered a separate award and amortized separately.
The amount recognized is based on the present value of the amount expected to be paid under the respective plan and is
remeasured at each reporting date. The ultimate cumulative compensation expense recognized equals the cash or the fair
value of the respective financial instruments delivered.

Government grants
The Group recognizes income from government grants when there is reasonable assurance that it will receive the grant
and will comply with the conditions attached to the grant. The benefit is recognized in the period in which the grant is
intended to compensate the Group for related costs and presented as a reduction of the related expense.
The Group considered the initial benefits that arose from borrowing under TLTRO III as government grant from a belowmarket loan under IAS 20 and recognized subsequent benefits in accordance with IFRS 9. Since November 23, 2022, all
remaining TLTRO III operations are indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest rates.
For further information on the benefit recognized by the Group from the TLTRO III refinancing program see Note 5 “Net
interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss”.

Options and forwards on common shares
Option and forward contracts on Deutsche Bank shares are classified as equity if the number of shares is fixed and physical
settlement is required. All other contracts in which Deutsche Bank shares are the underlying are recorded as financial
assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.

Consolidated statement of cash flows
The consolidated statement of cash flows is prepared in accordance with the indirect method, which adjusts Profit (loss)
for non-cash transactions within operating activities and distinguishes the classification of cash flows between operating,
investing, or financing activities depending on the business model and the related activities which are most appropriate to
the business.
For purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents include highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible into cash, and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Such
investments include cash and balances at central banks and demand deposits with banks.
There are various circumstances in which cash and cash equivalent balances held by Deutsche Bank are not available for
use by the Group. Examples include cash and cash equivalent balances held by a subsidiary that operates in a country
where exchange controls or other legal restrictions apply such that the balances are not available for general use by the
Group or its subsidiaries.
Due to the nature of Deutsche Bank’s business model of providing financing to clients, cash flows related to long-term
debt support the bank’s operating activities and are included as a component of operating activities. In contrast, cash flows
related to transactions on own equity transactions as well as subordinated long-term debt and trust preferred securities
are presented as financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. These financial instruments are viewed
differently from those related to senior-long term debt because they are managed as an integral part of the Group’s capital,
primarily to meet regulatory capital requirements. As a result, these financial instruments are not interchangeable with
other operating liabilities but can only be interchanged with equity and thus are considered part of the financing category.
The Group’s adjustments for certain non-cash transactions to Profit (loss) includes provisions for credit losses,
restructuring activities, deferred income taxes and impairments, depreciations, amortization, and accretions, which also
includes amortization of hedge adjustments.

414

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
01 – Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates

For certain other non-cash transactions which are more difficult to distinguish, all movements in the operating assets and
liabilities balance sheet line items are included in operating activities and are offset against the amount recognized in Profit
(loss). For example, unrealized fair value changes for trading assets and liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss
are included in operating activities and do not distinguish between cash and non-cash market movements. This also applies
to foreign exchange movements realized in the income statement when translating the transaction currency to the entity’s
functional currency. These non-cash foreign exchange movements are included in the respective asset or liability line item
in operating activities.
In addition, hedge adjustments to the carrying amount of non-derivative instruments (e.g., loans at amortized cost,
deposits and senior long-term debt) that arise from the application of fair value hedge accounting are not separately
disclosed as non-cash adjusting items, but included in the respective balance sheet line item in operating activities. These
amounts are netted in operating activities against the non-cash amount recognized in Profit (loss).
The amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows do not necessarily match the movements in the
consolidated balance sheet from one period to the next as they exclude certain non-cash items such as foreign exchange
impacts when translating to the Group’s reporting currency, gross charge-offs on loans and movements due to changes in
the Group’s consolidated entities.
The position “Other, net presented in operating activities predominantly includes movements in (i) the application of cash
flow hedge accounting or certain fair value hedge relationships where the hedged item is presented in investing activities
but the hedging instrument is presented operating activities; and (ii) non-cash related foreign exchange translation effects
on monetary Group intercompany transactions that are recognized in the Group’s consolidated statement of income; along
with foreign exchange translation effects of converting transactional currency to functional currency, for certain balance
sheet line items included in investing activities.

415

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
02 – Recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements

02 – Recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
The following are those accounting pronouncements which are relevant to the Group and which have been adopted during
2024 in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements.

IFRS 16 “Leases”
On January 1, 2024, the Group adopted amendments to IFRS 16 “Leases” that clarify how a seller-lessee subsequently
measures sale and leaseback transactions that satisfy the IFRS 15 requirements to be accounted for as a sale. The
amendment did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”
On January 1, 2024, the Group adopted amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements: Classification of
Liabilities as Current or Non-Current”. The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current
should be based on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. The amendments also clarify that the
classification is unaffected by expectations about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability
and make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or
services. They did not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
On January 1, 2024, the Group adopted a further amendment to IAS 1 that modifies the requirements described above on
how an entity classifies debt and other financial liabilities as current or non-current in particular circumstances.
Accordingly, it clarifies that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply on or before the reporting date
affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current. The amendments did not have a material impact on the
Group’s consolidated financial statements.

New accounting pronouncements
The following accounting pronouncements were not effective as of December 31, 2024, and therefore have not been
applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements.

IAS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates”
In August 2023, the IASB issued “Lack of Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21)” that contains guidance to specify when
a currency is exchangeable and how to determine the exchange rate when it is not. It also requires the disclosure of
additional information when a currency is not exchangeable. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning
on or after January 1, 2025, with early adoption permitted. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact
on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements”
In April 2024, the IASB issued the new standard IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements” that
replaces IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”. The new standard contains new guidance on how to structure the
Income Statement as well as disclosure requirements for Management-defined Performance Measures (MPMs). The new
standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Group is
currently assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on the presentation of its consolidated financial statements. The new standard
has yet to be endorsed by the EU.

IFRS 19 “Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures”
In May 2024, the IASB issued the new standard IFRS 19 “Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures”. The new
standard permits a subsidiary to provide reduced disclosures when applying IFRS Accounting Standards in its financial
statements. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with early adoption
permitted. The Group does not expect a material impact of IFRS 19 on the disclosure requirements of its subsidiaries. The
new standard has yet to be endorsed by the EU.

416

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
02 – Recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements

IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” and IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
In May 2024, the IASB has issued amendments to “Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
Instruments (Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7)” to address matters identified during the post-implementation review of
the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. On electronic payment systems, the
amendments permit to deem a financial liability (or part of it) to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
criteria are met. Further, the amendments provide extended guidance on basic lending agreements, assets with nonrecourse features and contractually linked instruments. Disclosures have been amended for contractual terms that could
change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or
after January 1, 2026, with early adoption permitted. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments on
classification and measurement of financial instruments as well as on its disclosures. The amendments have yet to be
endorsed by the EU.

Annual Improvements to IFRS
In July 2024, the IASB issued amendments to multiple IFRS standards, which resulted from the IASB’s annual
improvements project. These comprise changes in terminology as well as editorial amendments related to IFRS 1 “Firsttime Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards”, IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” and its
accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7, IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial
Statements” and IAS 7 “Statement of Cash-Flows”. The amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning on or
after January 1, 2026, with early adoption permitted. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the
Group’s consolidated financial statements. The amendments have yet to be endorsed by the EU.

Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
In December 2024, the IASB issued “Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity (Amendments to IFRS 9 and
IFRS 7)” to address matters identified for contracts referencing to nature-dependent electricity. The own-use
requirements in IFRS 9 are to be amended to include the factors an entity is required to consider for which the source of
production of the electricity is nature-dependent. The hedge accounting requirements in IFRS 9 are to be amended to
permit an entity using a contract for nature-dependent renewable electricity with a variable volume of forecast electricity
transactions as the hedged item as well as for measuring hedge effectiveness. The IASB further amends IFRS 7 and IFRS
19 to introduce disclosure requirements about contracts for nature-dependent electricity with specified characteristics.
The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with early adoption permitted.
The Group does not have significant exposure to electricity purchase contracts and thus does not expect a material impact
on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The amendments have yet to be endorsed by the EU.

417

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
03 – Acquisitions and dispositions

03 – Acquisitions and dispositions
Business combinations
During 2024 and 2022, the Group did not undertake any acquisitions accounted for as business combinations.
In April 2023, Deutsche Bank announced that it had reached an agreement on an all-cash offer for the acquisition of Numis
Corporation Plc (“Numis”). On October 13, 2023, the acquisition was completed and Deutsche Bank acquired a 100%
interest in Numis for a cash purchase price of € 460 million (GBP 397 million). Following the acquisition of Numis, the
determination of the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date had
been finalized in the fourth quarter 2023 with details included in the table below. Other intangible assets identified in the
purchase price allocation included customer relationships (€ 56 million) and tradename (€ 27 million). Goodwill of
€ 235 million identified in the purchase price allocation mainly represented the expected future economic benefit of
synergies and the value of human capital.
Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed as of the Acquisition Date
October 13,
2023

in € m.

Cash consideration transferred
Total consideration transferred

460
460

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:1
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Securities borrowed
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Property and equipment
Other intangible assets
All other assets
Total assets acquired
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
All other liabilities
Total liabilities assumed
Total identifiable net assets
Goodwill
Total identifiable net assets and goodwill acquired

126
10
44
53
84
410
727
14
488
502
225
235
460

1

By major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

Deutsche Bank assigned goodwill resulting from the Numis acquisition to the Investment Bank cash-generating unit (CGU).
Given the valuation of the Investment Bank CGU, following the acquisition, goodwill recognized for Numis was considered
impaired and written off in the fourth quarter of 2023 (also refer to Note 23 “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”).

Dispositions
There were no dispositions in 2024, but the Group had finalized several dispositions of subsidiaries/businesses during 2023
and 2022. These disposals were mainly comprised of businesses that were previously classified as held for sale, including
the transfer of the digital investment platform of DWS as part of its partnership with BlackFin, and the sale of the Italian
financial advisors business to Zurich Italy in 2022 for a pre-tax gain on sale of € 312 million. The total consideration
received for these dispositions (thereof in cash) in 2024, 2023 and 2022 was € 3 million (cash € 3 million), € 117 million
(cash € 99 million) and € 488 million (cash € 439 million), respectively. The table below shows the assets and liabilities that
were included in these disposals.
in € m.

Cash and cash equivalents
All remaining assets
Total assets disposed
Total liabilities disposed

2024

2023

2022

0
0
0
0

7
105
113
213

1,126
659
1,785
1,676

418

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

04 – Business segments and related information
Deutsche Bank’s segmental information has been prepared in accordance with the management approach, which requires
presentation of the segments on the basis of the internal management reports of the entity which are regularly reviewed
by the chief operating decision maker, which is the Deutsche Bank Management Board, in order to assess the financial
performance of the business segments and for allocating resources to the business segments.

Business segments
Deutsche Bank’s segment reporting follows the organizational structure as reflected in the Group’s internal management
reporting systems, which are the basis for assessing the financial performance of the business segments and for allocating
resources to them.
The bank’s business operations are organized under the divisional structure comprising the following corporate divisions:
–
–
–
–
–

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other

The Group consists of the following reportable segments: Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private Bank, Asset
Management and Corporate & Other.
Corporate Bank reports revenues based on three client categories: Institutional Client Services, Corporate Treasury
Services and Business Banking.
Investment Bank reports revenues in the categories Fixed Income & Currencies (FIC), Origination & Advisory as well as
Research and Other.
Private Bank reports revenues in the client sectors Wealth Management & Private Banking and Personal Banking.
Asset Management reports revenues in the categories Management Fees, Performance and Transaction Fees and Other.
Corporate & Other includes revenues, costs and resources held centrally that are not allocated to the individual business
segments as well as valuation and timing differences that arise on derivatives used to hedge the Group’s balance sheet.
These are accounting impacts, and valuation losses are expected to be recovered over time as the underlying instruments
approach maturity. In addition, Corporate & Other contains financial impacts of legacy portfolios, previously reported as
the Capital Release Unit.
As announced in the Annual Report 2022, having fulfilled the Capital Release Unit’s de-risking and cost reduction mandate
from 2019 through year end 2022, the Capital Release Unit ceased to be reported as a separate segment with effect from
the first quarter of 2023. The remaining portfolio, resources and employees are reported within the Corporate & Other
segment. In line with the change, the Core Bank, which previously represented the Group excluding the Capital Release
Unit, ceased to be reported as of the first quarter of 2023.
In addition, based on management decisions during the reporting period further divisional changes were introduced.
The prior years' segmental information is presented in the current structure.

Changes in the presentation for segments
Commencing from the first quarter of 2024, Investment Bank renamed FIC Sales and Trading to “Fixed Income &
Currencies (FIC)” and introduced additional sub-categories, entitled “Fixed Income & Currencies: Financing” and “Fixed
Income & Currencies: Ex Financing” to provide additional transparency regarding the revenue composition of FIC.
Origination & Advisory revenues continue to be presented with the sub-categories Debt Origination, Equity Origination
and Advisory. Additionally, Research revenues are reported together with Other in “Research and Other”. Prior years’
comparatives are presented in the current reporting structure.

419

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Commencing from the first quarter of 2024, Private Bank is following a customer-focused approach by classifying the
existing customer base into two distinct global client sectors: “Personal Banking” as well as “Wealth Management & Private
Banking”. This approach reflects the focus to serve clients in a more targeted and effective way across the Private Bank.
Wealth Management & Private Banking combines the coverage of private banking, high-net-worth and ultra high-networth clients, as well as business clients in selected international businesses (reflecting the ‘Bank for Entrepreneurs’
strategy). The client sector Personal Banking includes retail and affluent customers as well as commercial banking clients
in Italy and Spain (i.e., all small business clients and small sized corporate clients that are not covered as part of the Wealth
Management & Private Banking client sector). Prior years’ comparatives are presented in the current reporting structure.
Within the new Private Bank coverage area ‘Wealth Management & Private Banking’, private clients benefit from a wider
product range with increased emphasis on investment advice. As a result, demand deposits of Private Banking Germany
were reclassified to assets under management, ensuring a consistent treatment within ‘Wealth Management & Private
Banking’. Prior years’ comparatives are presented in the current reporting structure.

Measurement of segment profit or loss
Segment reporting requires a presentation of the segment results based on management reporting methods, including a
reconciliation between the results of the business segments and the consolidated financial statements, which is presented
in the “Segment results of operations” section within this note. The information provided about each segment is based on
internal management reporting about segment profit or loss, assets and other information which is regularly reviewed by
the chief operating decision maker.
Segment assets are presented in the Group’s internal management reporting based on a consolidated view, i.e., the
amounts do not include intersegment balances. The Group`s internal management reporting does not consider segment
liabilities or interest expense separately. Similarly, depreciation and amortization, tax expenses and other comprehensive
income are not presented separately internally and are therefore not disclosed here.
Non-IFRS compliant accounting methods used in the Group’s management reporting represent either valuation or
classification differences. The largest valuation differences relate to measurement at fair value in management reporting
versus measurement at amortized cost under IFRS and to the recognition of trading results from own shares in revenues
in management reporting (in Investment Bank) and in equity under IFRS. The major classification difference relates to
noncontrolling interest, which represents the net share of minority shareholders in revenues, provision for credit losses,
noninterest expenses and income tax expenses. Noncontrolling interest is reported as a component of the profit before
tax of the businesses in management reporting (with a reversal in Corporate & Other) and a component of net income
appropriation under IFRS.
Since the Group’s business activities are diverse in nature and its operations are integrated, certain estimates and
judgments have been made to apportion revenue and expense items among the business segments.
The management reporting systems allocate the Group’s external net interest income according to the value of funding
consumed or provided by each business segment’s activities, in accordance with the bank’s internal funds transfer pricing
framework. Furthermore, to retain comparability with those competitors that have legally independent units with their own
equity funding, the Group allocates a net notional interest benefit on its consolidated capital, in line with each segment’s
proportion of average shareholders’ equity.
Management uses certain measures for equity and related ratios as part of its internal reporting system because it believes
that these measures provide it with a useful indication of the financial performance of the business segments. The Group
discloses such measures to provide investors and analysts with further insight into how management operates the Group’s
businesses and to enable them to better understand the Group’s results.

Allocation of Average Shareholder’s Equity
Shareholders’ equity is fully allocated to the Group’s segments based on the regulatory capital demand of each segment.
Regulatory capital demand reflects the combined contribution of each segment to the Groups’ Common Equity Tier 1
(CET1) ratio, the Groups’ leverage ratio and the Group’s capital loss under stress. Contributions in each of the three
dimensions are weighted to reflect their relative importance and level of constraint for the Group. Contributions to the
CET1 ratio and the leverage ratio are measured through risk-weighted assets and leverage ratio exposure. The Group’s
capital loss under stress is a measure of the Group’s overall economic risk exposure under a defined stress scenario.
Goodwill and other intangible assets are directly attributed to the Group’s segments in order to allow the determination
of allocated tangible shareholders’ equity and the respective returns. Shareholders’ equity and tangible shareholders’
equity is allocated on a monthly basis and averaged across quarters and for the full year.

420

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Changes to capital allocation framework
Starting in 2024, Deutsche Bank has changed the allocation of tangible shareholders’ equity across segments. In addition,
the bank now retains capital held against Deutsche Bank Group items in Corporate & Other, which has previously been
allocated to the segments. Prior years’ comparatives are presented in the current reporting structure. While the adjustment
of the prior periods’ allocations impact the segmental RoTE, the respective Group metrics are unaffected by the change.

Driver-Based Cost Management allocations methodology change
In the first quarter of 2023, the bank introduced a Driver-Based Cost Management methodology for the allocation of costs
originated in respective infrastructure functions which aims to provide transparency over the drivers of Infrastructure costs
and links costs more closely to service consumption by segments. During 2023, costs relating to Infrastructure functions
were allocated using an actuals to plan approach, with the exception of technology development costs which were
charged to the divisions based on actual expenditures. Beginning 2024, all infrastructure costs were charged to divisions
based on actual costs and service consumption. Prior years’ comparatives are presented in the current reporting structure.
For the full year 2023, the change in methodology resulted in an increase in noninterest expenses (corresponding decrease
in profit before tax) for Corporate Bank of € 175 million and a corresponding decrease in noninterest expenses
(corresponding increase in profit before tax) for Investment Bank of € 42 million, for Private Bank of € 48 million, for Asset
Management of € 0 million and for Corporate and Other of € 84 million. While the update of the 2023 allocations impacted
the segmental post-tax returns on average tangible shareholders’ equity and cost/income ratio, the respective Group
metrics are unaffected by the methodology change.

Changes to Operational Risk RWA allocation framework
Starting in 2024, Deutsche Bank introduced a refined and more granular framework to allocate operational risk RWA to
the segments. While the respective segmental RWA metrics are impacted by the change in methodology with a more
pronounced impact from the second quarter of 2024 onwards, the Group’s operational risk RWA are unaffected by the
change.

Strategic Liquidity Reserve Profit and Loss Allocation
Commencing from the first quarter of 2022, the methodology for divisional intra-year allocations of profit or loss earned
on the Strategic Liquidity Reserves has been refined. As part of the introduction of the new methodology, the intra-year
profit and loss volatility is held centrally in Corporate & Other in order to better reflect the underlying performance of the
business divisions. The implementation of the new methodology does not impact the overall group revenues or the annual
business allocations, therefore the full year results for 2022 are not impacted.

Tax Exempt Securities
Net interest income as a component of net revenues, profit (loss) before tax and related ratios are presented on a fully
taxable-equivalent basis for tax-exempt securities for the Investment Bank. This enables management to measure
performance of taxable and tax-exempt securities on a comparable basis. This presentation resulted in an increase in
Investment Bank net interest income of € 23 million for full year 2024, € 10 million for full year 2023 and € 33 million for
full year 2022. This increase is offset in Group consolidated figures through a reversal in Corporate & Other. The
predominant tax rate used for 2024, 2023 and 2022 in determining the fully taxable equivalent of the net interest income
was 21% and related to U.S. tax exempt securities.

421

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Segmental results of operations
The following tables present the results of the Group’s business segments, including the reconciliation to the consolidated
results of operations under IFRS.
2024
Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Net revenues1
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax

7,506
347

10,558
549

9,386
851

2,649
(1)

(6)
83

30,092
1,830

1,603
3,481
0
(1)
5,084
0
2,075

2,682
3,979
0
(0)
6,661
5
3,343

2,934
4,372
0
(3)
7,304
0
1,231

919
904
0
0
1,823
194
632

3,593
(1,494)
0
0
2,099
(199)
(1,989)

11,731
11,243
0
(3)
22,971
0
5,291

Assets (in € bn)2
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)
Additions to non-current assets
Deposits (in € bn)
Average allocated shareholders' equity

280
117
12
313
11,682

756
110
3
22
23,672

324
257
160
320
13,990

11
0
30
0
5,329

17
0
1,884
11
10,089

1,387
485
2,091
666
64,763

Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity4,5
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity4,5
Cost/income ratio6

78
11
339
26,317
11.7%

130
15
593
20,107
9.1%

97
14
336
37,072
5.2%

18
5
10
5,169
8.0%

34
13
38
1,088
N/M

357
58
1,316
89,753
4.2%

12.6%
67.7%

9.4%
63.1%

5.2%
77.8%

18.0%
68.8%

N/M
N/M

4.7%
76.3%

4,960
(1)

3,398
(46)

5,786
21

25
36

(1,104)
2

13,065
12

90

379

102

451

6

1,028

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

includes:
Net interest income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2
includes:
Equity method investments

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

1

N/M – Not meaningful
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
5
The post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity at the Group level reflects the reported effective tax rate for the Group,
which was 34% for the year ended December 31, 2024; for the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments,
the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the
year ended December 31, 2024; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report
6
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

422

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

2023
Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Net revenues1
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax

7,718
266

9,160
431

9,571
783

2,383
(1)

47
26

28,879
1,505

1,530
3,122
0
(4)
4,648
0
2,804

2,526
4,091
233
(3)
6,847
3
1,879

2,805
4,696
0
228
7,730
0
1,058

891
934
0
0
1,825
163
396

3,378
(2,731)
0
(1)
646
(166)
(459)

11,131
10,112
233
220
21,695
0
5,678

Assets (in € bn)2
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)
Additions to non-current assets
Deposits (in € bn)
Average allocated shareholders' equity

264
117
13
289
11,547

658
101
89
18
23,544

331
261
90
308
13,219

10
0
73
0
5,157

49
0
1,853
7
9,543

1,312
479
2,118
622
63,011

Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity4,5
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity4,5
Cost/income ratio6

69
6
307
25,439
16.6%

140
22
546
20,063
4.8%

86
8
339
38,411
4.8%

15
3
10
4,963
5.1%

40
19
39
1,254
N/M

350
57
1,240
90,130
6.7%

17.8%
60.2%

4.9%
74.7%

5.2%
80.8%

12.0%
76.6%

N/M
N/M

7.4%
75.1%

5,115
(6)

3,013
(70)

6,156
(5)

(124)
42

(557)
2

13,602
(38)

91

413

84

420

5

1,013

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

includes:
Net interest income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2
includes:
Equity method investments

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

1

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
5
The post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity at the Group level reflects the reported effective tax rate for the Group,
which was 14% for the year ended December 31, 2023; for the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the
segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were
28% for the year ended December 31, 2023; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this
report
6
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

423

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

2022
Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Net revenues1
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax

6,337
335

10,016
319

9,152
583

2,608
(2)

(902)
(9)

27,210
1,226

1,416
2,790
0
(19)
4,187
0
1,816

2,379
4,061
0
15
6,455
15
3,228

2,783
4,193
0
(113)
6,863
0
1,705

899
883
68
0
1,850
174
585

3,235
(2,199)
0
(2)
1,035
(190)
(1,739)

10,712
9,728
68
(118)
20,390
0
5,594

Assets (in € bn)2
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)
Additions to non-current assets
Deposits (in € bn)
Average allocated shareholders' equity

258
122
3
289
11,668

677
103
4
16
22,478

333
265
177
317
12,945

10
0
41
0
5,437

60
(1)
2,267
(1)
7,465

1,337
489
2,494
621
59,994

Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)
Employees (full-time equivalent)
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity4,5
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity4,5
Cost/income ratio6

74
5
321
22,621
10.3%

139
23
530
17,946
9.3%

88
8
344
37,710
8.6%

13
3
9
4,778
7.3%

46
19
36
1,876
N/M

360
58
1,240
84,930
8.4%

11.1%
66.1%

9.6%
64.4%

9.2%
75.0%

17.0%
70.9%

N/M
N/M

9.4%
74.9%

3,628
4

3,467
50

5,222
27

(65)
66

1,399
6

13,650
152

90

501

99

415

20

1,124

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

includes:
Net interest income
Net income (loss) from equity method investments
2
includes:
Equity method investments

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

1

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
5
The post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity at the Group level reflects the reported effective tax rate for the Group,
which was (1)% for the year ended December 31, 2022; for the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the
segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were
28% for the year ended December 31, 2022; for further information, please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this
report
6
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income

424

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Corporate Bank
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Corporate Treasury Services
Institutional Client Services
Business Banking
Total net revenues
Of which:
Net interest income
Net commissions and fee income
Remaining income
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Deposits (in € bn)1
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)1

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

4,223
1,956
1,326
7,506

4,399
1,895
1,424
7,718

3,827
1,580
930
6,337

(176)
62
(98)
(212)

(4)
3
(7)
(3)

572
314
494
1,381

15
20
53
22

4,960
2,434
111
347

5,115
2,328
275
266

3,628
2,356
354
335

(154)
106
(164)
81

(3)
5
(59)
30

1,487
(28)
(79)
(68)

41
(1)
(22)
(20)

1,603
3,481
0
(1)
5,084
0
2,075

1,530
3,122
0
(4)
4,648
0
2,804

1,416
2,790
0
(19)
4,187
0
1,816

73
359
0
4
436
0
(729)

5
12
N/M
(86)
9
N/M
(26)

114
332
0
15
461
0
988

8
12
N/M
(77)
11
N/M
54

7,943

7,682

7,332

261

3

350

5

8,089

7,976

7,114

113

1

862

12

10,285

9,781

8,175

504

5

1,606

20

26,317
280
78
11
339
313
117

25,439
264
69
6
307
289
117

22,621
258
74
5
321
289
122

878
16
9
5
33
23
(0)

3
6
13
94
11
8
(0)

2,818
6
(5)
0
(14)
1
(5)

12
2
(7)
5
(4)
0
(4)

Cost/income ratio4

67.7%

60.2%

66.1%

N/M

7.5ppt

N/M

(5.8)ppt

Post-tax return on average shareholders' equity5,6
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity5,6

11.7%

16.6%

10.3%

N/M

(4.8)ppt

N/M

6.2ppt

12.6%

17.8%

11.1%

N/M

(5.3)ppt

N/M

6.8ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
5
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
6
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

425

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Investment Bank
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Fixed Income & Currencies (FIC)
Fixed Income & Currencies: Financing
Fixed Income & Currencies: Ex-Financing
Origination & Advisory
Debt Origination
Equity Origination
Advisory
Research and Other
Total net revenues
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Deposits (in € bn)1
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)1
Cost/income ratio4
Post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity5,6
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity5,6

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

8,610
3,205
5,405
2,012
1,290
187
535
(64)
10,558
549

7,893
2,867
5,026
1,246
843
102
301
21
9,160
431

8,861
2,953
5,909
998
412
101
485
157
10,016
319

717
339
378
765
447
84
234
(85)
1,398
119

9
12
8
61
53
82
78
N/M
15
28

(968)
(86)
(882)
249
431
1
(184)
(136)
(856)
112

(11)
(3)
(15)
25
105
1
(38)
(87)
(9)
35

2,682
3,979
0
(0)
6,661
5
3,343

2,526
4,091
233
(3)
6,847
3
1,879

2,379
4,061
0
15
6,455
15
3,228

155
(111)
(233)
3
(186)
2
1,463

6
(3)
N/M
(98)
(3)
52
78

147
30
233
(18)
391
(12)
(1,348)

6
1
N/M
N/M
6
(79)
(42)

4,869

4,843

4,333

26

1

510

12

3,129

3,120

2,811

9

0

309

11

12,109
20,107
756
130
15
593
22
110
63.1%
9.1%

12,101
20,063
658
140
22
546
18
101
74.7%
4.8%

10,802
17,946
677
139
23
530
16
103
64.4%
9.3%

8
44
98
(10)
(7)
46
4
9
N/M
N/M

0
0
15
(7)
(32)
8
23
9
(11.6)ppt
4.3ppt

1,299
2,117
(18)
0
(2)
17
1
(2)
N/M
N/M

12
12
(3)
0
(7)
3
9
(2)
10.3ppt
(4.5)ppt

9.4%

4.9%

9.6%

N/M

4.4ppt

N/M

(4.6)ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
5
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
6
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

426

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Private Bank
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues:
Personal Banking
Wealth Management & Private Banking
Total net revenues
of which:
Net interest income
Net commissions and fee income
Remaining income
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses:
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Deposits (in € bn)1
Loans (gross of allowance for loan losses, in € bn)1
Assets under Management (in € bn)1,4
Net flows (in € bn)
Cost/income ratio5
Post-tax return on average shareholders' equity6,7
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity6,7

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

5,304
4,082
9,386

5,570
4,000
9,571

5,005
4,147
9,152

(267)
82
(185)

(5)
2
(2)

566
(147)
419

11
(4)
5

5,786
2,956
643
851

6,156
2,852
563
783

5,222
3,155
775
583

(370)
104
80
68

(6)
4
14
9

934
(303)
(212)
201

18
(10)
(27)
34

2,934
4,372
0
(3)
7,304
0
1,231

2,805
4,696
0
228
7,730
0
1,058

2,783
4,193
0
(113)
6,863
0
1,705

130
(324)
0
(231)
(426)
(0)
173

5
(7)
N/M
N/M
(6)
(45)
16

22
503
0
341
866
(0)
(648)

1
12
N/M
N/M
13
(12)
(38)

16,961

18,403

18,853

(1,442)

(8)

(450)

(2)

7,917

7,802

8,018

115

1

(216)

(3)

12,193
37,072
324
97
14
336
320
257
633
29
77.8%
5.2%

12,205
38,411
331
86
8
339
308
261
578
23
80.8%
4.8%

10,839
37,710
333
88
8
344
317
265
543
31
75.0%
8.6%

(12)
(1,339)
(7)
11
7
(2)
13
(4)
55
6
N/M
N/M

(0)
(3)
(2)
13
88
(1)
4
(1)
10
26
(2.9)ppt
0.4ppt

1,366
701
(2)
(1)
0
(6)
(10)
(4)
35
(8)
N/M
N/M

13
2
(1)
(2)
0
(2)
(3)
(1)
6
(26)
5.8ppt
(3.8)ppt

5.2%

5.2%

9.2%

N/M

0.1ppt

N/M

(4.0)ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Assets under Management include assets held on behalf of customers for investment purposes and/or client assets that are advised or managed by Deutsche Bank. They
are managed on a discretionary or advisory basis or are deposited with the bank. Deposits are considered Assets under Management if they serve investment purposes. In
Personal Banking, this includes Term deposits and Savings deposits. In Wealth Management & Private Banking (excl. Business Banking), it is assumed that all customer
deposits are held with the bank primarily for investment purposes and accordingly are classified as Assets under Management. Within the Private Bank business ‘Wealth
Management & Private Banking’, private clients benefit from a wider product range with increased emphasis on investment advice. As a result, starting 2024, demand
deposits of Private Banking in Germany were reclassified to Assets under Management, ensuring a consistent treatment within ‘Wealth Management & Private Banking’. In
instances in which Private Bank distributes investment products qualifying as Assets under Management which are managed by DWS, these assets are reported as Assets
under Management for Private Bank and for Asset Management (DWS) because they are two distinct, independent qualifying services
5
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
6
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
7
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

427

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Asset Management
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Management fees
Performance and transaction fees
Other
Total net revenues
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Employees (front office, full-time equivalent)1
Employees (business-aligned operations, full-time
equivalent)1
Employees (allocated central infrastructure, full-time
equivalent)1
Total employees (full-time equivalent)1
Total assets (in € bn)1,2
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
of which: operational risk RWA (in € bn)1,3
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1
Assets under Management (in € bn)1,4
Net flows (in € bn)
Cost/income ratio5
Post-tax return on average shareholders' equity6,7
Post-tax return on average tangible shareholders’
equity6,7

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

2,479
148
23
2,649
(1)

2,314
128
(59)
2,383
(1)

2,458
125
24
2,608
(2)

164
20
82
267
0

7
16
N/M
11
(23)

(143)
2
(84)
(225)
1

(6)
2
N/M
(9)
(50)

919
904
0
0
1,823
194
632

891
934
0
0
1,825
163
396

899
883
68
0
1,850
174
585

28
(29)
0
(0)
(1)
32
236

3
(3)
N/M
(43)
(0)
20
60

(8)
51
(68)
(0)
(26)
(12)
(188)

(1)
6
N/M
(15)
(1)
(7)
(32)

2,069

2,062

2,059

7

0

3

0

2,506

2,325

2,225

181

8

100

4

594
5,169
11
18
5
10
1,012
26
68.8%
8.0%

576
4,963
10
15
3
10
896
28
76.6%
5.1%

494
4,778
10
13
3
9
821
(20)
70.9%
7.3%

18
206
0
3
1
0
115
(3)
N/M
N/M

3
4
2
22
35
4
13
(9)
(7.8)ppt
2.9ppt

82
185
0
2
0
0
75
48
N/M
N/M

17
4
2
18
2
3
9
N/M
5.6ppt
(2.2)ppt

18.0%

12.0%

17.0%

N/M

6.1ppt

N/M

(5.1)ppt

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end
2
Segment assets are presented on a consolidated basis, i.e., the amounts do not include intersegment balances
3
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the allocation of operational risk RWA has changed. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
4
Assets under Management (AuM) means assets (a) the segment manages on a discretionary or non-discretionary advisory basis; including where it is the management
company and portfolio management is outsourced to a third party; and (b) a third party holds or manages and on which the segment provides, on the basis of contract,
advice of an ongoing nature including regular or periodic assessment, monitoring and/or review. AuM represent both collective investments (including mutual funds and
exchange-traded funds) and separate client mandates. AuM are measured at current market value based on the local regulatory rules for asset managers at each
reporting date, which might differ from the fair value rules applicable under IFRS. Measurable levels are available daily for most retail products but may only update
monthly, quarterly or even yearly for some products. While AuM do not include the segment’s investments accounted for under equity method, they do include seed
capital and any committed capital on which the segment earns management fees. In instances in which Private Bank distributes investment products qualifying as Assets
under Management which are managed by DWS, these assets are reported as Assets under Management for Private Bank and for Asset Management (DWS) because they
are two distinct, independent qualifying services
5
Noninterest expenses as a percentage of total net revenues, which are defined as net interest income before provision for credit losses plus noninterest income
6
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information, please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
7
For the post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders’ equity of the segments, the Group effective tax rate was adjusted to exclude
the impact of permanent differences not attributed to the segments, so that the segment tax rates were 28% for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022; for further information,
please refer to “Supplementary Information (Unaudited): Non-GAAP Financial Measures” of this report

428

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Corporate & Other
2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Net revenues
Provision for credit losses
Noninterest expenses
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) before tax
Total Employees (full-time equivalent)1
Risk-weighted assets (in € bn)1
Leverage exposure (in € bn)1

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

(6)
83

47
26

(902)
(9)

(54)
57

N/M
N/M

950
35

N/M
N/M

3,593
(1,494)
0
0
2,099
(199)
(1,989)

3,378
(2,731)
0
(1)
646
(166)
(459)

3,235
(2,199)
0
(2)
1,035
(190)
(1,739)

215
1,237
0
1
1,453
(33)
(1,530)

6
(45)
N/M
N/M
N/M
20
N/M

143
(532)
0
1
(388)
24
1,280

4
24
N/M
(40)
(38)
(12)
(74)

36,269
34
38

35,917
40
39

32,186
46
36

352
(6)
(1)

1
(15)
(3)

3,731
(6)
3

12
(13)
7

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
As of year-end

429

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
04 – Business segments and related information

Entity-wide disclosures
The Group’s entity-wide disclosures include net revenues from internal and external counterparties. Excluding revenues
from internal counterparties would require disproportionate IT investment and is not in line with the bank's management
approach. For details of the net revenue components please see “Management Report: Operating and Financial Review:
Results of Operations: Corporate Divisions”.
To bring several key regions closer together to better serve Deutsche Bank’s clients, an updated regional governance
structure was introduced in 2024 for the bank’s markets in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Asia Pacific and
Germany. From May 2024 onwards, the region Middle East & Africa (MEA) includes the countries Israel and Turkey and rolls
up into the new main region Asia Pacific & MEA. The remaining region EMEA was renamed to Europe. Prior years’
comparatives are presented in the current reporting structure.
The following table presents total net revenues (before provision for credit losses) by geographic area for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively. The information presented for Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private
Bank and Asset Management has been classified based primarily on the location of the Group’s office in which the revenues
are recorded. The information for Corporate & Other is presented on a global level only, as management responsibility for
Corporate & Other is held centrally.
in € m.

Germany:
Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Total Germany
UK:
Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Total UK
Rest of Europe:
Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Total Rest of Europe
Americas (primarily United States):
Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Total Americas
Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa:
Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Total Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa
Corporate & Other
Consolidated net revenues1

2024

2023

2022

3,811
641
6,389
1,286
12,127

4,225
573
6,567
1,211
12,576

3,166
587
5,876
1,266
10,894

193
3,882
46
404
4,525

192
3,503
54
350
4,099

143
4,343
3
356
4,844

1,238
477
1,953
308
3,975

1,196
330
1,981
274
3,782

1,109
293
2,185
275
3,862

1,090
3,869
475
562
5,996

1,011
3,042
462
432
4,946

975
3,033
466
580
5,053

1,173
1,688
524
90
3,476
(6)
30,092

1,094
1,713
506
115
3,428
47
28,879

946
1,761
621
131
3,459
(902)
27,210

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
Consolidated net revenues comprise interest and similar income, interest expenses and total noninterest income (including net commission and fee income); revenues are
attributed to countries based on the location in which the Group’s booking office is located; the location of a transaction on the Group’s books is sometimes different from
the location of the headquarters or other offices of a customer and different from the location of the Group’s personnel who entered into or facilitated the transaction;
where the Group records a transaction involving its staff and customers and other third parties in different locations frequently depends on other considerations, such as
the nature of the transaction, regulatory considerations and transaction processing considerations

430

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
05 – Net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss

Notes to the consolidated income statement
05 – Net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial
assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Net interest income
in € m.

Interest and similar income:
Interest income on cash and central bank balances
Interest income on interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements
Loans
Other
Total Interest and similar income from assets measured at amortized cost
Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Total interest and similar income calculated using the effective interest method
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Total interest and similar income
Thereof: negative interest expense on financial liabilities
Interest expense:
Interest-bearing deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements
Other short-term borrowings
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
Other
Total interest expense measured at amortized cost
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Total interest expense
Thereof: negative interest income on financial assets
Net interest income

2024

2023

2022

7,045
643
1,935
23,692
2,140
35,456
1,408
36,865
12,493
49,358
28

7,048
607
1,069
22,559
2,103
33,385
1,097
34,482
9,592
44,074
76

1,936
352
504
14,088
1,969
18,849
798
19,647
4,652
24,299
959

16,867
708
390
6,770
17
3,035
27,787
8,505
36,292
39
13,065

13,706
388
310
6,154
16
2,848
23,422
7,051
30,472
81
13,602

3,902
304
111
2,409
13
1,119
7,858
2,791
10,649
461
13,650

Impact of ECB Targeted Longer-term Refinancing Operations (TLTRO III
program)
As of December 31, 2024, the Group had no outstanding borrowing (December 31, 2023: € 15.0 billion) under the TLTRO
III-refinancing program. The prior interest rates on TLTRO III refinancing operations were indexed to the average applicable
key ECB interest rates. The resulting net interest expense was € 144 million for the twelve months ended December 31,
2024 (December 31, 2023: € 741 million) under the TLTRO III program.

431

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
05 – Net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss

Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
in € m.

Trading Income:
FIC Sales and Trading
Other trading income (loss)
Total trading income (loss)
Net gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss:
Breakdown by financial assets category:
Debt Securities
Equity Securities
Loans and loan commitments
Deposits
Others non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit and loss
Total net gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit
or loss:
Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss:
Breakdown by financial asset/liability category:
Loans and loan commitments
Deposits
Long-term debt
Other financial assets/liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Total net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities designated at fair value through profit or
loss
Total net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

2024

2023

2022

5,045
849
5,894

5,116
(238)
4,878

5,352
(2,569)
2,782

(94)
24
(8)
(4)
18

89
(10)
112
(5)
31

(43)
47
(5)
14
(73)

(65)

217

(61)

5
2
157
(7)

12
(0)
(180)
20

(2)
4
265
11

158
5,987

(148)
4,947

277
2,999

Combined net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
in € m.

Net interest income
Trading income (loss)1
Net gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or
loss
Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Total net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss2
Corporate Treasury Services
Institutional Client Services
Business Banking
Corporate Bank
Fixed Income & Currency
Remaining Products
Investment Bank
Personal Banking
Wealth Management and Private Banking
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total net interest income and net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss

2024

2023

2022

13,065
5,894

13,602
4,878

13,650
2,782

(65)
158
5,987

217
(148)
4,947

(61)
277
2,999

19,052
2,832
1,002
1,086
4,919
8,521
(126)
8,395
3,882
2,117
5,998
269
(529)

18,549
2,936
946
1,184
5,067
8,121
(19)
8,102
4,133
2,245
6,377
(11)
(986)

16,649
2,457
566
697
3,720
8,696
(431)
8,265
4,650
1,961
6,610
(250)
(1,696)

19,052

18,549

16,649

Trading income (loss) includes gains and losses from derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting
2
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1

The Group’s trading and risk management businesses include significant activities in interest rate instruments and related
derivatives. Under IFRS, interest and similar income earned from trading instruments and financial instruments designated
at fair value through profit or loss (i.e., coupon and dividend income), and the costs of funding net trading positions, are
part of net interest income. The Group’s trading activities can periodically shift income to either net interest income or to
net gains (losses) of financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss depending on a variety of factors, including
risk management strategies. The above table combines net interest income and net gains (losses) of financial
assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss by business division.

432

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
06 – Commissions and fee income

06 – Commissions and fee income
in € m.
Net commissions and fee income and expense:
Commissions and fee income
Commissions and fee expense
Net commissions and fee income

2024

2023

2022

13,190
2,818
10,372

11,657
2,452
9,206

12,512
2,675
9,838

Disaggregation of revenues by product type and business segment
Dec 31,2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Major type of services:
Commissions for administration
Commissions for assets under
management
Commissions for other securities
Underwriting and advisory fees
Brokerage fees
Commissions for local payments
Commissions for foreign commercial
business
Commissions for foreign
currency/exchange business
Commissions for loan processing and
guarantees
Intermediary fees
Fees for sundry other customer services
Total commissions and fee income
Commissions and fee expense
Net commissions and fee income

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

215

54

265

16

(0)

550

20
451
53
21
550

0
0
1,640
327
13

416
38
6
1,052
909

3,805
1
0
39
0

(0)
0
66
1
(9)

4,242
491
1,764
1,440
1,464

483

32

20

0

(34)

502

6

0

4

0

(0)

10

697
30
320
2,848

365
1
419
2,852

270
402
87
3,470

0
0
117
3,978

1
11
6
42

1,334
444
949
13,190
(2,818)
10,372

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

204

55

247

11

(2)

515

18
461
43
19
488

0
0
1,093
280
0

362
37
16
971
995

3,527
1
0
33
0

(0)
1
4
(20)
1

3,907
499
1,156
1,282
1,484

475

27

22

0

(27)

497

6

0

4

0

(0)

10

646
28
248
2,635

329
3
290
2,078

230
364
41
3,288

0
0
117
3,689

1
10
0
(33)

1,207
405
695
11,657
(2,452)
9,206

Dec 31,2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Major type of services:
Commissions for administration
Commissions for assets under
management
Commissions for other securities
Underwriting and advisory fees
Brokerage fees
Commissions for local payments
Commissions for foreign commercial
business
Commissions for foreign
currency/exchange business
Commissions for loan processing and
guarantees
Intermediary fees
Fees for sundry other customer services
Total commissions and fee income
Commissions and fee expense
Net commissions and fee income

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year.

433

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
06 – Commissions and fee income

Dec 31,2022
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Major type of services:
Commissions for administration
Commissions for assets under
management
Commissions for other securities
Underwriting and advisory fees
Brokerage fees
Commissions for local payments
Commissions for foreign commercial
business
Commissions for foreign
currency/exchange business
Commissions for loan processing and
guarantees
Intermediary fees
Fees for sundry other customer services
Total commissions and fee income
Commissions and fee expense
Net commissions and fee income

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
Consolidated

218

33

254

17

(3)

520

18
512
35
19
479

1
(0)
1,373
253
3

363
47
12
1,164
1,006

3,642
0
0
65
0

(0)
0
(52)
(1)
8

4,024
559
1,368
1,501
1,497

466

33

62

0

(5)

556

15

0

5

0

(0)

19

618
23
282
2,684

298
2
277
2,273

292
523
10
3,739

0
0
122
3,847

5
13
4
(30)

1,213
562
695
12,512
(2,675)
9,838

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year.

Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied. Performance obligation is satisfied by fund
performance exceeding a hurdle rate, an agreed minimum annual return provided to investors. As of December 31, 2024,
there were performance obligations to be satisfied of € 250 million with a time band of four years from 2025 to 2028 (as
of December 31, 2023, € 225 million with a time band of three years from 2025 to 2027) from Alternative funds. The
increase is attributable to appreciation of the funds’ assets and the expansion of the time band to a reassessed timing of
future asset sales.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Group’s balance of receivables from commission and fee income
was € 831 million and € 903 million respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Group’s balance
of contract liabilities associated to commission and fee income was € 84 million and € 90 million, respectively. Contract
liabilities arise from the Group’s obligation to provide future services to a customer for which it has received consideration
from the customer prior to completion of the services. The balances of receivables and contract liabilities do not vary
significantly from period to period reflecting the fact that they predominately relate to recurring service contracts with
service periods of less than one year such as monthly current account services and quarterly asset management services.
As a result, prior period balances of contract liabilities are generally recognized in revenue in the subsequent period. There
are some contracts where customer payment in exchange for services provided by the Group over the service period are
not required until the end of the contract period. If the Group is virtually certain to receive payment at the end of the
contract period, a contract asset and respective commission and fee income is recognized when services are performed.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the bank has recognized no material contract assets.

434

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
09 – General and administrative expenses

07 – Net gains (losses) from derecognition of financial assets
measured at amortized cost
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Group sold financial assets measured at amortized cost of
€ 656 million (December 31, 2023: € 559 million and December 31, 2022: € 473 million). The sales related primarily to a
Hold to Collect portfolio in Investment Bank, Private Bank, and Corporate Bank.
The table below presents the gains and (losses) arising from derecognition of these securities.
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Gains
Losses
Net gains (losses) from derecognition of financial assets measured at amortized cost

10
(21)
(11)

5
(101)
(96)

11
(13)
(2)

in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Other income (loss):
Insurance premiums
Net income (loss) from hedge relationships qualifying for hedge accounting
Remaining other income (loss)1
Total other income (loss)

12
738
(131)
619

4
1,206
48
1,259

3
(151)
937
789

08 – Other income (loss)

1

Includes net gains (losses) of € 32 million, € 41 million and € 404 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, that are related to noncurrent assets and disposal groups held for sale.

09 – General and administrative expenses
in € m.

General and administrative expenses:
Information Technology
Occupancy, furniture and equipment expenses
Regulatory, Tax & Insurance1
Professional services
Banking Services and outsourced operations
Market Data and Research Services
Travel expenses
Marketing expenses
Other expenses2
Total general and administrative expenses
1
2

2024

2023

2022

3,610
1,624
1,028
763
964
400
153
149
2,552
11,243

3,755
1,478
1,399
899
964
374
143
203
899
10,112

3,680
1,429
1,285
858
881
378
110
165
943
9,728

Includes bank levy of € 172 million in 2024, € 528 million in 2023 and € 762 million in 2022
Includes litigation related expenses of € 2,035 million in 2024 and € 311 million in 2023 and € 413 million in 2022; see Note 27 “Provisions”, for more details on litigation

435

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
10 – Restructuring

10 – Restructuring
In 2024, Restructuring is primarily driven by the implementation of the Group’s Global Hausbank strategic agenda. The
Group has defined and is in the process of implementing efficiency measures that aim to contribute to achieving the bank’s
2025 targets. Restructuring in prior periods relates to measures as part of the previous strategy “Compete to win” which
the bank continues to implement.
Restructuring expense is comprised of termination benefits, additional expenses covering the acceleration of deferred
compensation awards not yet amortized due to the discontinuation of employment and contract termination costs related
to real estate.
In 2024, the Group made significant progress in strategic transformation, with several restructuring programs concluding
and the underlying assumptions for the remaining restructuring provisions reviewed resulting in a partial release of
provisions of € 149 million. Additionally, the Group initiated new restructuring programs during 2024 requiring provisions
of € 138 million and recognized further expense on existing programs of € 8 million. Overall in 2024, the Group
recognized a credit of € 3 million in the Consolidated Statement of Income
Net restructuring expense by division
in € m.

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Corporate & Other
Total Net Restructuring Charges

2024

2023

2022

(1)
(0)
(3)
0
0
(3)

(4)
(3)
228
0
(1)
220

(19)
15
(113)
0
(2)
(118)

2024

2023

2022

(5)

178

(117)

(6)
0
1
1
(3)

176
1
1
42
220

(132)
15
0
(1)
(118)

Net restructuring by type
in € m.

Restructuring – Staff related
thereof:
Termination Benefits
Retention Acceleration
Social Security
Restructuring – Non Staff related
Total Net Restructuring Charges

Provisions for restructuring amounted to € 273 million, € 333 million and € 248 million as of December 31, 2024,
December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The majority of the current provisions for restructuring are
expected to be utilized in the next year.
During 2024, 168 full-time equivalent staff was reduced through restructuring (2023: 476 and 2022: 903).
Organizational changes
Full-time equivalent staff

2024

2023

2022

Corporate Bank
Investment Bank
Private Bank
Asset Management
Infrastructure
Total full-time equivalent staff

10
5
116
2
35
168

29
9
377
0
61
476

113
54
594
1
141
903

436

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated income statement
11 – Earnings per share

11 – Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share amounts are computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders
by the average number of common shares outstanding during the year. The average number of common shares
outstanding is defined as the average number of common shares issued, reduced by the average number of shares in
treasury and by the average number of shares that will be acquired under physically-settled forward purchase contracts,
and increased by undistributed vested shares awarded under deferred share plans.
Diluted earnings per share assumes the conversion into common shares of outstanding securities or other contracts to
issue common stock, such as share options, convertible debt, unvested deferred share awards and forward contracts. The
aforementioned instruments are only included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share if they are dilutive in the
respective reporting period.
Computation of basic and diluted earnings per share
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

3,366
(574)

4,772
(498)

5,525
(479)

2,792
0

4,274
0

5,046
0

2,792

4,274

5,046

1,993.6

2,064.1

2,084.9

45.7
0.0
45.7

39.9
0.0
39.9

40.7
0.0
40.7

2,039.3

2,104.0

2,125.6

in €

2024

2023

2022

Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

1.40
1.37

2.07
2.03

2.42
2.37

Net income (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders and additional equity
components
Coupons paid on additional equity components
Net income (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders –
numerator for basic earnings per share
Effect of dilutive securities
Net income (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders after assumed
conversions – numerator for diluted earnings per share
Number of shares in million
Weighted-average shares outstanding – denominator for basic earnings per share
Effect of dilutive securities:
Deferred shares
Other (including trading options)
Dilutive potential common shares
Adjusted weighted-average shares after assumed conversions –
denominator for diluted earnings per share

Earnings per share

There were no instruments outstanding that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share and are not included in the
calculation of diluted earnings per share as of December 31, 2024.

437

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
12 – Financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
12 – Financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss
in € m.

Financial assets classified as held for trading:
Trading assets:
Trading securities
Other trading assets1
Total trading assets
Positive market values from derivative financial instruments
Total financial assets classified as held for trading
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss:
Securities purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Loans
Other financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss
Total Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss:
Loans
Other financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
Total financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

124,857
14,914
139,772
291,754
431,525

115,832
9,443
125,275
251,856
377,131

88,736
15,913
1,954
7,721
114,324

65,937
13,036
812
8,261
88,047

0
0
0
545,849

75
0
75
465,252

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

41,864
1,635
43,498
276,395
319,893

43,114
890
44,005
238,260
282,264

69,121
6
22,203
717
92,047
454
412,395

72,377
5
10,709
636
83,727
484
366,475

Includes traded loans of € 11.4 billion and € 8.2 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively

in € m.

Financial liabilities classified as held for trading:
Trading liabilities:
Trading securities
Other trading liabilities
Total trading liabilities
Negative market values from derivative financial instruments
Total financial liabilities classified as held for trading
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss:
Securities sold under repurchase agreements
Loan commitments
Long-term debt
Other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Total financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

438

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
12 – Financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets & liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
The Group has designated various lending relationships at fair value through profit or loss. Lending facilities consist of
drawn loan assets and undrawn irrevocable loan commitments. The maximum exposure to credit risk on a drawn loan is its
fair value. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on drawn loans was € 0 million and € 75 million as of December 31,
2024, and 2023, respectively. Exposure to credit risk also exists for undrawn irrevocable loan commitments and is
predominantly counterparty credit risk.
The credit risk on the securities purchased under resale agreements and securities borrowed designated under the fair
value option is mitigated by the holding of collateral. The valuation of these instruments considers the credit enhancement
in the form of the collateral received. As such there is no material movement during the year or cumulatively due to
movements in counterparty credit risk on these instruments.
Changes in fair value of financial assets attributable to movements in counterparty credit risk
in € m.

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

0
0
0
0
0
0

75
1
(0)
40
(0)
(1)

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

(157)

19

0
0

0
0

Notional value of financial assets exposed to credit risk
Annual change in the fair value reflected in the Statement of Income
Cumulative change in the fair value
Notional of credit derivatives used to mitigate credit risk
Annual change in the fair value reflected in the Statement of Income
Cumulative change in the fair value

Changes in fair value of financial liabilities attributable to movements in the Group’s credit risk 1
in € m.

Presented in Other comprehensive Income
Cumulative change in the fair value
Presented in Statement of income
Annual change in the fair value reflected in the Statement of Income
Cumulative change in the fair value
1

The fair value of a financial liability incorporates the credit risk of that financial liability. Changes in the fair value of financial liabilities issued by consolidated structured
entities have been excluded as this is not related to the Group’s credit risk but to that of the legally isolated structured entity, which is dependent on the collateral it
holds

Transfers of the cumulative gains or losses within equity during the period
in € m.

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

0

0

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

(8)

0

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

1,085
497

1,769
1,104

Cumulative gains or losses within equity during the period

Amounts realized on derecognition of liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
in € m.

Amount presented in other comprehensive income realized at derecognition

The excess of the contractual amount repayable at maturity over the carrying value of financial liabilities 1
in € m.

Including undrawn loan commitments²
Excluding undrawn loan commitments
1

2

Assuming the liability is extinguished at the earliest contractual maturity that the Group can be required to repay. When the amount payable is not fixed, it is determined
by reference to conditions existing at the reporting date
The contractual cash flows at maturity for undrawn loan commitments assume full drawdown of the facility

439

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value
Valuation methods and control
The Group has an established valuation control framework which governs internal control standards, methodologies, and
procedures over the valuation process.
Prices quoted in active markets – The fair value of instruments that are quoted in active markets are determined using the
quoted prices where they represent prices at which regularly and recently occurring transactions take place.
Valuation techniques – The Group uses valuation techniques to establish the fair value of instruments where prices, quoted
in active markets, are not available. Valuation techniques used for financial instruments include modelling techniques, the
use of indicative quotes for proxy instruments, quotes from recent and less regular transactions and broker quotes.
For some financial instruments a rate or other parameter, rather than a price, is quoted. Where this is the case then the
market rate or parameter is used as an input to a valuation model to determine fair value. For some instruments, modelling
techniques follow industry standard models, for example, discounted cash flow analysis and standard option pricing
models. These models are dependent upon estimated future cash flows, discount factors and volatility levels. For more
complex or unique instruments, more sophisticated modelling techniques are required, and may rely upon assumptions or
more complex parameters such as correlations, prepayment speeds, default rates and loss severity.
Frequently, valuation models require multiple parameter inputs. Where possible, parameter inputs are based on
observable data or are derived from the prices of relevant instruments traded in active markets. Where observable data is
not available for parameter inputs, then other market information is considered. For example, indicative broker quotes and
consensus pricing information are used to support parameter inputs where they are available. Where no observable
information is available to support parameter inputs then they are based on other relevant sources of information such as
prices for similar transactions, historic data, economic fundamentals, and research information, with appropriate
adjustment to reflect the terms of the actual instrument being valued and current market conditions.
Valuation adjustments – Valuation adjustments are an integral part of the valuation process. In making appropriate
valuation adjustments, the Group follows methodologies that consider factors such as bid-offer spreads,
counterparty/own credit and funding risk. Bid offer spread valuation adjustments are required to adjust mid-market
valuations to the appropriate bid or offer valuation. The bid or offer valuation is the best representation of the fair value
for an instrument. The carrying value of a long position is adjusted from mid to bid, and the carrying value of a short position
is adjusted from mid to offer. Bid-offer valuation adjustments are determined from bid-offer prices observed in relevant
trading activity and in quotes from other broker-dealers or other knowledgeable counterparties. Where the quoted price
for the instrument is already a bid-offer price then no additional bid-offer valuation adjustment is necessary. Where the
fair value of financial instruments is derived from a modelling technique, then the parameter inputs into that model are
normally at a mid-market level. Such instruments are generally managed on a portfolio basis and, when specified criteria
are met, valuation adjustments are taken to reflect the cost of closing out the net exposure the Bank has to individual
market or counterparty risks. These adjustments are determined from bid-offer prices observed in relevant trading activity
and quotes from other broker-dealers.
Where complex valuation models are used, or where less-liquid positions are being valued, then bid-offer levels for those
positions may not be available directly from the market, and therefore for the close-out cost of these positions, models
and parameters must be estimated. When these adjustments are designed, the Group closely examines the valuation risks
associated with the model as well as the positions themselves, and the resulting adjustments are closely monitored on an
ongoing basis.
Counterparty credit valuation adjustments (CVAs) are required to cover expected credit losses to the extent that the
valuation technique does not already include an expected credit loss factor relating to the non-performance risk of the
counterparty. The CVA amount is applied to all relevant over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives, and is determined by
assessing the potential credit exposure to a given counterparty and taking into account any collateral held, the effect of
any relevant netting arrangements, expected loss given default and the probability of default, based on available market
information, including credit default swap (CDS) spreads. Where counterparty CDS spreads are not available, relevant
proxies are used.

440

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

The fair value of the Group’s financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (i.e., OTC derivative liabilities and issued
note liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss) incorporates valuation adjustments to measure the change
in the Group’s own credit risk (i.e., debt valuation adjustments (DVA) for derivatives and own credit adjustment (OCA) for
issued note liabilities). Issued note liabilities are discounted utilizing the spread at which similar instruments would be
traded as at the measurement date as this reflects the value from the perspective of a market participant who holds the
identical item as an asset. The change in this own credit component is reported under other comprehensive income (OCI).
For derivative liabilities the Group considers its own creditworthiness by assessing all counterparties expected future
exposure to the Group, taking into account any collateral posted by the Group, the effect of relevant netting arrangements,
the market price of the Group’s issued note liabilities, the market implied funding costs and the seniority of derivative
claims under resolution (statutory subordination).
When determining CVA and DVA, additional adjustments are made where appropriate to achieve fair value, due to the
expected loss estimate of a particular arrangement, or where the credit risk being assessed differs in nature to that
described by the available CDS instrument.
Funding valuation adjustments (FVA) are required to incorporate the market implied funding costs into the fair value of
derivative positions. The FVA reflects a discounting spread applied to uncollateralized and partially collateralized
derivatives and is determined by assessing the market-implied funding costs on both assets and liabilities.
Where there is uncertainty in the assumptions used within a modelling technique, an additional adjustment is taken to
calibrate the model price to the expected market price of the financial instrument. Typically, such transactions have bidoffer levels which are less observable, and these adjustments aim to estimate the bid-offer by computing the liquiditypremium associated with the transaction. Where a financial instrument is of sufficient complexity that the cost of closing
it out would be higher than the cost of closing out its component risks, then an additional adjustment is taken to reflect
this.
The Group uses the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. Where relevant,
these assumptions may include assumptions about climate change. The Group has not made material adjustment to fair
value for climate change beyond that already priced into market inputs.
Valuation control – The Group has an independent specialized valuation control group within the Risk function which
governs and develops the valuation control framework and manages the valuation control processes. The mandate of this
specialist function includes the performance of the independent valuation control process for all businesses, the
continued development of valuation control methodologies and techniques, as well as devising and governing the formal
valuation control policy framework. Special attention of this independent valuation control group is directed to areas
where management judgment forms part of the valuation process.
Results of the valuation control process are collected and analyzed as part of a standard monthly reporting cycle.
Variances of differences outside of preset and approved tolerance levels are escalated both within the finance function
and with senior business management for review, resolution and, if required, adjustment.
For instruments where fair value is determined from valuation models, the assumptions and techniques used within the
models are independently validated by an independent specialist model validation group that is part of the Group’s Risk
Management function.
Quotes for transactions and parameter inputs are obtained from a number of third party sources including exchanges,
pricing service providers, firm broker quotes and consensus pricing services. Price sources are examined and assessed to
determine the quality of fair value information they represent, with greater emphasis given to those possessing greater
valuation certainty and relevance. The results are compared against actual transactions in the market to ensure the model
valuations are calibrated to market prices.
Price and parameter inputs to models, assumptions and valuation adjustments are verified against independent sources.
Where they cannot be verified to independent sources due to lack of observable information, the estimate of fair value is
subject to procedures to assess its reasonableness. Such procedures include performing revaluation using independently
generated models (including where existing models are independently recalibrated), assessing the valuations against
appropriate proxy instruments and other benchmarks, and performing extrapolation techniques. Assessment is made as to
whether the valuation techniques produce fair value estimates that are reflective of market levels by calibrating the results
of the valuation models against market transactions where possible.

441

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Valuation techniques
The Group has an established valuation control framework which governs internal control standards, methodologies,
valuation techniques and procedures over the valuation process and fair value measurement. The current market
conditions including the ongoing macro-economic challenges and geopolitical uncertainties required additional focus and
review in certain areas, during the year 2024 including assessment of bid-offer spreads to ensure they are representative
of fair value.
The following is an explanation of the valuation techniques used in establishing the fair value of the different types of
financial instruments that the Group trades.
Sovereign, quasi-sovereign and corporate debt and equity securities – Where there are no recent transactions then fair
value may be determined from the last market price adjusted for all changes in risks and information since that date. Where
a close proxy instrument is quoted in an active market then fair value is determined by adjusting the proxy value for
differences in the risk profile of the instruments. Where close proxies are not available then fair value is estimated using
more complex modelling techniques. These techniques include discounted cash flow models using current market rates
for credit, interest, liquidity and other risks. For equity securities modeling techniques may also include those based on
earnings multiples.
Mortgage- and other asset-backed securities (MBS/ABS) include residential and commercial MBS and other ABS including
collateralized debt obligations (CDO). ABS have specific characteristics as they have different underlying assets, and the
issuing entities have different capital structures. The complexity increases further where the underlying assets are
themselves ABS, as is the case with many of the CDO instruments.
Where no reliable external pricing is available, ABS are valued, where applicable, using either relative value analysis which
is performed based on similar transactions observable in the market, or industry-standard valuation models making largest
possible use of available observable inputs. The industry standard models calculate principal and interest payments for a
given deal based on assumptions that can be independently price tested. The inputs include prepayment speeds, loss
assumptions (timing and severity) and a discount rate (spread, yield or discount margin). These inputs/assumptions are
derived from actual transactions, external market research and market indices where appropriate.
Loans – For certain loans fair value may be determined from the market price on a recently occurring transaction adjusted
for all changes in risks and information since that transaction date. Where there are no recent market transactions then
broker quotes, consensus pricing, proxy instruments or discounted cash flow models are used to determine fair value.
Discounted cash flow models incorporate parameter inputs for credit risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, loss
given default estimates and amounts utilized given default, as appropriate. Credit risk, loss given default and utilization
given default parameters are determined using information from the loan or CDS markets, where available and appropriate.
Leveraged loans can have transaction-specific characteristics which can limit the relevance of market-observed
transactions. Where similar transactions exist for which observable quotes are available from external pricing services then
this information is used with appropriate adjustments to reflect the transaction differences. When no similar transactions
exist, a discounted cash flow valuation technique is used with credit spreads derived from the appropriate leveraged loan
index, incorporating the industry classification, subordination of the loan, and any other relevant information on the loan
and loan counterparty.
Over-the-counter derivative financial instruments – Market standard transactions in liquid trading markets, such as interest
rate swaps, foreign exchange forward and option contracts in G7 currencies, and equity swap and option contracts on
listed securities or indices are valued using market standard models and quoted parameter inputs. Parameter inputs are
obtained from pricing services, consensus pricing services and recently occurring transactions in active markets wherever
possible.
More complex instruments are modeled using more sophisticated modeling techniques specific for the instrument and are
calibrated to available market prices. Where the model output value does not calibrate to a relevant market reference then
valuation adjustments are made to the model output value to adjust for any difference. In less active markets, data is
obtained from less frequent market transactions, broker quotes and through extrapolation and interpolation techniques.
Where observable prices or inputs are not available, management judgment is required to determine fair values by
assessing other relevant sources of information such as historical data, fundamental analysis of the economics of the
transaction and proxy information from similar transactions.

442

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option – The fair value of financial
liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option incorporates all market risk factors
including a measure of the Group’s credit risk relevant for that financial liability (i.e., own credit adjustment (OCA) for
structured notes). Under IFRS 9, the own credit component of change in the fair value is reported under other
comprehensive income (OCI). Financial liabilities included in this classification are structured note issuances, structured
deposits, and other structured securities issued by consolidated vehicles. The fair value of these financial liabilities is
determined by discounting the contractual cash flows using the relevant credit-adjusted yield curve (i.e., utilizing the
spread at which similar instruments would be traded as at the measurement date as this reflects the value from the
perspective of a market participant who holds the identical item as an asset).
Where the financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option are collateralized,
such as securities loaned and securities sold under repurchase agreements, the credit enhancement is factored into the
fair valuation of the liability.
Investment contract liabilities – Assets which are linked to the investment contract liabilities are owned by the Group. The
investment contract obliges the Group to use these assets to settle these liabilities. Therefore, the fair value of investment
contract liabilities is determined by the fair value of the underlying assets (i.e., amount payable on surrender of the policies).

Fair value hierarchy
The financial instruments carried at fair value have been categorized under the three levels of the IFRS fair value hierarchy
as follows:
Level 1 – Instruments valued using quoted prices in active markets are instruments where the fair value can be determined
directly from prices which are quoted in active, liquid markets.
These include: government bonds, exchange-traded derivatives and equity securities traded on active, liquid exchanges.
Level 2 – Instruments valued with valuation techniques using observable market data are instruments where the fair value
can be determined by reference to similar instruments trading in active markets, or where a technique is used to derive the
valuation but where all significant inputs to that technique are observable.
These include: many OTC derivatives, many investment-grade listed credit bonds, some CDS.
Level 3 – Instruments valued using valuation techniques using market data which is not directly observable are instruments
where the fair value cannot be determined directly by reference to market-observable information, and some other pricing
technique must be employed. Instruments classified in this category have an input to that technique which is
unobservable, and which can have a significant impact on the fair value.
These include: more-complex OTC derivatives, distressed debt, highly-structured bonds, illiquid asset-backed securities
(ABS), illiquid CDO’s (cash and synthetic), some private equity placements, many commercial real estate (CRE) loans,
illiquid loans, and some municipal bonds.

443

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Financial instruments held at fair value1
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Financial assets held at fair value:
Trading assets
Trading securities
Other trading assets
Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair
value through profit or loss
Financial assets designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income
Other financial assets at fair value
Total financial assets held at fair value
Financial liabilities held at fair value:
Trading liabilities
Trading securities
Other trading liabilities
Negative market values from derivative
financial instruments
Financial liabilities designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities
Other financial liabilities at fair value
Total financial liabilities held at fair value

Quoted
prices in
active market
(Level 1)

Valuation
technique
observable
parameters
(Level 2)

Valuation
technique
unobservable
parameters
(Level 3)

52,387
52,387
0

78,237
69,507
8,730

912

Dec 31, 2023
Quoted
prices in
active market
(Level 1)

Valuation
technique
observable
parameters
(Level 2)

Valuation
technique
unobservable
parameters
(Level 3)

9,148
2,964
6,184

53,095
52,886
210

62,760
59,752
3,007

9,420
3,194
6,226

282,909

7,933

2,198

241,460

8,198

1,346

107,173

5,805

2,275

80,744

5,028

0

0

0

0

75

0

21,901
1,488
78,034

16,806
(1,117)2
484,008

3,383
12
26,281

18,273
1,353
77,193

14,324
(469)2
398,894

2,949
5
25,599

30,765
30,765
0

12,614
11,073
1,542

119
26
93

36,361
36,361
0

7,617
6,727
890

27
26
0

2,238

265,450

8,707

2,333

228,261

7,666

0
0
539
33,543

87,479
454
3,1162
369,113

4,569
0
(13)3
13,382

169
0
486
39,349

80,309
484
1,2132
317,884

3,248
0
(85)3
10,856

Amounts in this table are generally presented on a gross basis, in line with the Group’s accounting policy regarding offsetting of financial instruments, as described in
Note 1 “Material accounting policies and critical accounting estimates”
Predominantly relates to derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
3
Relates to derivatives which are embedded in contracts where the host contract is held at amortized cost but for which the embedded derivative is separated. The
separated embedded derivatives may have a positive or a negative fair value but have been presented in this table to be consistent with the classification of the host
contract. The separated embedded derivatives are held at fair value on a recurring basis and have been split between the fair value hierarchy classifications
1

2

During the year 2024, there were transfers in trading securities and non-trading financial assets from Level 1 to Level 2
amounting to € 14 billion of assets and € 6 billion of liabilities; along with transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 of € 9 billion in
assets and € 3 billion in liabilities. The assessment of Level 1 versus Level 2 is based on liquidity testing procedures.

Analysis of financial instruments with fair value derived from valuation
techniques containing significant unobservable parameters (Level 3)
Some of the financial assets and financial liabilities in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy have identical or similar offsetting
exposures to the unobservable input. However, according to IFRS they are required to be presented gross.
Trading securities – Certain illiquid emerging market corporate bonds and illiquid highly structured corporate bonds are
included in this level of the hierarchy. In addition, some of the holdings of notes issued by securitization entities,
commercial and residential MBS, collateralized debt obligation securities and other ABS are reported here. The decrease
in the period is driven by sales, settlements, and net transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 due to changes in the
observability of input parameters used to value these instruments, partially offset by purchases and gains.
Positive and negative market values from derivative instruments categorized in this level of the fair value hierarchy are
valued based on one or more significant unobservable parameters. The unobservable parameters may include certain
correlations, certain longer-term volatilities, certain prepayment rates, credit spreads and other transaction-specific
parameters.
Level 3 derivatives include certain options where the volatility is unobservable; certain basket options in which the
correlations between the referenced underlying assets are unobservable; longer-term interest rate option derivatives;
multi-currency foreign exchange derivatives; and certain credit default swaps for which the credit spread is not observable.
The decrease in assets during the period are driven by settlements and net transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 due to
changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments, partially offset by gains. The increase in
liabilities during the period are driven by losses, net transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 due to changes in the
observability of input parameters used to value these instruments, partially offset by settlements.

444

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Other trading instruments classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy mainly consist of traded loans valued using
valuation models based on one or more significant unobservable parameters. The decrease in the period is driven by
settlements, sales and net transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 due to changes in the observability of input parameters
used to value these instruments partially offset by issuances, purchases and gains.
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss classified in Level 3 of fair value hierarchy include
any non-trading financial asset that does not fall into the hold to collect nor hold to collect and sell business models. This
includes predominately reverse repurchase agreements which are managed on a fair value basis. Additionally, any financial
asset that falls into the hold to collect or hold to collect and sell business models for which the contractual cash flow
characteristics are not SPPI. The increase in the period is driven by purchases, issuances and gains, partially offset by
settlements and net transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 due to changes in the observability of input parameters used
to value these instruments.
Financial assets/liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss – Certain corporate loans and structured liabilities
which were designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option were categorized in this level of the
fair value hierarchy. The corporate loans are valued using valuation techniques which incorporate observable credit
spreads, recovery rates and unobservable utilization parameters. Revolving loan facilities are reported in the third level of
the hierarchy because the utilization in the event of the default parameter is significant and unobservable.
In addition, certain hybrid debt issuances designated at fair value through profit or loss containing embedded derivatives
are valued based on significant unobservable parameters. These unobservable parameters include single stock volatility
correlations. There are no assets designated at fair value during the period. The increase in liabilities during the period is
driven by issuances and losses partially offset by net transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 due to changes in the
observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and settlements.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include non-performing loan portfolios where there is
no trading intent, and the market is very illiquid. The increase in the period is driven by issuances, purchases, net transfers
between Level 2 and Level 3 due to changes in the observability of input parameters used to value these instruments and
gains, partially offset by settlements and sales.

445

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Reconciliation of financial instruments classified in Level 3
Reconciliation of financial instruments classified in Level 3
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Financial assets held at
fair value:
Trading securities
Positive market values
from derivative financial
instruments
Other trading assets
Non-trading financial
assets mandatory at fair
value through profit or
loss
Financial assets
designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair
value through other
comprehensive income
Other financial assets at
fair value
Total financial assets
held
at fair value
Financial liabilities held
at fair value:
Trading securities
Negative market values
from derivative financial
instruments
Other trading liabilities
Financial liabilities
designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Other financial liabilities
at fair value
Total financial liabilities
held at fair value

Balance,
beginning
of year

Changes
in the
group of
consolidated
companies

Total
gains/
losses1

Purchases

Sales

Issuances2

Settlements3

Transfers
into
Level 34

Transfers
out of
Level 34

Balance,
end of
year

2,995

0

230

1,985

(1,558)

0

(482)

371

(577)

2,964

8,198
6,226

0
0

454
77

0
814

0
(1,378)

0
2,513

(583)
(2,016)

2,257
706

(2,394)
(756)

7,933
6,184

5,226

(1)

88

1,736

(80)

736

(1,098)

365

(1,170)

5,805

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

2,949

0

1265

776

(378)

978

(1,322)

716

(462)

3,383

5

0

3

0

0

0

0

5

(1)

12

25,599

(1)

9776,7

5,311

(3,393)

4,227

(5,501)

4,421

(5,359)

26,281

26

0

(0)

0

0

0

0

0

0

26

7,666
0

0
0

1,186
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

(175)
93

2,156
0

(2,126)
0

8,707
93

3,248

0

129

0

0

2,958

(474)

377

(1,669)

4,569

(85)

0

102

0

0

0

18

1

(49)

(13)

10,856

0

1,4176,7

0

0

2,958

(537)

2,533

(3,844)

13,382

Total gains and losses predominantly relate to net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss reported in the consolidated statement of
income. The balance also includes net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income reported in the consolidated statement of
income and unrealized net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and exchange rate changes reported in other
comprehensive income, net of tax. Further, certain instruments are hedged with instruments in level 1 or level 2 but the table above does not include the gains and losses
on these hedging instruments. Additionally, both observable and unobservable parameters may be used to determine the fair value of an instrument classified within
level 3 of the fair value hierarchy; the gains and losses presented below are attributable to movements in both the observable and unobservable parameters
2
Issuances relate to the cash amount received on the issuance of a liability and the cash amount paid on the primary issuance of a loan to a borrower
3
Settlements represent cash flows to settle the asset or liability. For debt and loan instruments this includes principal on maturity, principal amortizations and principal
repayments. For derivatives all cash flows are presented in settlements
4
Transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 are related to changes in observability of input parameters. During the year they are recorded at their fair value at the beginning
of year. For instruments transferred into Level 3 the table shows the gains and losses and cash flows on the instruments as if they had been transferred at the beginning
of the year. Similarly, for instruments transferred out of Level 3 the table does not show any gains or losses or cash flows on the instruments during the year since the
table is presented as if they have been transferred out at the beginning of the year
5
Total gains and losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include a gain of € 29 million recognized in other comprehensive income, net
of tax
6
This amount includes the effect of exchange rate changes. For total financial assets held at fair value this effect is a gain of € 362 million and for total financial liabilities
held at fair value this is a loss of € 19 million
7
For assets positive balances represent gains, negative balances represent losses. For liabilities positive balances represent losses, negative balances represent gains
1

446

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Financial assets held at
fair value:
Trading securities
Positive market values
from derivative financial
instruments
Other trading assets
Non-trading financial
assets mandatory at fair
value through profit or
loss
Financial assets
designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair
value through other
comprehensive income
Other financial assets at
fair value
Total financial assets
held
at fair value
Financial liabilities held
at
fair value:
Trading securities
Negative market values
from derivative financial
instruments
Other trading liabilities
Financial liabilities
designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Other financial liabilities
at fair value
Total financial liabilities
held at fair value

Balance,
beginning
of year

Changes
in the
group of
consolidated
companies

Total
gains/
losses1

Purchases

Sales

Issuances2

Settlements3

Transfers
into
Level 34

Transfers
out of
Level 34

Balance,
end of
year

3,053

0

22

1,651

(974)

43

(615)

545

(532)

3,194

9,564
5,494

0
0

104
42

0
604

0
(997)

0
2,253

(538)
(1,424)

2,073
636

(3,006)
(383)

8,198
6,226

5,790

15

(51)

682

(254)

504

(1,190)

211

(681)

5,028

94

0

0

0

0

0

(94)

0

0

0

2,676

0

(65)5

238

(214)

1,918

(1,280)

184

(509)

2,949

5

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

5

26,675

15

536,7

3,176

(2,438)

4,719

(5,140)

3,650

(5,110)

25,599

30

0

(4)

0

0

0

0

0

(0)

26

8,500
3

0
0

101
3

0
0

0
0

0
0

(435)
(6)

1,848
0

(2,348)
0

7,666
0

2,792

0

43

0

0

2,272

(853)

27

(1,032)

3,248

(511)

0

325

0

0

0

54

3

44

(85)

10,815

0

4686,7

0

0

2,272

(1,240)

1,878

(3,336)

10,856

Total gains and losses predominantly relate to net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss reported in the consolidated statement of
income. The balance also includes net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income reported in the consolidated statement of
income and unrealized net gains (losses) on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and exchange rate changes reported in other
comprehensive income, net of tax. Further, certain instruments are hedged with instruments in level 1 or level 2 but the table above does not include the gains and losses
on these hedging instruments. Additionally, both observable and unobservable parameters may be used to determine the fair value of an instrument classified within
level 3 of the fair value hierarchy; the gains and losses presented below are attributable to movements in both the observable and unobservable parameters
2
Issuances relate to the cash amount received on the issuance of a liability and the cash amount paid on the primary issuance of a loan to a borrower
3
Settlements represent cash flows to settle the asset or liability. For debt and loan instruments this includes principal on maturity, principal amortizations and principal
repayments. For derivatives all cash flows are presented in settlements
4
Transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 are related to changes in observability of input parameters. During the year they are recorded at their fair value at the beginning
of year. For instruments transferred into Level 3 the table shows the gains and losses and cash flows on the instruments as if they had been transferred at the beginning
of the year. Similarly, for instruments transferred out of Level 3 the table does not show any gains or losses or cash flows on the instruments during the year since the
table is presented as if they have been transferred out at the beginning of the year
5
Total gains and losses on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include a loss of € 17 million recognized in other comprehensive income, net
of tax and a loss of € 3 million recognized in the income statement presented in net gains (losses)
6
This amount includes the effect of exchange rate changes. For total financial assets held at fair value this effect is a loss of € 273 million and for total financial liabilities
held at fair value this is a gain of € 44 million
7
For assets positive balances represent gains, negative balances represent losses. For liabilities positive balances represent losses, negative balances represent gains
1

Sensitivity analysis of unobservable parameters
Where the value of financial instruments is dependent on unobservable parameter inputs, the precise level for these
parameters at the balance sheet date might be drawn from a range of reasonably possible alternatives. In preparing the
financial statements, appropriate levels for these unobservable input parameters are chosen so that they are consistent
with prevailing market evidence and in line with the Group’s approach to valuation control detailed above.
The Group’s sensitivity calculation of unobservable parameters for Level 3 aligns to the approach used to assess valuation
uncertainty for prudent valuation purposes. Prudent valuation is a capital requirement for assets held at fair value. It
provides a mechanism for quantifying and capitalizing valuation uncertainty in accordance with the European Commission
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/101, which supplements Article 34 of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRR), requiring
institutions to apply the requirements of Article 105 (14) to all assets measured at fair value and to deduct any additional
value adjustments from CET1 capital. This utilizes an exit price analysis performed for the relevant assets and liabilities in
the Prudent Valuation assessment.

447

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

If the Group marked Level 3 financial instruments using parameter values drawn from the extremes of the ranges of
reasonably possible alternatives, as of December 31, 2024 it could have increased fair value by as much as € 2.1 billion or
decreased fair value by as much as € 1.3 billion. As of December 31, 2023 it could have increased fair value by as much as
€ 1.8 billion or decreased fair value by as much as € 1.3 billion.
The changes in sensitive amounts from December 31, 2023 to December 31, 2024 were an increase in positive fair value
movement of € 261 million, and an increase in negative fair value movement of € 64 million.
The change in positive fair value movements from December 31, 2023 to December 31, 2024 represents a 15% increase
and the change in negative fair value movements represents a 5% increase. In the period, the bank has made refinements
to the methodology for the calculation of L3 fair value sensitivity. These do not change the fair value of the L3 financial
instruments. The Group’s sensitivity calculation of unobservable parameters for level 3 continues to align to the approach
used to assess valuation uncertainty for prudent valuation purposes.
This disclosure is intended to illustrate the potential impact of the relative uncertainty in the fair value of financial
instruments for which valuation is dependent on unobservable input parameters. However, it is unlikely in practice that all
unobservable parameters would be simultaneously at the extremes of their ranges of reasonably possible alternatives.
Hence, the estimates disclosed above are likely to be greater than the true uncertainty in fair value at the balance sheet
date. Furthermore, the disclosure is neither predictive nor indicative of future movements in fair value.
For many of the financial instruments considered here, in particular derivatives, unobservable input parameters represent
only a subset of the parameters required to price the financial instrument, the remainder being observable. Hence, for
these instruments the overall impact of moving the unobservable input parameters to the extremes of their ranges might
be relatively small compared with the total fair value of the financial instrument. For other instruments, fair value is
determined based on the price of the entire instrument, for example, by adjusting the fair value of a reasonable proxy
instrument. In addition, all financial instruments are already carried at fair values which are inclusive of valuation
adjustments for the cost to close out that instrument and hence already factor in uncertainty as it reflects itself in market
pricing. Any negative impact of uncertainty calculated within this disclosure, then, will be over and above that already
included in the fair value contained in the financial statements.
Breakdown of the sensitivity analysis by type of instrument1
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Securities:
Debt securities
Commercial mortgage-backed securities
Mortgage and other asset-backed securities
Corporate, sovereign and other debt securities
Equity securities
Derivatives:
Credit
Equity
Interest related
Foreign Exchange
Other
Loans:
Loans
Other
Total
1

Dec 31, 2023

Positive fair value
movement from
using reasonable
possible alternatives

Negative fair value
movement from
using reasonable
possible alternatives

Positive fair value
movement from
using reasonable
possible alternatives

Negative fair value
movement from
using reasonable
possible alternatives

308
17
11
280
78

276
17
11
248
77

196
16
12
167
94

221
27
19
176
93

207
36
798
56
110

105
33
337
24
105

200
44
633
47
91

101
38
368
17
86

458
0
2,052

387
0
1,343

486
0
1,790

355
0
1,278

Where the exposure to an unobservable parameter is offset across different instruments then only the net impact is disclosed in the table

448

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Quantitative information about the sensitivity of significant unobservable inputs
The behavior of the unobservable parameters on Level 3 fair value measurement is not necessarily independent, and
dynamic relationships often exist between the other unobservable parameters and the observable parameters. Such
relationships, where material to the fair value of a given instrument, are explicitly captured via correlation parameters, or
are otherwise controlled via pricing models or valuation techniques. Frequently, where a valuation technique utilizes more
than one input, the choice of a certain input will bound the range of possible values for other inputs. In addition, broader
market factors (such as interest rates, equity, credit or commodity indices or foreign exchange rates) can also have effects.
The range of values shown below represents the highest and lowest inputs used to value the significant exposures within
Level 3. The diversity of financial instruments that make up the disclosure is significant and therefore the ranges of certain
parameters can be large. For example, the range of credit spreads on mortgage-backed securities represents performing,
more liquid positions with lower spreads than the less liquid, non-performing positions which will have higher credit
spreads. As Level 3 contains the less liquid fair value instruments, the wide ranges of parameters seen is to be expected,
as there is a high degree of pricing differentiation within each exposure type to capture the relevant market dynamics. The
table below provides a brief description of each of the principal parameter types, along with a commentary on significant
interrelationships between them.
Credit Parameters are used to assess the creditworthiness of an exposure, by enabling the probability of default and
resulting losses of a default to be represented. The credit spread is the primary reflection of creditworthiness and
represents the premium or yield return above the benchmark reference instrument (typically LIBOR, or relevant Treasury
Instrument, depending upon the asset being assessed), that a bond holder would require to allow for the credit quality
difference between that entity and the reference benchmark. Higher credit spreads will indicate lower credit quality, and
lead to a lower value for a given bond, or other loan-asset that is to be repaid to the bank by the borrower. Recovery rates
represent an estimate of the amount a lender would receive in the case of a default of a loan, or a bond holder would
receive in the case of default of the bond. Higher recovery rates will give a higher valuation for a given bond position, if
other parameters are held constant. Constant default rate and constant prepayment rate allow more complex loan and
debt assets to be assessed, as these parameters estimate the ongoing defaults arising on scheduled repayments and
coupons, or whether the borrower is making additional (usually voluntary) prepayments. These parameters are particularly
relevant when forming a fair value opinion for mortgage or other types of lending, where repayments are delivered by the
borrower through time, or where the borrower may pre-pay the loan (seen for example in some residential mortgages).
Higher constant default rate will lead to lower valuation of a given loan or mortgage as the lender will ultimately receive
less cash.
Interest rates, credit spreads, inflation rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices are referenced in some option
instruments, or other complex derivatives, where the payoff a holder of the derivative will receive is dependent upon the
behavior of these underlying references through time. Volatility parameters describe key attributes of option behavior by
enabling the variability of returns of the underlying instrument to be assessed. This volatility is a measure of probability,
with higher volatilities denoting higher probabilities of a particular outcome occurring. The underlying references (interest
rates, credit spreads etc.) have an effect on the valuation of options, by describing the size of the return that can be
expected from the option. Therefore, the value of a given option is dependent upon the value of the underlying instrument,
and the volatility of that instrument, representing the size of the payoff, and the probability of that payoff occurring. Where
volatilities are high, the option holder will see a higher option value as there is greater probability of positive returns. A
higher option value will also occur where the payoff described by the option is significant.
Correlations are used to describe influential relationships between underlying references where a derivative or other
instrument has more than one underlying reference. Behind some of these relationships, for example commodity
correlation and interest rate-foreign exchange correlations, typically lie macroeconomic factors such as the impact of
global demand on groups of commodities, or the pricing parity effect of interest rates on foreign exchange rates. More
specific relationships can exist between credit references or equity stocks in the case of credit derivatives and equity
basket derivatives, for example. Credit correlations are used to estimate the relationship between the credit performance
of a range of credit names, and stock correlations are used to estimate the relationship between the returns of a range of
equities. A derivative with a correlation exposure will be either long- or short-correlation. A high correlation suggests a
strong relationship between the underlying references is in force, and this will lead to an increase in value of a longcorrelation derivative. Negative correlations suggest that the relationship between underlying references is opposing, i.e.,
an increase in price of one underlying reference will lead to a reduction in the price of the other.
An EBITDA (‘earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization’) multiple approach can be used in the valuation
of less liquid securities. Under this approach the enterprise value (‘EV’) of an entity can be estimated via identifying the
ratio of the EV to EBITDA of a comparable observable entity and applying this ratio to the EBITDA of the entity for which
a valuation is being estimated. Under this approach a liquidity adjustment is often applied due to the difference in liquidity
between the generally listed comparable used and the company under valuation. A higher EV/EBITDA multiple will result
in a higher fair value.

449

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Financial instruments classified in Level 3 and quantitative information about unobservable inputs
Dec 31, 2024
Fair value
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Valuation technique(s)¹

Significant unobservable
input(s) (Level 3)

0

Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Credit spread (bps)

0%
167

102%
1,486

93

0

Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Credit spread (bps)
Recovery rate
Constant default rate
Constant prepayment rate

0%
106
60%
0%
4%

107%
1,027
85%
4%
18%

124

0

4,379
2,726

4,537
26

Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Credit spread (bps)

0%
9

300%
651

Market approach

0%

100%

5

14

1

15

Discounted cash flow

Price per net asset value
Enterprise value/EBITDA
(multiple)
Enterprise value/Revenue
(multiple)
Weighted average cost
capital

9%

20%

Price based
Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Price
Credit spread (bps)

0%
0%
100

100%
123%
1,621

Recovery rate

40%

84%

Credit spread (bps)
Recovery rate
Utilization
IRR
Repo rate (bps)

226
40%
0%
7%
30

954
84%
100%
13%
285

Assets

Liabilities

31

Range

Financial instruments held at fair value –
Non-Derivative financial instruments held
at fair value:
Mortgage and other asset backed
securities held for trading:
Commercial mortgage-backed
securities
Mortgage- and other asset-backed
securities

Total mortgage- and other asset-backed
securities
Debt securities and other
debt obligations
Held for trading
Corporate, sovereign and
other debt securities
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
Equity securities
Held for trading

Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit
or loss
Loans
Held for trading
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
Loan commitments

2,726
1,499
0

4,512

154
809

0

114

0

695
0
10,817
5,931

93
93

1,779
0

0

3,107
0

6

Discounted cash flow

Other financial instruments

2,2082

513

Loan pricing model
Discounted cash flow

Total non-derivative financial
instruments held at fair value

18,336

4,688

Valuation technique(s) and subsequently the significant unobservable input(s) relate to the respective total position
2
Other financial assets include € 253 million of other trading assets, € 1.8 billion of other non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value, and € 123 million other
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
3
Other financial liabilities include € 51 million of securities sold under repurchase agreements designated at fair value
1

450

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Dec 31, 2024
Fair value
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Assets

Liabilities

Valuation technique(s)

Financial instruments held at fair value:
Market values from derivative
financial instruments:
Interest rate derivatives

5,218

5,207

Discounted cash flow

Option pricing model

Credit derivatives

562

Discounted cash flow

Equity derivatives

642

1,201

Correlation pricing
model
Option pricing model

FX derivatives

995

1,470

Option pricing model

Other derivatives

580

2541

Discounted cash flow
Discounted cash flow
Option pricing model

7,945

8,694

Total market values from derivative
financial instruments
1

510

Significant unobservable
input(s) (Level 3)

Range

Swap rate (bps)
Inflation swap rate
Constant default rate
Constant prepayment rate
Inflation volatility
Interest rate volatility
IR - IR correlation
Hybrid correlation
Credit spread (bps)
Recovery rate

(4,176)
0%
0%
4%
0%
0%
(10)%
(70)%
15
0%

3,975
5%
12%
16%
6%
3%
99%
55%
1,148
40%

Credit correlation
Stock volatility
Index volatility
Index - index correlation
Stock - stock correlation
Stock Forwards
Index Forwards
Volatility
Quoted Vol
Swap rate (bps)
Credit spread (bps)
Index volatility
Price
Commodity correlation

0%
2%
9%
0%
0%
0%
0%
(9)%
0%
(3)
286
0%
17%
0%

0%
86%
27%
0%
0%
1%
1%
33%
0%
100
626
160%
75%
87%

Includes derivatives which are embedded in contracts where the host contract is held at amortized cost but for which the embedded derivative is separated

451

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Dec 31, 2023
Fair value
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Valuation technique(s)¹

Significant unobservable
input(s) (Level 3)

0

Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Credit spread (bps)

0%
220

102%
1,830

94

0

Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Credit spread (bps)
Recovery rate
Constant default rate
Constant prepayment rate

0%
110
50%
0%
2%

104%
1,828
85%
2%
29%

180

0

4,385
2,887

3,116
26

Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Credit spread (bps)

0%
84

300%
651

Market approach

Price per net asset value
Enterprise value/EBITDA
(multiple)

0%

100%

5

15

Assets

Liabilities

Financial instruments held at fair value –
Non-Derivative financial instruments
held at fair value:
Mortgage and other asset backed
securities held for trading:
Commercial mortgage-backed
securities

86

Mortgage- and other asset-backed
securities

Total mortgage- and other asset-backed
securities
Debt securities and other debt
obligations
Held for trading
Corporate, sovereign and other
debt securities
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
Equity securities
Held for trading
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit
or loss
Loans
Held for trading
Non-trading financial assets mandatory
at fair value through profit or loss
Designated at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
Loan commitments

Range

2,887
1,254
0

3,089

244
778

0

127

0

652
0
9,405
6,121

0
0

Discounted cash flow

Weighted average cost
capital

18%

20%

Price based
Price based
Discounted cash flow

Price
Price
Credit spread (bps)

0%
0%
12

100%
124%
1,207

Recovery rate

40%

75%

Credit spread (bps)
Recovery rate
Utilization
IRR
Repo rate (bps)

169
40%
0%
7%
120

1,070
76%
100%
13%
595

696
0

0

2,588
0

5

Discounted cash flow

Other financial instruments

2,6472

1543

Loan pricing model
Discounted cash flow

Total non-derivative financial
instruments held at fair value

17,396

3,275

Valuation technique(s) and subsequently the significant unobservable input(s) relate to the respective total position
2
Other financial assets include € 104 million of other trading assets, € 2.4 billion of other non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value, and € 117 million other
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
3
Other financial liabilities include € 154 million of securities sold under repurchase agreements designated at fair value
1

452

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Dec 31, 2023
Fair value
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Assets

Liabilities

Valuation technique(s)

Financial instruments held at fair value:
Market values from derivative
financial instruments:
Interest rate derivatives

4,997

4,070

Discounted cash flow

Option pricing model

Credit derivatives

Equity derivatives

FX derivatives

Other derivatives

Total market values from derivative
financial instruments
1

501

503

Discounted cash flow

339

1,027

Correlation pricing
model
Option pricing model

1,765

1,850

Option pricing model

601

1301

Discounted cash flow
Discounted cash flow
Option pricing model

8,203

7,581

Significant unobservable
input(s) (Level 3)

Range

Swap rate (bps)
Inflation swap rate
Constant default rate
Constant prepayment rate
Inflation volatility
Interest rate volatility
IR - IR correlation
Hybrid correlation
Credit spread (bps)
Recovery rate

(3,932)
1%
0%
0%
0%
0%
(10)%
(90)%
2
8%

4,150
15%
18%
26%
7%
43%
96%
65%
7,535
40%

Credit correlation
Stock volatility
Index volatility
Index - index correlation
Stock - stock correlation
Stock Forwards
Index Forwards
Volatility
Quoted Vol
Swap rate (bps)
Credit spread (bps)
Index volatility
Price
Commodity correlation

26%
0%
7%
0%
0%
0%
0%
(6)%
0%
(7)
234
0%
73%
0%

59%
84%
23%
0%
0%
3%
6%
39%
0%
50
610
129%
77%
85%

Includes derivatives which are embedded in contracts where the host contract is held at amortized cost but for which the embedded derivative is separated

Unrealized gains or losses on Level 3 instruments held or in issue at the reporting
date
The unrealized gains or losses on Level 3 instruments are not solely due to unobservable parameters. Many of the
parameter inputs to the valuation of instruments in this level of the hierarchy are observable and the gain or loss is partly
due to movements in these observable parameters over the period. Many of the positions in this level of the hierarchy are
economically hedged by instruments which are categorized in other levels of the fair value hierarchy. The offsetting gains
and losses that have been recorded on all such hedges are not included in the table below, which only shows the gains and
losses related to the Level 3 classified instruments themselves held at the reporting date in accordance with IFRS 13. The
unrealized gains and losses on Level 3 instruments are included in both net interest income and net gains on financial
assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss in the consolidated income statement.
in € m.

Financial assets held at fair value:
Trading securities
Positive market values from derivative financial instruments
Other trading assets
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Other financial assets at fair value
Total financial assets held at fair value
Financial liabilities held at fair value:
Trading securities
Negative market values from derivative financial instruments
Other trading liabilities
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
Other financial liabilities at fair value
Total financial liabilities held at fair value
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

113
1,535
(54)
57
0
(4)
(3)
1,645

29
1,347
59
(47)
0
(2)
(0)
1,385

0
(1,930)
0
(104)
(102)
(2,135)
(490)

4
(1,287)
0
(53)
(268)
(1,604)
(219)

453

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
13 – Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value

Recognition of trade date profit
If there are significant unobservable inputs used in a valuation technique on initial recognition, the financial instrument is
recognized at the transaction price and any trade date profit is deferred. The table below presents the movement during
the year of the trade date profits deferred due to significant unobservable parameters for financial instruments classified
at fair value through profit or loss. The balance is predominantly related to derivative instruments.
in € m.

2024

2023

Balance, beginning of year
New trades during the period
Amortization
Matured trades
Subsequent move to observability1
Exchange rate changes
Balance, end of year

577
343
(141)
(53)
(36)2
1
691

550
295
(144)
(69)
(53)
(1)
577

1

2

This includes situations where an input remains unobservable but has become insignificant in relation to the deferred trade date profit in periods subsequent to the trade
date
During the second quarter of 2024, the Group refined its methodology for the significance test of unobservable inputs subsequent to the trade date. This resulted in
release of € 15 million in the second quarter of 2024

454

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
14 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments not carried at Fair Value

14 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments not carried at Fair
Value
Financial instruments not carried at fair value are not managed on a fair value basis. For these instruments fair values are
calculated for disclosure purposes only and do not impact the Group balance sheet or income statement. Additionally,
since the instruments generally do not trade, there is significant management judgment required to determine these fair
values. Differences between the carrying value and the fair value correspond to the movements in interest rates during the
period.
For the following financial instruments which are predominantly short-term, the carrying value represents a reasonable
estimate of the fair value:
Assets
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold, and securities purchased under resale
agreements
Securities borrowed
Other financial assets

Liabilities
Deposits
Central bank funds purchased, and securities sold under repurchase
agreements
Securities loaned
Other short-term borrowings
Other financial liabilities

For all other financial instruments carried at amortized cost, the following valuation techniques are applied:
– Retail lending portfolios with a large number of homogenous loans (e.g., residential mortgages) calculate the fair value
for each product type by discounting the portfolio’s contractual cash flows using the Group’s new loan rates, for lending
to borrowers of similar credit quality, which includes the impact of the macroeconomic environment. Key inputs for
retail mortgages are the difference between historic and current product margins and the estimated prepayment rates.
Capitalized broker fees included in the carrying value are also considered to be at fair value.
– The fair value of the corporate lending portfolio is estimated predominantly by discounting the loan until it’s maturity,
based on the loan specific credit spreads and Deutsche Bank’s funding costs.
– For long-term debt and trust preferred securities, fair value is determined from quoted market prices, where available.
Where quoted market prices are not available, fair value is estimated using a valuation technique that discounts the
remaining contractual cash flows at a rate at which an instrument with similar characteristics is quoted in the market.
– A discounted cash flow model is generally used for determining the fair value of long-term deposits since market data
is usually not available. In addition to the yield curve, Deutsche Bank’s own credit spread is also considered. Credit
spreads of the respective counterparties are not used in the measurement of fair value on financial liabilities at
amortized cost.
For these financial instruments carried at amortized costs, the disclosed fair value is categorized under the IFRS fair value
hierarchy (i.e., Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3) as outlined in Note 13 - “Financial Instruments carried at Fair Value”. In general,
Level 1 includes Cash and Central bank balances; Level 2 includes Interbank balances (w/o central banks), Central bank
funds sold, and securities purchased under resale agreements, Securities borrowed, Other financial assets, Deposits,
Central bank funds purchased, and securities sold under repurchase agreements, Securities loaned, Other short- term
borrowings, Other financial liabilities, Long- term debt and Trust preferred securities; and Level 3 includes Loans.

455

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
14 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments not carried at Fair Value

Estimated fair value of financial instruments not carried at fair value on the balance sheet1
Dec 31, 2024
Valuation
technique
observable
parameters
(Level 2)

Valuation
technique
unobservable
parameters
(Level 3)

Carrying value

Fair value

Quoted
prices in
active market
(Level 1)

147,494
6,160

147,494
6,160

147,494
(0)

0
6,160

0
0

40,803
44

40,923
44

0
0

40,923
44

0
0

Loans

478,921

470,058

0

13,338

456,720

Other financial assets
Financial liabilities:
Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities
sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Other short-term borrowings
Other financial liabilities
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities

92,556

91,214

12,063

78,482

669

666,261

667,609

2

667,607

0

3,740
2
9,895
79,371
114,899
287

3,727
2
9,903
79,371
114,496
273

0
0
0
2,237
0
0

3,727
2
9,903
77,134
112,033
273

0
0
0
0
2,463
0

Valuation
technique
observable
parameters
(Level 2)

Valuation
technique
unobservable
parameters
(Level 3)

in € m.

Financial assets:
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Financial assets:
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Loans
Other financial assets
Financial liabilities:
Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities
sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Other short-term borrowings
Other financial liabilities
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
1

Carrying value

Fair value

Quoted
prices in
active market
(Level 1)

178,416
6,140

178,416
6,140

178,416
0

0
6,140

0
0

14,725
39
473,705
106,596

14,778
39
454,972
105,132

0
0
0
13,304

14,034
39
11,519
90,973

744
0
443,453
855

622,035

624,731

2

624,729

0

3,038
3
9,620
99,272
119,390
289

3,031
3
9,628
99,272
117,510
264

0
0
0
1,961
0
0

3,031
3
9,628
97,311
113,723
264

0
0
0
0
3,787
0

Amounts generally presented on a gross basis, in line with the Group’s accounting policy regarding offsetting of financial instruments as described in Note 1 “Material
Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates”

As of December 31, 2024, the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of loans is primarily driven by the
current interest rates on long-dated retail mortgages in Germany compared to the contractual rate. Partly offsetting the
loan carrying amount were macro hedge accounting adjustments under the EU carve-out version of IAS 39, which were
€ 5.0 billion as of December 31, 2024 and € 5.6 billion as of December 31, 2023. The deposits’ fair value was greater than
the carrying value as the carrying value included negative macro hedge accounting adjustments under the EU carve-out
version of IAS 39 of € 1.4 billion and € 3.4 billion as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. For longterm debt and trust preferred securities, the difference between fair value and carrying value is due to the change in
interest rates at which the Group could issue debt with similar maturity and subordination at the balance sheet date
compared to the rate the instrument was issued at. The carrying values included in the table do not include any impacts
from economic hedges.

456

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
16 – Equity Method Investments

15 – Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income
in € m.

Securities purchased under resale agreement
Debt securities:
German government
U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agencies
U.S. local (municipal) governments
Other foreign governments
Corporates
Other asset-backed securities
Mortgage-backed securities, including obligations of U.S. federal agencies
Other debt securities
Total debt securities
Loans
Total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

2,786

1,805

2,006
10,640
719
18,661
189
0
414
1,607
34,236
5,068
42,090

1,566
9,232
446
15,672
686
0
442
831
28,874
4,867
35,546

16 – Equity Method Investments
Investments in associates and jointly controlled entities are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.
The Group holds interests in 49 associates and 8 jointly controlled entities as of December 31, 2024 (54 and 6, respectively,
as of December 31, 2023). None of the investments are considered to be material to the Group, based on the carrying value
of the investment or the Group’s income from the investee.
The investment in Huarong Rongde Asset Management Company Limited, Beijing, China and Harvest Fund Management
Company Limited, Shanghai, China were previously reported as material equity method investments, but are no longer
considered to be material to the Group as of December 31, 2024 and are included in the aggregated financial information
in the table below. Prior year’s comparatives have been aligned to the presentation in the current year.
Aggregated financial information on the Group’s share in associates and joint ventures that are individually immaterial
in € m.

Carrying amount of all associates that are individually immaterial to the Group
Aggregated amount of the Group's share of profit (loss) from continuing operations1
Aggregated amount of the Group's share of post-tax profit (loss) from discontinued operations
Aggregated amount of the Group's share of other comprehensive income
Aggregated amount of the Group's share of total comprehensive income
1

Dec 31, 2024

31-Dec-23

1,028
(4)
0
(1)
(5)

1,013
(107)
0
(16)
(123)

Includes share of net loss from Huarong Rongde Asset Management Company Limited, for € 32 million and € 129 million, respectively, as of December 31,2024 and
December 31,2023.

457

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
17 – Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

17 – Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
The Group is eligible to present certain financial assets and financial liabilities on a net basis on the balance sheet pursuant
to criteria described in Note 1 “Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates: Offsetting Financial
Instruments”.
The following tables provide information on the impact of offsetting on the consolidated balance sheet, as well as the
financial impact of netting for instruments subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement as
well as available cash and financial instrument collateral.
Assets
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Central bank funds sold and securities purchased
under resale agreements (enforceable)
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased
under resale agreements (non-enforceable)
Securities borrowed (enforceable)
Securities borrowed (non-enforceable)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(enforceable)
Of which: Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments (enforceable)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(non-enforceable)
Of which: Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments (non-enforceable)
Total financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss
Loans at amortized cost
Other assets
Of which: Positive market values from derivatives
qualifying for hedge accounting (enforceable)
Remaining assets subject to netting
Remaining assets not subject to netting
Total assets
1

Gross
amounts
of financial
assets

Gross
amounts
set off
on the
balance
sheet

Net
amounts
of financial
assets
presented
on the
balance
sheet

Amounts not set off on the balance sheet

54,483

(14,429)

40,053

0

0

(39,831)

223

749
32
11

0
0
0

749
32
11

0
0
0

0
0
0

(749)
(32)
0

0
0
11

615,599

(232,657)

382,942

(231,198)

(33,729)

(108,134)

9,881

298,469

(16,116)

282,353

(229,560)

(33,689)

(9,392)

9,712

162,908

0

162,908

0

(1,303)

(6,993)

154,611

9,400

0

9,400

0

(1,188)

(1,344)

6,868

778,507
478,921
105,782

(232,657)
0
(4,574)

545,849
478,921
101,207

(231,198)
0
(24,794)

(35,032)
(10,836)
(52)

(115,127)
(72,983)
(30)

164,492
395,102
76,331

456
2,786
217,567
1,638,838

(73)
0
0
(251,661)

383
2,786
217,567
1,387,177

(255)
0
0
(255,993)

(52)
0
(623)
(46,543)

(30)
0
(4,438)
(233,190)

46
2,786
212,506
851,451

Impact of
Master
Netting
Agreements

Cash
collateral

Financial
instrument
collateral¹

Net amount

Excludes real estate and other non-financial instrument collateral.

458

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
17 – Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

Liabilities
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold
under repurchase agreements (enforceable)
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold
under repurchase agreements (non-enforceable)
Securities loaned (enforceable)
Securities loaned (non-enforceable)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
(enforceable)
Of which: Negative market values from derivative
financial instruments (enforceable)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
(non-enforceable)
Of which: Negative market values from derivative
financial instruments (non-enforceable)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit
or loss
Other liabilities
Of which: Negative market values from derivatives
qualifying for hedge accounting (enforceable)
Remaining liabilities not subject to netting
Total liabilities

Gross
amounts
of financial
liabilities

Gross
amounts
set off
on the
balance
sheet

Net
amounts
of financial
liabilities
presented
on the
balance
sheet

Amounts not set off on the balance sheet

Impact of
Master
Netting
Agreements

Cash
collateral

Financial
instrument
collateral

Net amount

666,261

0

666,261

0

0

0

666,261

16,819

(14,429)

2,390

0

0

(2,390)

0

1,350
1
1

0
0
0

1,350
1
1

0
0
0

0
0
0

(123)
(1)
(1)

1,227
0
0

609,683

(232,669)

377,013

(230,459)

(23,677)

(66,495)

56,381

284,323

(16,600)

267,723

(228,704)

(23,677)

(2,458)

12,883

35,382

0

35,382

0

(607)

(3,332)

31,442

8,672

0

8,672

0

(607)

(142)

7,923

645,064
100,193

(232,669)
(4,562)

412,395
95,631

(230,459)
(37,099)

(24,285)
(91)

(69,828)
(101)

87,823
58,339

1,727
129,716
1,559,406

(37)
0
(251,661)

1,690
129,716
1,307,745

(1,111)
0
(267,559)

(91)
(6)
(24,382)

(101)
0
(72,444)

387
129,711
943,361

Amounts not set off on the balance sheet

Gross
amounts
of financial
assets

Gross
amounts
set off
on the
balance
sheet

Net
amounts
of financial
assets
presented
on the
balance
sheet

Impact of
Master
Netting
Agreements

Cash
collateral

Financial
instrument
collateral¹

Net amount

21,574

(9,999)

11,574

0

0

(11,491)

84

3,151
33
6

0
0
0

3,151
33
6

0
0
0

0
0
0

(2,270)
(33)
0

881
0
6

513,810

(199,127)

314,683

(197,430)

(32,109)

(74,885)

10,260

259,148

(15,648)

243,499

(195,499)

(32,092)

(5,766)

10,142

150,569

0

150,569

0

(1,227)

(10,167)

139,174

8,357

0

8,357

0

(1,101)

(1,077)

6,178

664,379
473,705
123,702

(199,127)
0
(9,005)

465,252
473,705
114,697

(197,430)
0
(24,037)

(33,337)
(11,317)
(79)

(85,052)
(69,594)
(13)

149,434
392,794
90,569

940
1,805
242,108
1,530,462

(51)
0
0
(218,131)

889
1,805
242,108
1,312,331

(662)
0
0
(221,466)

(79)
0
(73)
(44,805)

(13)
0
(3,533)
(171,985)

136
1,805
238,502
874,074

Assets
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Central bank funds sold and securities purchased
under resale agreements (enforceable)
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased
under resale agreements (non-enforceable)
Securities borrowed (enforceable)
Securities borrowed (non-enforceable)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(enforceable)
Of which: Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments (enforceable)
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
(non-enforceable)
Of which: Positive market values from derivative
financial instruments (non-enforceable)
Total financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss
Loans at amortized cost
Other assets
Of which: Positive market values from derivatives
qualifying for hedge accounting (enforceable)
Remaining assets subject to netting
Remaining assets not subject to netting
Total assets
1

Excludes real estate and other non-financial instrument collateral.

459

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
17 – Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

Liabilities
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold
under repurchase agreements (enforceable)
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold
under repurchase agreements (non-enforceable)
Securities loaned (enforceable)
Securities loaned (non-enforceable)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
(enforceable)
Of which: Negative market values from derivative
financial instruments (enforceable)
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss (non-enforceable)
Of which: Negative market values from derivative
financial instruments (non-enforceable)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit
or loss
Other liabilities
Of which: Negative market values from derivatives
qualifying for hedge accounting (enforceable)
Remaining liabilities not subject to netting
Total liabilities

Gross
amounts
of financial
liabilities

Gross
amounts
set off
on the
balance
sheet

Net
amounts
of financial
liabilities
presented
on the
balance
sheet

Amounts not set off on the balance sheet

Impact of
Master
Netting
Agreements

Cash
collateral

Financial
instrument
collateral

Net amount

622,035

0

622,035

0

0

0

622,035

11,890

(9,999)

1,891

0

0

(1,891)

0

1,147
3
0

0
0
0

1,147
3
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

(51)
(3)
0

1,096
0
0

540,784

(199,152)

341,632

(197,923)

(21,990)

(68,806)

52,913

245,600

(16,132)

229,468

(195,962)

(21,990)

(2,608)

8,908

24,843

0

24,843

0

(785)

(4,485)

19,572

8,792

0

8,792

0

(723)

(191)

7,878

565,627
122,016

(199,152)
(8,980)

366,475
113,036

(197,923)
(33,591)

(22,776)
(23)

(73,292)
(1)

72,485
79,421

280
132,925
1,455,644

(29)
0
(218,131)

252
132,925
1,237,513

(199)
0
(231,514)

(23)
0
(22,799)

(1)
0
(75,239)

28
132,925
907,961

The column ‘Gross amounts set off on the balance sheet’ discloses the amounts offset in accordance with all the criteria
described in Note 1 “Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates: Offsetting Financial Instruments”.
The column ‘Impact of Master Netting Agreements’ discloses the amounts that are subject to master netting agreements
but were not offset because they did not meet the net settlement/simultaneous settlement criteria; or because the rights
of set off are conditional upon the default of the counterparty only. The amounts presented for other assets and other
liabilities include cash margin receivables and payables respectively.
The columns ‘Cash collateral’ and ‘Financial instrument collateral’ disclose the cash and financial instrument collateral
amounts received or pledged in relation to the total amounts of assets and liabilities, including those that were not offset.
Non-enforceable master netting agreements or similar agreements refer to contracts executed in jurisdictions where the
rights of set off may not be upheld under the local bankruptcy laws.
The cash collateral received against the positive market values of derivatives and the cash collateral pledged towards the
negative mark-to-market values of derivatives are booked within the ‘Other liabilities’ and ‘Other assets’ balances
respectively.
The Cash and Financial instrument collateral amounts disclosed reflect their fair values. The rights of set off relating to the
cash and financial instrument collateral are conditional upon the default of the counterparty.

460

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
18 – Loans

18 – Loans
The entire loan book presented includes loans classified at amortized cost, loans at fair value through other comprehensive
income and loans at fair value through profit and loss.
The below table gives an overview of the Group’s loan exposure by industry, and is based on the NACE (Nomenclature des
Activités Économiques dans la Communauté Européenne) code of the counterparty. NACE is a standard European industry
classification system.
Loans by industry classification
in € m.

Agriculture, forestry and fishing
Mining and quarrying
Manufacturing
Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply
Water supply, sewerage, waste management and remediation activities
Construction
Wholesale and retail trade, repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles
Transport and storage
Accommodation and food service activities
Information and communication
Financial and insurance activities
Real estate activities
Professional, scientific and technical activities
Administrative and support service activities
Public administration and defense, compulsory social security
Education
Human health services and social work activities
Arts, entertainment and recreation
Other service activities
Activities of households as employers, undifferentiated goods- and services-producing activities of households
for own use
Activities of extraterritorial organizations and bodies
Gross loans
(Deferred expense)/unearned income
Loans less (deferred expense)/unearned income
Less: Allowance for loan losses
Total loans

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

336
4,342
28,359
5,017
598
4,604
22,481
5,347
2,749
9,940
133,350
51,535
6,623
9,496
6,235
313
4,170
840
6,835

386
3,130
30,564
4,734
486
4,494
22,127
5,617
1,865
8,082
116,298
50,793
6,958
9,385
6,131
281
4,432
1,072
5,050

199,812

210,982

22
503,005
1,352
501,653
5,697
495,955

0
492,868
1,675
491,192
5,208
485,984

461

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
19 – Allowance for Credit Losses

19 – Allowance for Credit Losses
The allowance for credit losses consists of allowance for financial assets at amortized cost, financial assets at fair value
through OCI and off-balance sheet lending commitments and guarantee business.
Development of allowance for credit losses for financial assets at amortized cost
Dec 31, 2024
Allowance for Credit Losses²
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period³
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk¹

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI⁴

Total

447

680

3,960

198

5,285

(150)
128

194
(128)

1,814
0

3
N/M

1,861
0

N/M
(2)

N/M
(7)

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
(9)

0
0
15
438
(24)

0
0
(3)
736
59

(1,229)
157
(290)
4,412
1,814

0
0
11
213
3

(1,229)
157
(267)
5,799
1,852

Movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in creditworthiness and changes in models add up to Provision for Credit Losses excluding
country risk
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 14 million as of December 31, 2024
3
This position includes charge offs of allowance for credit losses
4
The total amount of undiscounted expected credit losses at initial recognition on financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired initially recognized
during the reporting period was € 0 million in 2024 and € 0 million in 2023
1

2

Dec 31, 2023
Allowance for Credit Losses²
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period³
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk¹

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI⁴

Total

533

626

3,656

180

4,995

(195)
170

294
(150)

1,647
(20)

32
N/M

1,778
0

N/M
(57)-

N/M
(53)

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
(110)

0
0
(3)
447
(83)

0
0
(38)
680
92

(1,145)
93
(271)
3,960
1,627

(52)
0
38
198
32

(1,197)
93
(273)
5,285
1,668

Movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in creditworthiness and changes in models add up to Provision for Credit Losses excluding
country risk
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 4 million as of December 31, 2023
3
This position includes charge offs of allowance for credit losses
4
The total amount of undiscounted expected credit losses at initial recognition on financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired initially recognized
during the reporting period was € 0 million in 2023 and € 46 million in 2022
1

2

Dec 31, 2022
Allowance for Credit Losses²
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements in financial assets including new business and
credit extensions
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes due to modifications that did not result in
derecognition
Changes in models
Financial assets that have been derecognized during the
period³
Recovery of written off amounts
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk¹

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI⁴

Total

440

532

3,740

182

4,895

(32)
122

204
(121)

887
(0)

22

1,081
0

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
0

N/M
0

0
0
2
533
90

0
0
12
626
82

(1,014)
68
(25)
3,656
886

(28)
3
1
180
22

(1,043)
71
(10)
4,995
1,081

Movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in creditworthiness and changes in models add up to Provision for Credit Losses excluding
country risk
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 14 million as of December 31, 2022
3
This position includes charge offs of allowance for credit losses
4
The total amount of undiscounted expected credit losses at initial recognition on financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired initially recognized
during the reporting period was € 46 million in 2022 and € 0 million in 2021
1

2

462

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
19 – Allowance for Credit Losses

Allowance for credit losses for financial assets at fair value through OCI1
Dec 31, 2024
Allowance for Credit Losses
in € m.

Fair Value through OCI
1

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

12

16

10

0

38

Allowance for credit losses against financial assets at fair value through OCI remained at very low levels (€ 48 million at December 31, 2023 and € 38 million as of
December 31, 2024). Due to immateriality, we do not provide any details on the year-over-year development.
Dec 31, 2023
Allowance for Credit Losses

in € m.

Fair Value through OCI
1

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

13

13

22

0

48

Allowance for credit losses against financial assets at fair value through OCI were almost unchanged at very low levels (€ 69 million at December 31, 2022 and
€ 48 million as of December 31, 2023). Due to immateriality, we do not provide any details on the year-over-year development.
Dec 31, 2022
Allowance for Credit Losses

in € m.

Fair Value through OCI
1

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

14

12

43

0

69

Allowance for credit losses against financial assets at fair value through OCI were almost unchanged at very low levels (€ 41 million at December, 31, 2021 and
€ 69 million as of December 31, 2022, respectively). Due to immateriality, we do not provide any details on the year-over-year development.

Development of allowance for credit losses for off-balance sheet positions
Dec 31, 2024
Allowance for Credit Losses2
in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk1
1

2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

117
(22)
10
0
1
106
67
(13)

88
3
(9)
0
(1)
82
49
(6)

187
(19)
(0)
0
5
173
99
(20)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

393
(38)
0
0
6
361
214
(38)

The above table breaks down the impact on provision for credit losses from movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in
creditworthiness and changes in models
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 2 million as of December 31, 2024
Dec 31, 2023
Allowance for Credit Losses2

in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk1
1

2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

144
(39)
11
0
1
117
84
(28)

97
(3)
(4)
0
(2)
88
37
(7)

310
(118)
(7)
0
3
187
113
(125)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

551
(160)
0
0
2
393
233
(160)

The above table breaks down the impact on provision for credit losses from movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in
creditworthiness and changes in models
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 9 million as of December 31, 2023
Dec 31, 2022
Allowance for Credit Losses2

in € m.

Balance, beginning of year
Movements including new business
Transfers due to changes in creditworthiness
Changes in models
Foreign exchange and other changes
Balance, end of reporting period
of which: Financial guarantees
Provision for Credit Losses excluding country risk1
1

2

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Stage 3 POCI

Total

108
21
12
0
4
144
95
33

111
(1)
(15)
0
3
97
56
(16)

225
78
3
0
3
310
226
82

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

443
99
0
0
9
551
378
99

The above table breaks down the impact on provision for credit losses from movements in financial assets including new business, transfers due to changes in
creditworthiness and changes in models
Allowance for credit losses does not include allowance for country risk amounting to € 9 million as of December 31, 2022

463

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
20 – Transfer of Financial Assets, Assets Pledged and Received as Collateral

20 – Transfer of Financial Assets, Assets Pledged and Received
as Collateral
The Group enters into transactions in which it transfers financial assets held on the balance sheet and as a result may either
be eligible to derecognize the transferred asset in its entirety or must continue to recognize the transferred asset to the
extent of any continuing involvement, depending on certain criteria. These criteria are discussed in Note 1 “Material
Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates”.
Where financial assets are not eligible to be derecognized, the transfers are viewed as secured financing transactions, with
any consideration received resulting in a corresponding liability. The Group is not entitled to use these financial assets for
any other purposes. The most common transactions of this nature entered into by the Group are repurchase agreements,
securities lending agreements and total return swaps, in which the Group retains substantially all of the associated credit,
equity price, interest rate and foreign exchange risks and rewards associated with the assets as well as the associated
income streams.
Information on asset types and associated transactions that did not qualify for derecognition
in € m.

Carrying amount of transferred assets
Trading securities not derecognized due to the following transactions:
Repurchase agreements
Securities lending agreements
Total return swaps
Other
Total trading securities
Other trading assets
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Loans at amortized cost1
Others
Total
Carrying amount of associated liabilities

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

40,438
8,313
14,013
2,523
65,288
51
107
5,134
17
4,335
74,931
66,654

45,106
10,155
4,483
5,060
64,804
138
203
7,080
26
8,674
80,924
70,706

¹ Other traded loans where the associated liability is recourse only to the transferred assets had carrying value and fair value of € 0 million and € 20 million as at December
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively. The associated liabilities had the same carrying value and fair value which resulted in a net position of € 0 million and
€ 0 million as at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively

Carrying value of assets transferred to the Group has continuing involvement
in € m.

Carrying amount of the original assets transferred
Trading securities
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss
Carrying amount of the assets continued to be recognized
Trading securities
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss
Carrying amount of associated liabilities

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

1,073
0

1,043
317

26
0
52

28
16
78

464

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
20 – Transfer of Financial Assets, Assets Pledged and Received as Collateral

The Group could retain some exposure to the future performance of a transferred asset either through new or existing
contractual rights and obligations and still be eligible to derecognize the asset. This ongoing involvement will be
recognized as a new instrument which may be different from the original financial asset that was transferred. Typical
transactions include retaining senior notes of non-consolidated securitizations to which originated loans have been
transferred; financing arrangements with structured entities to which the Group has sold a portfolio of assets; or sales of
assets with credit-contingent swaps. The Group’s exposure to such transactions is not considered to be significant as any
substantial retention of risks associated with the transferred asset will commonly result in an initial failure to derecognize.
Transactions not considered to result in an ongoing involvement include normal warranties on fraudulent activities that
could invalidate a transfer in the event of legal action, qualifying pass-through arrangements and standard trustee or
administrative fees that are not linked to performance.
The impact on the Group’s Balance Sheet of on-going involvement associated with transferred assets derecognized in full
Dec 31,2024

in € m.

Loans at amortized cost
Securitization notes
Other
Total loans at amortized cost
Financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss
Securitization notes
Non-standard Interest Rate, cross-currency or inflation-linked swap
Total financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income:
Securitization notes
Other
Total financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Total financial assets representing on-going involvement
Financial liabilities held at fair value through profit or loss
Non-standard Interest Rate, cross-currency or inflation-linked swap
Total financial liabilities representing on-going involvement
1

Dec 31,2023

Carrying
value

Fair value

Maximum
Exposure
to Loss¹

Carrying
value

Fair value

Maximum
Exposure
to Loss¹

441
0
441

397
0
397

397
0
397

389
0
389

344
0
344

344
0
344

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

23
0
23

23
0
23

23
0
23

669
0
669
1,110

560
0
560
957

560
0
560
957

706
0
706
1,118

592
0
592
959

592
0
592
959

(0)
(0)

(0)
(0)

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

The maximum exposure to loss is defined as the carrying value plus the notional value of any undrawn loan commitments not recognized as liabilities

The impact on the Group’s Statement of Income of on-going involvement associated with transferred assets derecognized in full
Dec 31,2024
in € m.

Securitization notes
Non-standard Interest Rate, cross-currency or
inflation-linked swap
Net gains/(losses) recognized from on-going
involvement in derecognized assets

Dec 31,2023

Year-todate P&L

Cumulative
P&L

Gain/(loss)
on disposal

Year-todate P&L

Cumulative
P&L

Gain/(loss)
on disposal

50

220

25

48

164

7

(0)

(0)

0

0

0

0

50

220

25

48

164

7

465

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
20 – Transfer of Financial Assets, Assets Pledged and Received as Collateral

The Group pledges assets primarily as collateral against secured funding and for repurchase agreements, securities
borrowing agreements as well as other borrowing arrangements and for margining purposes on OTC derivative liabilities.
Pledges are generally conducted under terms that are usual and customary for standard securitized borrowing contracts
and other transactions described. As at December 31, 2024 the bank had securitized loans of € 11 billion and the secured
own bonds were pledged as collateral into various market standard securities financing transactions. The encumbered
loans below include these balances.
Carrying value of the Group’s assets pledged as collateral for liabilities or contingent liabilities1
in € m.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Loans
Other
Total
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

58,749
5,263
41,758
4,462
110,231

55,166
7,222
54,148
9,610
126,146

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

55,310
5,013
4,618
2,904
67,845

57,143
7,073
5,428
7,815
77,459

Excludes assets pledged as collateral from transactions that do not result in liabilities or contingent liabilities

Total assets pledged to creditors available for sale or repledge1
in € m.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Loans
Other
Total
1

Includes assets pledged as collateral from transactions that do not result in liabilities or contingent liabilities

The Group receives collateral primarily in reverse repurchase agreements, securities lending agreements, derivatives
transactions, customer margin loans and other transactions. These transactions are generally conducted under terms that
are usual and customary for standard secured lending activities and the other transactions described. The Group, as the
secured party, has the right to sell or re-pledge such collateral, subject to the Group returning equivalent securities upon
completion of the transaction. This right is used primarily to cover short sales, securities loaned and securities sold under
repurchase agreements.
Fair Value of collateral received
in € m.

Securities and other financial assets accepted as collateral
Of which:
Collateral sold or repledged

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

479,022

379,573

366,245

324,757

466

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
21 – Property and Equipment

21 – Property and Equipment
in € m.

Cost of acquisition:
Balance as of January 1,
2023
Changes in the group of
consolidated companies
Additions
Transfers
Reclassifications
(to)/from “held for sale”
Disposals
Exchange rate changes
Balance as of December
31, 2023
Changes in the group of
consolidated companies
Additions
Transfers
Reclassifications
(to)/from “held for sale”
Disposals
Exchange rate changes
Balance as of December
31, 2024
Accumulated
depreciation and
impairment:
Balance as of January 1,
2023
Changes in the group of
consolidated companies
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Reversals of impairment
losses
Transfers
Reclassifications
(to)/from “held for sale”
Disposals
Exchange rate changes
Balance as of December
31, 2023
Changes in the group of
consolidated companies
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Reversals of impairment
losses
Transfers
Reclassifications
(to)/from “held for sale”
Disposals
Exchange rate changes
Balance as of December
31, 2024
Carrying amount:
Balance as of December
31, 2023
Balance as of December
31, 2024

Owner occupied
properties

Furniture and
equipment

Leasehold
improvements

Constructionin-progress

Property and
equipment
owned (IAS 16)

Right-of-use for
leased assets
(IFRS 16)

Total

503

2,434

3,523

216

6,676

6,187

12,863

0

(8)

7

0

(1)

34

34

0
0

84
23

40
193

297
(50)

422
167

263
251

685
419

(22)

0

0

0

(22)

0

(22)

41
1

113
(27)

643
(43)

0
(2)

798
(71)

152
(77)

950
(148)

441

2,393

3,078

461

6,374

6,507

12,881

0

(1)

(0)

0

(1)

(0)

(1)

1
106

128
77

107
334

293
(394)

528
122

145
237

673
360

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
(1)

199
33

281
59

1
1

482
93

156
115

638
208

547

2,431

3,298

360

6,636

6,848

13,484

286

2,022

2,304

1

4,613

2,147

6,760

0

(10)

(0)

0

(11)

(0)

(11)

9
7

127
8

199
5

0
0

335
21

543
23

878
43

0

0

0

0

0

8

8

(0)

17

54

0

71

(41)

29

(19)

0

0

0

(19)

0

(19)

20
0

108
(22)

638
(25)

0
(0)

766
(46)

141
(24)

907
(70)

264

2,033

1,900

1

4,198

2,498

6,696

0

(1)

(0)

0

(1)

0

(1)

5
14

126
1

266
19

0
0

397
34

548
34

945
67

0

0

0

0

0

2

2

104

20

1

1

126

(0)

126

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
(0)

196
29

278
29

1
0

475
57

153
30

628
87

386

2,014

1,936

1

4,337

2,954

7,291

177

360

1,179

460

2,176

4,009

6,185

161

417

1,361

360

2,299

3,894

6,193

467

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
21 – Property and Equipment

Depreciation expenses, impairment losses and reversal of impairment losses on property and equipment are recorded
within general and administrative expenses for the income statement.
The carrying value of items of property and equipment on which there is a restriction on sale was € 1 million and
€ 24 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.
Commitments for the acquisition of property and equipment were € 24 million at year-end 2024 and € 96 million at yearend 2023.
The Group leases many assets including land and buildings, vehicles and IT equipment for which it records right-of-use
assets. During 2024, additions to right-of-use assets amounted to € 145 million and largely reflected new real estate
leases. Depreciation charges of € 548 million recognized in 2024 mainly resulted from planned consumption of right-ofuse assets for property leases over their contractual terms. The carrying amount of right-of-use assets of € 3.9 billion
included in Total Property and equipment as of December 31, 2024 predominantly represented leased properties of
€ 3.9 billion and vehicle leases of € 19 million. For more information on the Group´s leased properties and related
disclosures required under IFRS 16, please refer to Note 22 “Leases”.

468

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
22 – Leases

22 – Leases
The Group’s disclosures are as a lessee under lease arrangements covering property and equipment. The Group has applied
judgement in presenting related information pursuant to IFRS 16 in a manner that it considers to be most relevant to an
understanding of its financial performance and position.
The Group leases many assets including land and buildings, vehicles and IT equipment. The Group is a lessee for the
majority of its offices and branches under long-term rental agreements. Most of the lease contracts are made under usual
terms and conditions, which means they include options to extend the lease by a defined amount of time, price adjustment
clauses and escalation clauses in line with general office rental market conditions. However, the lease agreements do not
include any clauses that impose any restriction on the Group’s ability to pay dividends, engage in debt financing
transactions or enter into further lease agreements.
As of December 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023), the Group recorded right-of-use assets on its balance sheet with a carrying
amount of € 3.9 billion (€ 4.0 billion), which are included in Property and equipment. The right-of-use assets predominantly
represented leased properties of € 3.9 billion (€ 4.0 billion) and vehicle leases of € 19 million (€ 13 million). For more
information on the year-to-date development of right-of-use assets, please refer to Note 21 “Property and Equipment”.
Corresponding to the recognition of the right-of-use assets, as of December 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023), the Group
recorded lease liabilities on its balance sheet with a carrying amount of € 4.5 billion (€ 4.5 billion), which are included in
Other liabilities. As of December 31, 2024, the lease liabilities included the discounted value of future lease payments of
€ 440 million for the Group headquarters in Frankfurt am Main that was sold and leased back on December 1, 2011. The
lease has a fixed term through to the end of 2036, with options to extend the lease for two additional five-year periods to
the end of 2046.
During 2024 and 2023, interest expenses recorded from the compounding of the lease liabilities amounted to € 127 million
and € 113 million, respectively. The contractual maturities for the undiscounted cash flows from these liabilities are shown
in Note 31 “Maturity Analysis of the earliest contractual undiscounted cash flows of Financial Liabilities”.
Expenses recognized in 2024 (2023) relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, for which the Group
decided to apply the recognition exemption under IFRS 16 (and thus not to record right-of-use assets and corresponding
lease liabilities on the balance sheet), amounted to € 2 million (€ 1 million) and € 0 million (€ 0 million), respectively.
Income recorded in 2024 (2023) from the subletting of right-of-use assets totaled € 24 million (€ 29 million).
The total cash outflow for leases for 2024 (2023) was € 678 million (€ 645 million) and represented mainly expenditures
made for real estate rentals over € 669 million (€ 638 million). Of the total cash outflow amount, payments of € 552 million
(€ 534 million) were made for the principal portion of lease liabilities, payments of € 126 million (€ 111 million) were made
for the interest portion.
Total future cash outflows to which the Group as a lessee is potentially exposed, that are not reflected in the measurement
of the lease liabilities, mainly include potential payment exposures arising from extension options (2024: € 4.7 billion) and
future payments for leases not yet commenced, but to which the Group is committed (2024: € 68 million). Their expected
maturities are shown in the table below.
Future cash outflows to which the Group is potentially exposed that are not reflected in the measurement of lease liabilities
in € m.

Future cash outflows not reflected in lease liabilities:
Not later than one year
Later than one year and not later than five years
Later than five years
Future cash outflows not reflected in lease liabilities

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

30
470
4,230
4,731

14
590
4,318
4,922

469

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Changes in Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, as well as gross amounts and accumulated impairment losses of goodwill,
for the years ended December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, are shown below by cash-generating units.
The Group’s business operations are organized under the following divisional structure: Corporate Bank, Investment Bank,
Private Bank and Asset Management. The corporate divisions are considered CGUs.
Goodwill allocated to cash-generating units
in € m.

Balance as of January 1, 2023
Goodwill acquired during the year
Purchase accounting adjustments
Transfers
Reclassification from (to) “held for sale”
Goodwill related to dispositions without being classified as “held for sale”
Impairment losses1
Exchange rate changes/other
Balance as of December 31, 2023
Gross amount of goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses
Balance as of January 1, 2024
Goodwill acquired during the year
Purchase accounting adjustments
Transfers
Reclassification from (to) “held for sale”
Goodwill related to dispositions without being classified as “held for sale”
Impairment losses1
Exchange rate changes/other
Balance as of December 31, 2024
Gross amount of goodwill
Accumulated impairment losses
1

Investment
Bank

Corporate
Bank

Asset
Management

Private Bank

Total

0
235
0
0
0
0
(233)
(2)
0
4,175
(4,175)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
4,418
(4,418)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
615
(615)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
643
(643)

2,919
0
0
0
(7)
0
0
(63)
2,849
3,336
(487)
2,849
0
0
0
0
0
0
114
2,963
3,477
(515)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3,723
(3,723)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3,737
(3,737)

2,919
235
0
0
(7)
0
(233)
(65)
2,849
11,848
(9,000)
2,849
0
0
0
0
0
0
114
2,963
12,275
(9,313)

Impairment losses of goodwill are recorded as impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets in the income statement

Changes in goodwill in 2024 only included foreign exchange rate movements of Asset Management goodwill held in nonGroup currencies.
Following the acquisition of Numis Corporation Plc on October 13, 2023 (see Note 3), the purchase price allocation for the
business combination resulted in the recognition of goodwill for € 235 million which was allocated to the Investment Bank
CGU. Given the valuation of the Investment Bank CGU with a continued shortfall of its recoverable amount versus its
carrying amount, the goodwill was considered impaired and fully written off in the fourth quarter 2023.

470

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill Impairment Test
For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the appropriate CGU
on the basis as described in Note 1 “Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates”. The Group’s primary
CGUs are as outlined above. Asset Management’s goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter by
comparing the recoverable amount of the CGU with its carrying amount. In addition, the Group tests goodwill whenever a
triggering event is identified. The recoverable amount is the higher of a CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value
in use. The Asset Management CGU was the only goodwill carrying CGU to be tested for annual impairment in 2023 and
2024. The impairment tests conducted on Asset Management in these periods did not result in an impairment loss as the
recoverable amounts of the Asset Management CGU were higher than the respective carrying amounts.
A review of the Group’s strategy or certain political or global risks for the banking industry, uncertainties regarding the
implementation of already adopted regulation and the introduction of legislation that is already under discussion could
result in an impairment of goodwill in the future.

Carrying Amount
The carrying amount of a primary CGU is derived using a capital allocation model based on the Shareholders’ Equity
Allocation Framework of the Group (please refer to Note 4, “Business Segments and Related Information” for more details).
The allocation uses the Group’s total equity at the date of valuation, including Additional Tier 1 Notes (AT1 Notes), which
constitute unsecured and subordinated notes of Deutsche Bank and which are classified as additional equity components
in accordance with IFRS. Total equity is adjusted for an add-on adjustment for goodwill attributable to noncontrolling
interests.

Recoverable Amount
The Group determines the recoverable amounts of its primary CGUs on the basis of the higher of value in use and fair value
less costs of disposal (Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy). It employs a discounted cash flow (DCF) model, which reflects
the specifics of the banking business and its regulatory environment. The model calculates the present value of the
estimated future earnings that are distributable to shareholders after fulfilling the respective regulatory capital
requirements. The recoverable amounts also include the fair value of the AT1 Notes, which are allocated to the primary
CGUs.
The DCF model uses earnings projections and respective capitalization assumptions based on five-year financial plans as
well as longer term expectations on the impact of regulatory developments, which are discounted to their present value.
Estimating future earnings and capital requirements involves judgment and the consideration of past and current
performances as well as expected developments in the respective markets, and in the overall macroeconomic and
regulatory environments. Earnings projections beyond the initial five-year period are, where applicable, adjusted to derive
a sustainable level. In case of a going concern, the cash flow to equity is assumed to increase by or converge towards a
constant long-term growth rate for the Asset Management CGU of up to 3.3% (2023: up to 3.0%). This is based on projected
revenue forecasts of the CGU as well as expectations for the development of gross domestic product and inflation and is
captured in the terminal value.

471

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Key Assumptions and Sensitivities
Key Assumptions: The DCF value of a CGU is sensitive to the earnings projections, to the discount rate (cost of equity)
applied and, to a lesser extent, to the long-term growth rate. The discount rates applied have been determined based on
the capital asset pricing model and comprise a risk-free interest rate, a market risk premium and a factor covering the
systematic market risk (beta factor). The values for the risk-free interest rate, the market risk premium and the beta factors
are determined using external sources of information. CGU-specific beta factors are determined based on a respective
group of peer companies. Variations in all of these components might impact the discount rates. For the Asset
Management CGU, the discount rates (after tax) applied for 2024 and 2023 were 10.4% and 10.9%, respectively.
Management determined the values for the key assumptions in the following table based on a combination of internal and
external analysis. Estimates for efficiency and the cost reduction program are based on progress made to date and
scheduled future projects and initiatives.
Key management assumptions are:
Primary goodwillcarrying cashgenerating unit

Uncertainty associated with key assumptions and potential
Description of key assumptions
events/circumstances that could have a negative effect
— Strong organic growth: Build out Xtrackers and
— Challenging and continued uncertainty around the
Alternatives offering, maintain robust performance in
market environment and volatility unfavorable to its
Active and further building out client channels and
investment strategies
partnerships
— Unfavorable margin development and adverse
— Future of Finance: Emerge as a winner from disruption
competition levels in key markets and products
in the Asset Management space caused by digital
beyond expected levels
Asset Management
distribution channels
— Business/execution risks, e.g., underachievement of
— Gateway to Europe: Leverage global franchise and
net flow targets from market uncertainty, loss of
roots in Europe to become the first point of contact
high-quality client facing employees, unfavorable
for global investors targeting Europe
investment performance, lower than expected
efficiency gains
— Uncertainty around regulation and its potential
implications not yet anticipated

Sensitivities: In order to test the resilience of the recoverable amount, key assumptions used in the DCF model (for example,
the discount rate and the earnings projections) are sensitized. Currently, in Asset Management the recoverable amount
exceeds the carrying amount by 24%/€ 1.7 billion.
Change in certain key assumptions to cause the recoverable amount to equal the carrying amount
Change in Key Assumptions

Discount rate (post tax) increase
from
to
Change in projected future earnings in each period by
Long term growth rate
from
to

Asset
Management

10.4%
12.3%
(16.9)%
3.3%
N/M

N/M – Not meaningful, as a rate of 0% would still lead to a recoverable amount in excess of the carrying amount

472

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Other Intangible Assets
Changes of other intangible assets by asset classes for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023

Purchased intangible assets

Internally
generated
intangible
assets

Unamortized

Amortized

Amortized

Customerrelated
intangible
assets

Contractbased
intangible
assets

Software
and
other

Total
amortized
purchased
intangible
assets

Software

Total other
intangible
assets

Retail
investment
managemen
t
agreements

Other

Total
unamortized
purchased
intangible
assets

1,083

441

1,524

1,421

70

792

2,283

10,116

13,923

Additions

0

0

0

56

0

66

122

1,314

1,436

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Disposals

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

71

72

Reclassifications from
(to) “held for sale”

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Transfers

0

0

0

0

0

(4)

(4)

0

(4)

in € m.
Cost of acquisition/
manufacture:
Balance as of
January 1, 2023

Exchange rate changes

(37)

0

(37)

(21)

0

0

(21)

(72)

(130)

1,046

440

1,486

1,456

70

854

2,380

11,288

15,154

Additions

0

0

0

2

0

8

10

1,407

1,417

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

0

0

0

(49)

(1)

(1)

(51)

0

(51)

Disposals

0

0

0

0

0

31

31

121

152

Reclassifications from
(to) “held for sale”

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Transfers

0

23

23

(40)

(35)

(28)

(103)

(3)

(83)

Balance as of
December 31, 2023

Exchange rate changes

71

0

71

42

0

2

44

171

286

1,117

463

1,580

1,411

35

803

2,249

12,742

16,571

342

439

781

1,417

70

659

2,146

6,824

9,750

Amortization for the year

0

0

0

3

0

35

38

1,027

1,0641

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Disposals

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

71

72

Reclassifications from
(to) “held for sale”

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Impairment losses

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

24

242

Reversals of impairment
losses

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Balance as of
December 31, 2024
Accumulated
amortization
and impairment:
Balance as of
January 1, 2023

Transfers

0

0

0

0

0

(3)

(3)

0

(3)

Exchange rate changes

(12)

0

(12)

(20)

0

(1)

(21)

(54)

(87)

Balance as of
December 31, 2023

330

439

769

1,399

70

690

2,159

7,749

10,676

Amortization for the year

0

0

0

5

0

36

41

1,130

1,1713

Changes in the group of
consolidated companies

0

0

0

(49)

(1)

(1)

(51)

0

(51)

Disposals

0

0

0

0

0

31

31

121

152

Reclassifications from
(to) “held for sale”

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Impairment losses

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

29

294

Reversals of impairment
losses

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Transfers

0

23

23

(40)

(34)

(29)

(103)

(1)

(80)

Exchange rate changes

22

0

22

40

0

0

40

130

192

Balance as of
December 31, 2024

353

461

814

1,356

35

664

2,055

8,917

11,785

As of December 31, 2023

716

1

717

57

0

164

221

3,539

4,478

As of December 31, 2024

764

2

766

55

0

139

194

3,825

4,786

Carrying amount:

€ 1.1 billion were included in general and administrative expenses.
2
€ 24 million were impairment losses on self-developed software recorded in general and administrative expenses.
3
€ 1.2 billion were included in general and administrative expenses.
4
€ 29 million were impairment losses on self-developed software recorded in general and administrative expenses.
1

473

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
23 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Amortizing Intangible Assets
In 2024, amortizing intangible assets increased by € 261 million. This included amortization expenses of € 1.2 billion,
mostly for the scheduled consumption of capitalized software (€ 1.2 billion) and the impairment of current platform
software as well as software under construction (€ 29 million). Additions to internally generated intangible assets of
€ 1.4 billion resulting from the capitalization of expenses incurred in conjunction with the Group’s development of ownused software overcompensated the negative impact from amortization and impairment charges on net book value. A
weaker euro exchange rate against major currencies accounted for net positive exchange rate changes of € 47 million.
In 2023, amortizing intangible assets increased by € 330 million. This included amortization expenses of € 1.1 billion,
mostly for the scheduled consumption of capitalized software (€ 1.1 billion) and the impairment of current platform
software as well as software under construction (€ 24 million). Additions to internally generated intangible assets of
€ 1.3 billion resulting from the capitalization of expenses incurred in conjunction with the Group’s development of ownused software overcompensated the negative impact from amortization and impairment charges on net book value. A
stronger euro exchange rate against major currencies accounted for net negative exchange rate changes of € (19) million.
In 2022, amortizing intangible assets increased by € 173 million. This included amortization expenses of € 1.0 billion,
mostly for the scheduled consumption of capitalized software (€ 1.0 billion) and the impairment of current platform
software as well as software under construction (€ 30 million). Additions to internally generated intangible assets of
€ 1.1 billion resulting from the capitalization of expenses incurred in conjunction with the Group’s development of ownused software overcompensated the negative impact from amortization and impairment charges on net book value. A
weaker euro exchange rate against major currencies accounted for net positive exchange rate changes of € 50 million.
Other intangible assets with finite useful lives are generally amortized over their useful lives based on the straight-line
method.
Useful lives of other amortized intangible assets by asset class
Useful lives
in years

Internally generated intangible assets:
Software
Purchased intangible assets:
Customer-related intangible assets
Other

up to 10
up to 15
up to 20

Unamortized Intangible Assets
Within this asset class, the Group recognizes certain contract-based and marketing-related intangible assets, which are
deemed to have an indefinite useful life.
In particular, the asset class comprises the below detailed investment management agreements related to retail mutual
funds and certain trademarks. Due to the specific nature of these intangible assets, market prices are ordinarily not
observable and, therefore, the Group values such assets based on the income approach, using a post-tax DCFmethodology.
Retail investment management agreements: These assets, amounting to € 764 million, relate to the Group’s U.S. retail
mutual fund business and are allocated to the Asset Management CGU. Retail investment management agreements are
contracts that give Asset Management the exclusive right to manage a variety of mutual funds for a specified period. Since
these contracts are easily renewable at minimal cost, these agreements are not expected to have a foreseeable limit on
the contract period. Therefore, the rights to manage the associated assets under management are expected to generate
cash flows for an indefinite period of time. This intangible asset was recorded at fair value based upon a valuation provided
by a third party at the date of acquisition of Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc. in 2002.
The recoverable amount was calculated as fair value less costs of disposal using the multi-period excess earnings method
applying a five-year plan and the fair value measurement was categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The key
assumptions in determining the fair value less costs of disposal include the asset mix, the flows forecast, the effective fee
rate and discount rate as well as the terminal value growth rate. The discount rate (cost of equity) applied in the annual
impairment test was 10.2% in 2024 (10.9% in 2023). The terminal value growth rate applied for 2024 was 3.7% (for 2023
3.4%).
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the respective impairment analyses did not result in an impairment loss
or reversal of an impairment loss. As of December 31, 2022, an impairment loss of € 68 million was recognized in the
Group’s income statement within impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, due to net outflows and change in
discount rate to 10.9% in the fourth quarter 2022.

474

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
25 – Other Assets and Other Liabilities

24 – Non-Current Assets and Disposal Groups Held for Sale
Within the balance sheet, non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are included in other assets and other
liabilities.
in € m.

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Other assets
Total assets classified as held for sale

31
31

0
0

Total liabilities classified as held for sale

0

0

As of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, no unrealized gains (losses) relating to non-current assets classified as
held for sale were recognized directly in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (net of tax).

2024
Within the Investment Bank division, a portfolio of real state assets owned through foreclosure have been classified as
non-current assets held for sale. The portfolio is valued at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell
and is expected to be sold within one year following their reclassification.

2023
At December 31, 2023, no non-current assets or disposal groups were classified as held for sale.

25 – Other Assets and Other Liabilities
in € m.

Brokerage and securities related receivables
Cash/margin receivables
Receivables from prime brokerage
Pending securities transactions past settlement date
Receivables from unsettled regular way trades
Total brokerage and securities related receivables
Debt Securities held to collect
Accrued interest receivable
Assets held for sale
Assets related to insurance business
Other
Total other assets
in € m.

Brokerage and securities related payables
Cash/margin payables
Payables from prime brokerage
Pending securities transactions past settlement date
Payables from unsettled regular way trades
Total brokerage and securities related payables
Accrued interest payable
Liabilities held for sale
Lease liabilities
Liabilities related to insurance business
Other
Total other liabilities

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

42,179
5
979
17,527
60,690
21,627
4,575
31
133
14,152
101,207

40,157
5
1,801
30,603
72,566
21,831
4,158
0
92
16,049
114,697

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

49,133
13
1,207
13,401
63,755
5,113
0
4,488
121
22,153
95,631

49,516
18
2,641
29,365
81,539
4,785
0
4,493
87
22,133
113,036

For further details on the assets and liabilities held for sale, please refer to Note 24 “Non-Current Assets and Disposal
Groups Held for Sale”.

475

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
26 – Deposits

26 – Deposits
in € m.

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits
Interest-bearing deposits
Demand deposits
Time deposits
Savings deposits
Total interest-bearing deposits
Total deposits

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

176,510

183,692

197,306
203,756
88,689
489,751
666,261

162,380
188,468
87,496
438,343
622,035

476

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

27 – Provisions
Movements by Class of Provisions
in € m.

Operational
Risk

Civil
Litigation

Regulatory
Enforcement

Restructuring

Other

Total1

45
(1)
8
4
8
0
(1)
40
0
6
2
4
0
(0)
40

627
(2)
881
328
73
18
1
1,124
0
2,201
954
509
3
30
1,895

570
(0)
109
196
339
(13)
(1)
129
0
84
8
41
2
(0)
166

248
(2)
287
132
69
0
0
333
0
149
55
153
0
0
273

398
4
709
604
82
1
(5)
421
(0)
312
67
66
1
(16)
584

1,888
(1)
1,993
1,264
570
6
(6)
2,047
(0)
2,751
1,086
773
5
13
2,958

Balance as of January 1, 2023
Changes in the group of consolidated companies
New provisions
Amounts used
Unused amounts reversed
Effects from exchange rate fluctuations/Unwind of discount
Transfers
Balance as of December 31, 2023
Changes in the group of consolidated companies
New provisions
Amounts used
Unused amounts reversed
Effects from exchange rate fluctuations/Unwind of discount
Transfers
Balance as of December 31, 2024
1

For the remaining portion of provisions as disclosed on the consolidated balance sheet, please see Note 19 “Allowance for Credit Losses”, in which allowances for credit
related off-balance sheet positions are disclosed

Classes of Provisions
Operational Risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from
external events. The definition used for the purposes of determining operational provisions differs from the risk
management definition, as it excludes risk of loss resulting from civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters. For
risk management purposes, operational risk includes legal risk, as payments to customers, counterparties and regulatory
bodies in civil litigations or regulatory enforcement matters constitute loss events for operational shortcomings, but
excludes business and reputational risk.
Civil Litigation provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging non-compliance with contractual
or other legal or regulatory responsibilities, which have resulted or may result in demands from customers, counterparties
or other parties in civil litigations.
Regulatory Enforcement provisions arise out of current or potential claims or proceedings alleging non-compliance with
legal or regulatory responsibilities, which have resulted or may result in an assessment of fines or penalties by
governmental regulatory agencies, self-regulatory organizations or other enforcement authorities.
Restructuring provisions arise out of restructuring activities. The Group aims to enhance its long-term competitiveness
through major reductions in costs, duplication and complexity in the years ahead. For details see Note 10 “Restructuring”.
Other provisions include several specific items arising from a variety of different circumstances, including the provision for
the reimbursement of loan processing fees, deferred sales commissions, provisions for bank levies and mortgage
repurchase demands.

Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
The Group recognizes a provision for potential loss only when there is a present obligation arising from a past event that is
probable to result in an economic outflow that can be reliably estimated. Where a reliable estimate cannot be made for
such an obligation, no provision is recognized and the obligation is deemed a contingent liability. Contingent liabilities also
include possible obligations for which the possibility of future economic outflow is more than remote but less than
probable. Where a provision has been taken for a particular claim, no contingent liability is recorded; for matters or sets of
matters consisting of more than one claim, however, provisions may be recorded for some claims, and contingent liabilities
(or neither a provision nor a contingent liability) may be recorded for others.
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to significant litigation risks. As a result, the
Group is involved in litigation, arbitration and regulatory proceedings and investigations in Germany and in a number of
jurisdictions outside Germany, including the United States. In recent years, regulation and supervision in a number of areas
have increased, and regulators, governmental bodies and others have sought to subject financial services providers to
increasing oversight and scrutiny, which in turn has led to additional regulatory investigations and enforcement actions
which are often followed by civil litigation.

477

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

In determining for which of the claims the possibility of a loss is probable, or less than probable but more than remote, and
then estimating the possible loss for those claims, the Group takes into consideration a number of factors, including but
not limited to the nature of the claim and its underlying facts, the procedural posture and litigation history of each case,
rulings by the courts or tribunals, the Group’s experience and the experience of others in similar cases (to the extent this is
known to the Group), prior settlement discussions, settlements by others in similar cases (to the extent this is known to the
Group), available indemnities and the opinions and views of legal counsel and other experts.
The provisions the Group has recognized for civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters as of December 31, 2024
and December 31, 2023 are set forth in the table above. For some matters where the Group believes an outflow of funds
is probable, but the Group could not reliably estimate the amount of the potential outflow, no provision was recognized.
For the matters for which a reliable estimate can be made, but the probability of a future loss or outflow of resources is
more than remote but less than probable, the Group currently estimates that, as of December 31, 2024, these contingent
liabilities are approximately € 0.6 billion for civil litigation matters (December 31, 2023: € 1.9 billion) and € 0.1 billion for
regulatory enforcement matters (December 31, 2023: € 0.2 billion). These figures include matters where the Group’s
potential liability is joint and several and where the Group expects any such liability to be paid by a third party. If the Group’s
best estimate is within a range, the amount at the top of the range is included in the amount of contingent liabilities.
For other significant civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters where the Group believes the possibility of an
outflow of funds is more than remote but less than probable, but the amount is not reliably estimable, such matters are
not included in the contingent liability estimates. In addition, where the Group believes the possibility of an outflow of
funds is remote, the Group has neither recognized a provision nor included the matters in the contingent liability estimates.
This estimated possible loss, as well as any provisions taken, is based upon currently available information and is subject
to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions, variables and known and unknown uncertainties. These uncertainties
may include inaccuracies in or incompleteness of the information available to the Group, particularly at the preliminary
stages of matters, and assumptions by the Group as to future rulings of courts or other tribunals or the likely actions or
positions taken by regulators or adversaries may prove incorrect. Moreover, estimates of possible loss for these matters
are often not amenable to the use of statistical or other quantitative analytical tools frequently used in making judgments
and estimates, and are subject to even greater degrees of uncertainty than in many other areas where the Group must
exercise judgment and make estimates. The estimated possible loss, as well as any provisions taken, can be and often are
substantially less than the amount initially requested by regulators or adversaries or the maximum potential loss that could
be incurred were the matters to result in a final adjudication adverse to the Group. Moreover, in several regions in which
the Group operates, an adversary often is not required to set forth the amount it is seeking, and where it is, the amount
may not be subject to the same requirements that generally apply to pleading factual allegations or legal claims.
The matters for which the Group determines that the possibility of a future loss is more than remote will change from time
to time, as will the matters as to which a reliable estimate can be made and the estimated possible loss for such matters.
Actual results may prove to be significantly higher or lower than the estimate of possible loss in those matters where such
an estimate was made. In addition, loss may be incurred in matters with respect to which the Group believed the likelihood
of loss was remote. In particular, the estimated aggregate possible loss does not represent the Group’s potential maximum
loss exposure for those matters.
The Group may settle litigation or regulatory proceedings or investigations prior to a final judgment or determination of
liability. It may do so to avoid the cost, management efforts or negative business, regulatory or reputational consequences
of continuing to contest liability, even when the Group believes it has a valid defense against liability. It may also do so
when the potential consequences of failing to prevail would be disproportionate to the costs of settlement. Furthermore,
the Group may, for similar reasons, reimburse counterparties for their losses even in situations where it does not believe
that it is legally compelled to do so.

478

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

Current Individual Proceedings
Set forth below are descriptions of civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters or groups of matters for which the
Group has taken material provisions, or for which there are material contingent liabilities, or for which there is the possibility
of material business or reputational risk, as well as other significant matters. In addition, similar matters are grouped
together and some matters consist of a number of proceedings or claims. The disclosed matters also include matters for
which the possibility of a loss is more than remote but for which the Group cannot reliably estimate the possible loss.
Matters are presented below in English-language alphabetical order based on the titles the Group has used for them.
Consent Order and Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve. On July 19, 2023, Deutsche Bank, Deutsche Bank AG
New York Branch, DB USA Corporation, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (DBTCA) and DWS USA Corporation
entered into a Consent Order and Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve resolving previously disclosed regulatory
discussions concerning adherence to prior orders and settlements related to sanctions and embargoes and AML
compliance, and remedial agreements and obligations related to risk management issues. The Consent Order alleges
insufficient and tardy implementation of the post-settlement sanctions and embargoes and AML control enhancement
undertakings required by prior Consent Orders the bank entered into with the Federal Reserve in 2015 and 2017. The
Written Agreement alleges various deficiencies in governance, risk management, and internal controls across the bank’s
U.S. operations, and finds that the bank must continue to implement additional improvements. The Consent Order requires
Deutsche Bank to pay a civil monetary penalty of U.S. $ 186 million, including U.S. $ 140 million for the violations alleged
with respect to the post-settlement sanctions and embargoes and AML control enhancement undertakings, as well as a
separate penalty of U.S. $ 46 million for unsafe or unsound practices stemming from the bank’s handling of its legacy
correspondent banking relationship with Danske Bank Estonia, which was terminated in October 2015. The Written
Agreement does not include a civil monetary penalty. Both the Consent Order and Written Agreement include certain
post-settlement remediation and reporting undertakings.
Cum-ex Investigations and Litigations. Deutsche Bank has received inquiries from law enforcement authorities, including
requests for information and documents, in relation to cum-ex transactions of clients. “Cum-ex” refers to trading activities
in German shares around dividend record dates (trade date before and settlement date after dividend record date) for the
purpose of obtaining German tax credits or refunds in relation to withholding tax levied on dividend payments, including
transaction structures that have resulted in more than one market participant claiming such credit or refund with respect
to the same dividend payment. Cum-ex transactions are regarded as criminal tax evasion by German courts. Deutsche Bank
is cooperating with the law enforcement authorities in these matters.
The Public Prosecutor in Cologne (Staatsanwaltschaft Köln, “CPP”) has been conducting a criminal investigation since
August 2017 concerning two former employees of Deutsche Bank in relation to cum-ex transactions of certain former
clients of the bank. In October 2022, the CPP conducted a search at Deutsche Bank’s offices in Frankfurt and Eschborn.
Based on the search warrant the CPP expanded the scope of the investigation. Current and former Deutsche Bank
employees and seven former Management Board members are included in the investigation. The investigation is still at an
early stage and the scope of the investigation may be further broadened. Deutsche Bank is a potential secondary
participant pursuant to Section 30 of the German Law on Administrative Offences in this proceeding. This proceeding
could result in a disgorgement of profits and fines. Deutsche Bank is cooperating with the CPP.
In May 2021, Deutsche Bank learned through an information request received by Deutsche Oppenheim Family Office AG
(DOAG) as legal successor of Sal. Oppenheim jr. & Cie. AG & Co. KGaA (Sal. Oppenheim) that the CPP in 2021 opened a
criminal investigation proceeding in relation to cum-ex transactions against unknown former personnel of Sal. Oppenheim.
DOAG provided the requested information.
On July 12, 2023, Deutsche Bank as legal successor of Deutsche Postbank AG was informed by the CPP that the CPP has
opened a new separate criminal cum-ex investigation against unnamed personnel of former Deutsche Postbank AG.
Deutsche Bank acted as participant in and filed withholding tax refund claims through the electronic refund procedure
(elektronisches Datenträgerverfahren) on behalf of, inter alia, two former custody clients in connection with their cum-ex
transactions. In February 2018, Deutsche Bank received from the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für
Steuern, “FTO”) a demand of approximately € 49.0 million for tax refunds paid to a former custody client. Deutsche Bank
expects to receive a formal notice for the same amount. In December 2019, Deutsche Bank received a liability notice from
the FTO requesting payment of € 2.1 million in connection with tax refund claims Deutsche Bank had submitted on behalf
of another former custody client, which Deutsche Bank paid in early 2020. In July 2022, Deutsche Bank filed an action
against this payment with the Fiscal Court of Cologne (Finanzgericht Köln).

479

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

In 2018, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV (BNY) informed Deutsche Bank of its intention to seek indemnification for
potential cum-ex related tax liabilities incurred by BHF Asset Servicing GmbH (BAS) and/or Frankfurter Service
Kapitalanlage-GmbH (“Service KAG”, now named BNY Mellon Service Kapitalanlage-Gesellschaft mbH). Deutsche Bank
had acquired BAS and Service KAG as part of the acquisition of Sal. Oppenheim in 2010 and sold them to BNY later that
year. BNY estimated the potential tax liability to be up to € 120.0 million (excluding interest of 6% p.a.). In late 2020,
counsel to BNY informed Deutsche Bank that BNY and/or Service KAG (among others) have received notices from tax
authorities in the estimated amount with respect to cum-ex related trades by certain investment funds in 2009 and 2010.
BNY has filed objections against the notices. Following receipt of payment orders from tax authorities in the amount of
€ 118.3 million in relation to the investment funds and after consultation with Deutsche Bank, BNY paid € 53.6 million to
tax authorities. A further € 50.9 million were originally paid by third parties. In addition, BNY received from the Frankfurt
Tax Office regarding one of the investment funds a notice and payment request regarding penalty interest
(Hinterziehungszinsen) in the amount of € 11.6 million. BNY, after consultation with Deutsche Bank, applied for a
suspension of enforcement (Aussetzung der Vollziehung) regarding the payment request which was granted by the Fiscal
Court of Hesse (Hessisches Finanzgericht) in October 2024. In 2025, BNY informed Deutsche Bank that it has received a
repayment of € 2.5 million due to a payment in 2024 by a further third party in relation to one of the investment funds.
In December 2023 and April 2024, Deutsche Bank received hearing letters from the FTO regarding three third party
investment funds that engaged in cum-ex trades in 2009. Deutsche Bank had provided services and financing to investors
in the funds. The funds received an aggregate of € 147 million in cum-ex withholding tax refunds in 2009. In February 2024,
Deutsche Bank responded to the first two hearing letters. In June and July 2024, Deutsche Bank received two tax liability
notices (Haftungsbescheide) from the FTO in an aggregate amount of € 85 million regarding two of the funds. Deutsche
Bank filed objections (Einsprüche) and applied for a suspension of enforcement (Aussetzung der Vollziehung) regarding the
notices. The suspension of enforcement was granted in July 2024.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters
because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.
FX Derivatives Products Investigations and Litigation. Following an internal investigation into the historical sales of certain
FX derivatives products, Deutsche Bank is providing information to and otherwise cooperating with its regulators. In
December 2023, the Spanish National Securities Market Commission (CNMV) announced it will initiate proceedings against
Deutsche Bank, S.A.E. for advisory services provided to Spanish clients in relation to FX derivative products. In January
2025, the CNMV concluded those proceedings and issued a fine of € 10 million against DB S.A.E. and a one year suspension
of advisory services by DB S.A.E. relating to complex OTC derivative transactions with embedded complex FX structures.
DB S.A.E. has filed an appeal with the Spanish courts. Separately, in September 2021, Deutsche Bank was served with a
claim that was filed in the High Court of England and Wales by four companies within the Palladium Hotels Group (PHG).
PHG claimed restitution or damages for alleged losses estimated at € 500 million in respect of FX derivatives trades
entered into with Deutsche Bank between 2013 and 2019. They alleged that the trades were mis-sold by Deutsche Bank
and that one of the four PHG claimants lacked legal capacity to enter into some of the trades. Deutsche Bank filed a
defense disputing the claim. In January 2024, PHG filed amended pleadings to include additional allegations of fraudulent
misrepresentation. Deutsche Bank filed an amended defense in February 2024 which disputed the new allegations.
Deutsche Bank and PHG agreed a full and final settlement of the claim on confidential terms and the High Court
proceedings were dismissed in July 2024.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters
because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.
FX Investigations and Litigations. Deutsche Bank has received requests for information from certain regulatory and law
enforcement agencies globally who investigated trading in, and various other aspects of, the foreign exchange market.
Deutsche Bank has been named as a defendant in an amended and consolidated class action filed in Israel. This action
alleges a conspiracy among traders at 16 banks to manipulate FX benchmark rates and to widen FX currency pair spreads
in the period 2003 to 2013 and seeks damages pursuant to Israeli antitrust law as well as other causes of action. This action
is in preliminary stages.
In May 2021, Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alemao was named in a civil antitrust action brought in the São Paulo Civil Court
of Central Jurisdiction by the Association of Brazilian Exporters (AEB) against certain FX dealers and affiliated financial
institutions in Brazil. This action asserts factual allegations based on conduct investigated by the Brazilian competition
authority, CADE, and seeks damages pursuant to Brazilian antitrust law. In February 2022, the presiding judge dismissed
the action on the basis that the action was not appropriate for a class proceeding. AEB has appealed the decision. Deutsche
Bank has not yet been served.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters
because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.

480

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

Interbank and Dealer Offered Rates Matters. Regulatory and Law Enforcement Matters. Deutsche Bank has responded to
requests for information from, and cooperated with, various regulatory and law enforcement agencies, in connection with
industry-wide investigations concerning the setting of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), Euro Interbank Offered
Rate (EURIBOR), Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (TIBOR) and other interbank and/or dealer offered rates.
From 2013 through 2017, Deutsche Bank entered into settlements with the European Commission, the U.S. Department
of Justice (DOJ), the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the
New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) and other regulators with respect to interbank and dealer offered
rates matters. Other investigations of Deutsche Bank concerning the setting of various interbank and/or dealer offered
rates remain ongoing.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to the remaining
investigations because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.
Civil Litigations. Deutsche Bank is party to three U.S. civil actions concerning alleged manipulation relating to the setting
of U.S. dollar LIBOR, as well as actions pending in the UK, Argentina and Spain. The Group has not disclosed whether it has
established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters because it has concluded that such disclosure
can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.
The U.S. civil actions were filed against Deutsche Bank and numerous other defendants on behalf of parties who allege
losses as a result of manipulation relating to the setting of U.S. dollar LIBOR. Claims for damages for all three of the U.S.
civil actions discussed have been asserted under various legal theories, including violations of federal and state antitrust
and other laws.
Two of the three U.S. civil actions concerning U.S. dollar LIBOR are being coordinated as part of a multidistrict litigation
(the “U.S. dollar LIBOR MDL”) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (SDNY). Following a series of
decisions in the U.S. dollar LIBOR MDL between March 2013 and March 2019 narrowing their claims, plaintiffs in the U.S.
Dollar LIBOR MDL are currently asserting antitrust claims, claims under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act and U.S.
Securities Exchange Act and state law fraud, contract, unjust enrichment and other tort claims. The court has also issued
decisions dismissing certain plaintiffs’ claims for lack of personal jurisdiction and on statute of limitations grounds.
In 2016, the district court issued a ruling dismissing certain antitrust claims while allowing others to proceed. Multiple
plaintiffs filed appeals of that ruling. In December 2021, the Second Circuit affirmed the district court’s decision on
antitrust standing grounds but reversed the court’s decision on personal jurisdiction grounds, and it remanded the cases
to the district court for further proceedings. In March 2022, defendants (including Deutsche Bank) filed a petition for a writ
of certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court to review the Court of Appeals’ decision. The U.S. Supreme Court denied
defendants’ petition in June 2022.
On October 4, 2024, defendants, including Deutsche Bank, filed a motion for summary judgment in the U.S. dollar LIBOR
MDL. The motion is now fully briefed and awaiting decision.
In August 2020, plaintiffs filed a non-class action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against
several financial institutions, alleging that U.S. dollar LIBOR has been suppressed through the present. In September 2022,
the court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss, but granted plaintiffs leave to amend. Later in 2022, the plaintiffs
filed an amended complaint, and the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint, which the court granted
in October 2023. Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and an
amended notice of appeal in November 2023. Plaintiffs filed their appeal brief on January 25, 2024, and defendants filed
their appeal brief on March 25, 2024. The Court affirmed the district court’s decision dismissing the complaint on
December 9, 2024. On December 23, 2024, plaintiffs filed a petition for rehearing. On January 22, 2025, the Court denied
plaintiffs’ petition for rehearing.

481

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

There is a further UK civil action regarding U.S. dollar LIBOR brought by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(FDIC) acting as receiver for 19 failed financial institutions headquartered in the U.S., in which a claim for damages has
been asserted pursuant to EU, UK and U.S. state laws. In February 2022, following a ruling issued by the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit in relation to USD LIBOR antitrust claims, the UK LIBOR proceedings were stayed until July
2022, to allow for clarification of the position in relation to the parallel proceedings brought by the FDIC against Deutsche
Bank in the U.S. The FDIC filed an application to reinstate proceedings in the United States in July 2022. Following the
expiration of the UK stay, at a case management conference that took place in December 2022, the UK court ordered a
trial of a sample of three of the failed financial institutions. This ‘sample bank’ trial has been listed for a 19-week trial in
February 2026. In December 2022, the SDNY granted the FDIC’s application to reinstate certain of its claims against
Deutsche Bank (and the other foreign defendants) in the U.S. to the extent these claims survived a motion to dismiss on
the merits and subject to defendants’ reservation of rights to dispute the claims in the future.
A further class action regarding LIBOR has been filed in Argentina seeking damages for losses allegedly suffered by holders
of Argentine bonds with interest rates based on LIBOR. On August 16, 2024, the court accepted the plaintiff’s withdrawal
of its claims against Deutsche Bank and certain other defendants, but the action remains pending against one defendant.
Jeffrey Epstein Matters. In December 2018, Deutsche Bank began the process to terminate its client relationship with
Jeffrey Epstein, which began in August 2013. Since Epstein’s arrest in July 2019, Deutsche Bank provided information to
and cooperated with various regulatory and law enforcement agencies concerning the bank’s former client relationship
with Epstein (individually, and through related parties and entities) and entered into settlements to resolve certain
regulatory and litigation matters. In addition, as noted below, a more recent Epstein matter against Deutsche Bank was
discontinued with prejudice.
On November 23, 2023, Deutsche Bank AG, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, and DBTCA were named as defendants
in a complaint filed in New York State Supreme Court by an alleged victim of Epstein. The complaint, amended on
December 31, 2023, contained the same Trafficking Victims Protection Act and New York law claims that had been
asserted against the bank in a recently settled class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the SDNY. On April 8,
2024, the plaintiff discontinued all claims against Deutsche Bank with prejudice.
Monte Dei Paschi. In November 2019, the Court of First Instance of Milan convicted five former Deutsche Bank employees
and one then-current employee of aiding and abetting false accounting and market manipulation in relation to repo
transactions that Deutsche Bank had entered into with Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (MPS) and a subsidiary of MPS in
2008. The individuals were given sentences of either 3 years and 6 months or 4 years and 8 months. Deutsche Bank was
found liable under Italian Legislative Decree n. 231/2001 and the Court ordered the seizure of alleged profits of
€ 64.9 million and a fine of € 3 million. The Court also found Deutsche Bank had civil vicarious liability for damages (to be
quantified) as an employer of the employees who were convicted. The sentences and fines were not due until the
conclusion of any appeal process. Following appeals filed by Deutsche Bank and the six Deutsche Bank individuals, in 2022,
the Milan Court of Appeal acquitted all the Deutsche Bank defendants from all charges. The Public Prosecutor filed an
appeal against the Milan Court of Appeal verdicts before the Supreme Court in November 2022. In October 2023, the
Supreme Court declared the Public Prosecutor’s appeal inadmissible and confirmed the acquittal decisions of the Milan
Court of Appeal, which are now therefore final.
In May 2018, CONSOB, the authority responsible for regulating the Italian financial markets, issued fines of € 100,000 each
against the six Deutsche Bank individuals who were defendants in the criminal proceedings. The six individuals were also
banned from performing management functions in Italy and for Italian based institutions for three to six months each. No
separate fine or sanction was imposed on Deutsche Bank, but it is jointly and severally liable for the six Deutsche Bank
individuals’ fines. In June 2018, Deutsche Bank and the six individuals filed an appeal in the Milan Court of Appeal
challenging CONSOB’s decision. In December 2020, the Milan Court of Appeal allowed the appeals filed by Deutsche Bank
and the six individuals and annulled the resolution sanctioning them. In June 2021, CONSOB filed an appeal to the
Supreme Court against the Court of Appeal’s decision but withdrew its appeal in November 2024 following the full
acquittal of the six individuals from criminal charges brought against them. As a result, the decision of the Milan Court of
Appeal is now final and binding.
Finally, in the second quarter of 2024, a former Deutsche Bank employee filed and served a claim against it in the German
Courts, seeking approximately € 152 million in damages for alleged harm caused to his career by the Italian criminal
proceedings and conviction at first instance. The five other Deutsche Bank individuals from the criminal proceedings have
also threatened to bring their own such claims in the English Courts. Deutsche Bank considers all such claims to be entirely
without merit and will defend itself against them robustly, including disputing inflated, unrealistic alleged losses such as
the figure claimed in Germany.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters
because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.

482

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

Mortgage-Related and Asset-Backed Securities – Issuer and Underwriter Civil Litigation. Deutsche Bank has been named
as defendant in numerous civil litigations brought by private parties in connection with its various roles, including issuer or
underwriter, in offerings of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) and other asset-backed securities. These cases,
described below, allege that the offering documents contained material misrepresentations and omissions, including with
regard to the underwriting standards pursuant to which the underlying mortgage loans were issued, or assert that various
representations or warranties relating to the loans were breached at the time of origination. The Group has recorded
provisions with respect to several of these civil cases, but has not recorded provisions with respect to all of these matters.
The Group has not disclosed the amount of these provisions because it has concluded that such disclosure can be
expected to prejudice seriously the resolution of these matters.
Deutsche Bank is a defendant in an action related to RMBS offerings brought by the FDIC as receiver for Citizens National
Bank and Strategic Capital Bank (alleging an unspecified amount in damages against all defendants). In this action, the
appellate court reinstated claims previously dismissed on statute of limitations grounds, and petitions for rehearing and
certiorari to the U.S. Supreme Court were denied. In May 2022, the FDIC voluntarily dismissed its claim with respect to one
of the RMBS offerings and Deutsche Bank filed a motion for summary judgment seeking dismissal of the remaining claim.
Deutsche Bank's motion has been fully briefed as of July 2022. Discovery is stayed pending resolution of Deutsche Bank's
motion.
Deutsche Bank is a defendant in cases concerning two RMBS trusts that were brought initially by RMBS investors and
subsequently by HSBC, as trustee, in New York state court. The cases allege breaches of Deutsche Bank’s purported duty
to notify the trustee of breaches of loan-level representations and warranties in the ACE Securities Corp. 2006-FM1 and
ACE Securities Corp. 2007-ASAP1 RMBS offerings, respectively. The cases originally asserted claims against Deutsche
Bank for breaches of representations and warranties, but those claims were dismissed as untimely, and the appellate court
affirmed in April 2019. Discovery is ongoing.
In October 2019, plaintiffs filed two complaints (one by HSBC as trustee and one by certificate holders) seeking to revive,
under Section 205(a) of the New York Civil Practice Law and Rules, the untimely breach of representations and warranties
claims as to which dismissal was affirmed in the case concerning ACE Securities Corp. 2006-FM1. The trial court dismissed
the certificate holder action, and the First Department affirmed in 2022. The certificate holders filed a motion for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeals, which was denied on February 20, 2024. The trial court also dismissed the trustee revival
action filed by HSBC. In November 2022, HSBC filed an appeal, which it ultimately withdrew on March 18, 2024.
In the actions against Deutsche Bank solely as an underwriter of other issuers’ RMBS offerings, Deutsche Bank has
contractual rights to indemnification from the issuers, but those indemnity rights may in whole or in part prove effectively
unenforceable where the issuers are now or may in the future be in bankruptcy or otherwise defunct.
Mortgage-Related and Asset-Backed Securities – Trustee Civil Litigation. Deutsche Bank’s U.S. subsidiaries Deutsche Bank
National Trust Company (DBNTC) and DBTCA (collectively, the “Trustees”) are defendants in two separate civil lawsuits,
and DBNTC is a defendant in a third civil lawsuit, brought by investors concerning the Trustees’ role as trustees of certain
RMBS trusts. The actions generally allege claims for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of the duty to
avoid conflicts of interest, negligence and/or violations of the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939, based on the Trustees’
alleged failure to perform adequately certain obligations and/or duties as trustee for the trusts.
The three lawsuits include actions by (a) the National Credit Union Administration Board (NCUA), as an investor in 18 trusts
that allegedly suffered total realized collateral losses of more than U.S. $ 3.7 billion; (b) Commerzbank AG, as an investor
in 50 RMBS trusts, alleging hundreds of millions of dollars in losses; and (c) IKB International, S.A. in liquidation and IKB
Deutsche Industriebank A.G. (collectively, “IKB”), as an investor in 12 RMBS trusts, originally seeking more than U.S.
$ 268 million of damages before IKB voluntarily discontinued its claims as to certain RMBS certificates. In the NCUA case,
DBNTC’s motion to dismiss the amended complaint was granted in part and denied in part, dismissing NCUA’s tort claims
but preserving its breach-of-contract claims. Both parties filed motions for partial summary judgment, and those motions
are fully briefed and pending before the court. In February 2022, the court in the Commerzbank case granted in part and
denied in part DBNTC’s and DBTCA’s motion for summary judgment, dismissing all of the tort claims and dismissing the
breach of contract claims relating to certain of the trusts, and denied Commerzbank’s motion for summary judgment in its
entirety. A second round of summary judgment briefing was completed on January 23, 2025. In January 2021, the court in
the IKB case granted in part and denied in part the Trustees’ motion to dismiss, dismissing certain of IKB’s claims but
allowing certain of its breach of contract and tort claims to go forward; the Trustees appealed certain aspects of that order,
and IKB cross-appealed with respect to other aspects. In August 2022, the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division,
First Department, affirmed in part and reversed in part the trial court’s order on the motion to dismiss. DBNTC and DBTCA
appealed certain aspects of the First Department’s decision. In June 2023, the New York Court of Appeals modified the
First Department’s decision in part, dismissing certain additional contract claims and IKB’s remaining tort claims. The
operative scheduling order contemplates that summary judgment briefing will be completed by March 20, 2025.

483

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

The Group has established contingent liabilities with respect to certain of these matters, but the Group has not disclosed
the amounts because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously the outcome of these
matters.
Polish Mortgage Matters. Starting in 2016, certain clients of Deutsche Bank Polska S.A. have reached out to Deutsche Bank
Polska S.A. alleging that their mortgage loan agreements in foreign currency include unfair clauses and are invalid. These
clients have demanded reimbursement of the alleged overpayments under such agreements totaling over € 864 million
with over 6,645 civil claims having been commenced in Polish courts as of December 31, 2024. These cases are an
industry-wide issue in Poland and other banks are facing similar claims. Deutsche Bank Polska S.A. has and will take
necessary legal actions to defend itself and challenge such claims in courts.
During 2023, there was a deterioration in the risk profile with respect to the Polish FX mortgage portfolio, especially
following an adverse decision by the European Court of Justice on June 15, 2023, which affected the broader Polish
banking sector. In addition, the bank refined its model for estimating the provision in the third quarter of 2023 for the
expected development of court verdicts and other market parameters.
During the fourth quarter of 2024, as part of the annual model review and quarterly provisioning review, the Bank refined
the model-based estimate with additional data points (e.g., latest claim information, loss ratio, court settlements as well
as expected number of claims), which resulted in an increase in the provision of € 317 million in the fourth quarter of 2024.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the provision increased by € 475 million, resulting in a total portfolio provision for
CHF and EUR mortgage cases of € 895 million as of December 31, 2024 compared to € 534 million as of December 31,
2023.
Postbank Voluntary Public Takeover Offer. In September 2010, Deutsche Bank announced the decision to make a
voluntary takeover offer for the acquisition of all shares in Deutsche Postbank AG ("Postbank"). On October 7, 2010,
Deutsche Bank published its official takeover offer and offered Postbank shareholders a consideration of € 25 for each
Postbank share. This offer was accepted for a total of approximately 48.2 million Postbank shares.
Several former shareholders of Postbank who had accepted the takeover offer brought claims against Deutsche Bank
alleging that the offer price was too low. The plaintiffs allege that Deutsche Bank had been obliged to make a mandatory
takeover offer for all shares in Postbank, at the latest, in 2009. Based thereon, the plaintiffs allege that the consideration
offered by Deutsche Bank for the shares in Postbank needed to be raised to € 57.25 or even € 64.25 per share.
The claims for payment against Deutsche Bank in relation to these matters originally amounted to almost € 700 million
(excluding interest, which would be significant due to the long duration of the proceedings).
At the end of April 2024, the Higher Regional Court of Cologne indicated in a hearing that it may find these claims valid in
a later ruling. As a consequence, Deutsche Bank recognized a provision of € 1.3 billion in the second quarter of 2024 to
provide for the amount of all pending claims and cumulative interest.
In the third quarter of 2024, Deutsche Bank reached settlement agreements as regards more than 60% of the plaintiff
claims by value in the litigation (calculated based on the asserted shareholdings) which resulted in a partial release of the
original provision. As of December 31, 2024 a provision of € 550 million remains in place for the outstanding plaintiff claims
as of December 31, 2024.
On October 23, 2024, the Higher Regional Court of Cologne handed down its judgment in the remaining lead case and
fully granted the plaintiffs' claims. The court did not grant a further leave to appeal to the Federal Court of Justice (BGH).
On November 19, 2024, Deutsche Bank filed a complaint against the denial of leave to appeal with the BGH.
The legal question of whether Deutsche Bank had been obliged to make a mandatory takeover offer for all Postbank shares
prior to its 2010 voluntary takeover may impact two pending appraisal proceedings (Spruchverfahren). These proceedings
were initiated by former Postbank shareholders with the aim to increase the cash compensation of € 35.05 paid in
connection with the squeeze-out of Postbank shareholders in 2015 and the cash compensation of € 25.18 offered and
annual compensation of € 1.66 paid in connection with the execution of a domination and profit and loss transfer
agreement (Beherrschungs- und Gewinnabführungsvertrag) between DB Finanz-Holding AG (now DB BeteiligungsHolding GmbH) and Postbank in 2012. The compensation of € 25.18 in connection with the domination and profit and loss
transfer agreement was accepted for approximately 0.5 million Postbank shares. The compensation of € 35.05 paid in
connection with the squeeze-out in 2015 was relevant for approximately 7 million Postbank shares.

484

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

The applicants in the appraisal proceedings claim that a potential obligation of Deutsche Bank to make a mandatory
takeover offer for Postbank at an offer price of at least € 57.25 should be decisive when determining the adequate cash
compensation in the appraisal proceedings. The Regional Court Cologne had originally followed this legal view of the
applicants in two resolutions. In a decision dated June 2019, the Regional Court Cologne expressly gave up this legal view
in the appraisal proceedings in connection with the execution of a domination and profit and loss transfer agreement.
According to this decision, the question whether Deutsche Bank was obliged to make a mandatory offer for all Postbank
shares prior to its voluntary takeover offer in 2010 shall not be relevant for determining the appropriate cash
compensation. It is likely that the Regional Court Cologne will take the same legal position in the appraisal proceedings in
connection with the squeeze-out.
On October 1, 2020, the Regional Court Cologne handed down a decision in the appraisal proceeding concerning the
domination and profit and loss transfer agreement (dated December 5, 2012) according to which the annual compensation
pursuant to Sec. 304 of the German Stock Corporation Act (jährliche Ausgleichszahlung) shall be increased by € 0.12 to
€ 1.78 per Postbank share and the settlement amount pursuant to Sec. 305 of the German Stock Corporation Act
(Abfindungsbetrag) shall be increased by € 4.56 to € 29.74 per Postbank share. The increase of the settlement amount is
of relevance for approximately 0.5 million former Postbank shares whereas the increase of the annual compensation is of
relevance for approximately 7 million former Postbank shares. Deutsche Bank as well as the applicants have lodged an
appeal against this decision.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to the appraisal
proceedings because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously its outcome.
RusChemAlliance Litigation. In June 2023, RusChemAlliance LLC ("RCA"), a Russian joint venture of Gazprom PJSC and
RusGasDobycha JSC, filed a claim against Deutsche Bank before a commercial state court in Saint Petersburg seeking
payment of approximately € 238 million plus interest under an advance payment guarantee ("APG") issued by Deutsche
Bank in 2021 at the request of one of its clients. RCA’s payment demand under the APG was rejected by Deutsche Bank
due to the imposition of EU sanctions against Russia. At the end of May 2024, the Russian court fully granted RCA's
payment claim and RCA's motion for interim measures by which a corresponding amount in Deutsche Bank's Russian
subsidiary was frozen as the Russian courts do not recognize the applicability of the EU sanctions. Deutsche Bank’s appeals
against this decision were dismissed in September 2024 and January 2025, respectively.
On October 23, 2024, upon application by RCA, the Russian court granted an anti-suit injunction (“ASI”) order against
Deutsche Bank prohibiting Deutsche Bank from continuing any court proceedings outside of Russia related to this issue or
enforcing any judgments or orders granted by a court outside of Russia under a threat of a court penalty of € 240 million
in case of non-compliance with the ASI. Deutsche Bank complied with the ASI order in November 2024. Deutsche Bank’s
appeal against the ASI order was dismissed in January 2025.
Deutsche Bank initially recognized a provision in the amount of € 260 million and a corresponding reimbursement asset
under an indemnification agreement in 2023. The expense from the recognition of the provision was offset by the income
from the initial recognition of the reimbursement asset. On November 15, 2024, RCA enforced its payment claim in an
amount of € 244 million including interest payable against assets of Deutsche Bank maintained in Russia. After
enforcement by RCA, which was covered by the provision, subsequent developments led to a de-recognition of the
indemnification asset as receipt of payment can no longer be viewed as virtually certain. Deutsche Bank is of the opinion
that it is in possession of a valid indemnification claim and will defend its position in court.
Sovereign, Supranational and Agency Bonds (SSA) Investigations and Litigations. Deutsche Bank has received inquiries
from certain regulatory and law enforcement authorities, including requests for information and documents, pertaining to
SSA bond trading. Deutsche Bank is cooperating with these investigations.
On May 24, 2023, the UK Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) sent a statement of objections to Deutsche Bank
regarding a potential breach of United Kingdom antitrust rules in relation to the sale, secondary market trading and buyback auctions of United Kingdom government bonds, which includes Gilts and Gilt asset swaps, between 2009 and 2013.
Deutsche Bank proactively cooperated with the CMA in this matter and as a result was granted full provisional immunity.
On February 21, 2025, the CMA issued its final decisions against Deutsche Bank and four other banks in relation to this
investigation, finding breaches of UK antitrust rules on specific dates in the period 2009 to 2013. No fine was imposed on
Deutsche Bank as the CMA confirmed it had full immunity as it has alerted the CMA to this matter.
On November 22, 2023, the European Commission announced its decision that Deutsche Bank and one other bank in the
past breached EU antitrust rules in relation to secondary market trading of Euro-denominated SSA bonds, and to a very
limited extent government guaranteed bonds. Deutsche Bank has proactively cooperated with the European Commission
in this matter and, as a result, has been granted full immunity. In accordance with the European Commission’s guidelines,
no financial penalty was imposed on Deutsche Bank. The timeframe of the alleged infringement ended in 2016.

485

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
27 – Provisions

Deutsche Bank is a defendant in a putative class action filed on June 16, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the SDNY by
alleged direct market participants claiming a violation of antitrust law related to alleged manipulation of the secondary
trading market for United Kingdom government bonds. The complaint seeks treble damages and attorneys’ fees. On
September 13, 2024, the Court granted Deutsche Bank’s motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim. The
plaintiff must seek leave of the Court to amend the complaint or the case will be dismissed with prejudice.
Deutsche Bank was named as a defendant in a putative class action filed in December 2022 in the U.S. District Court for
the SDNY by alleged direct market participants claiming a violation of antitrust law related to alleged manipulation of the
secondary trading market for Euro-denominated Sovereign bonds. On August 26, 2024, the Court granted Deutsche
Bank’s motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim. On September 11, 2024, the Court entered an order
dismissing the case with prejudice.
Deutsche Bank is also a defendant in putative class actions filed in 2017 in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice and
Federal Court of Canada, respectively, claiming violations of antitrust law and the common law relating to alleged
manipulation of secondary trading of SSA bonds. The complaints seek compensatory and punitive damages. On July 20,
2022, Deutsche Bank entered into a national settlement agreement that would resolve the Canadian Federal SSA claim
against all Deutsche Bank defendants. The Federal Court of Canada approved the settlement on November 15, 2024.
Deutsche Bank was named as a defendant in a consolidated putative class action filed in the U.S. District Court for the
SDNY alleging violations of U.S. antitrust law and a claim for unjust enrichment relating to Mexican government bond
trading. Defendants’ motion to dismiss plaintiffs’ consolidated amended complaint was granted without prejudice.
Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint naming only Mexico-based defendants, which was also dismissed without
prejudice. Plaintiffs appealed to the Second Circuit, and on February 9, 2024, the dismissal of the complaint was reversed.
Plaintiffs filed a further amended complaint on June 12, 2024. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on July 29, 2024, and
plaintiffs filed their opposition on September 13, 2024. On January 15, 2025, the Court denied Defendants’ motion to
dismiss. The case will now proceed to discovery.
Other than as noted above, the Group has not disclosed whether it has established provisions or contingent liabilities with
respect to the matters referred to above because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice
seriously their outcome.
U.S. Treasury Securities Investigations. Deutsche Bank has received inquiries from certain regulatory and law enforcement
authorities, including requests for information and documents, pertaining to U.S. Treasuries auctions, trading, and related
market activity. Deutsche Bank has cooperated with these investigations.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., the bank’s primary U.S. broker-dealer subsidiary (DBSI), was a defendant in several putative
class actions alleging violations of U.S. antitrust law, the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act and common law related to the
alleged manipulation of the U.S. Treasury securities market. These cases have been consolidated in the SDNY. In 2017, the
court dismissed DBSI from the class action without prejudice. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss a second amended
complaint, which was granted. On April 28, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. On February 1, 2024, the Second Circuit
issued a decision affirming the district court’s judgment dismissing the second amended complaint.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters
because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.
U.S. Treasury Spoofing Litigation. Five separate putative class actions have been filed in the Northern District of Illinois
against Deutsche Bank AG and DBSI. The cases allege that Deutsche Bank and other unnamed entities participated in a
scheme from January to December 2013 to spoof the market for Treasuries futures and options contracts and Eurodollar
futures and options contracts. Following briefing on a motion to dismiss, the judge ordered supplemental briefing on the
issues of standing and jurisdictional discovery, which has now been substantially completed. Plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint and then a further, second amended complaint. Deutsche Bank AG and DBSI filed a motion to dismiss on
September 12, 2023 and a reply on December 13, 2023. On September 30, 2024, the court requested additional briefing
on standing under Article III of the U.S. Constitution, which was completed on October 21, 2024.
The Group has not disclosed whether it has established a provision or contingent liability with respect to these matters
because it has concluded that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously their outcome.

486

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
28 – Credit related commitments and contingent liabilities

28 – Credit related commitments and contingent liabilities
Irrevocable lending commitments and lending related contingent liabilities
In the normal course of business the Group regularly enters into irrevocable lending commitments, including fronting
commitments as well as contingent liabilities consisting of financial and performance guarantees, standby letters of credit
and indemnity agreements on behalf of its customers. Under these contracts the Group is required to perform under an
obligation agreement or to make payments to the beneficiary based on third party’s failure to meet its obligations. For
these instruments it is not known to the Group in detail if, when and to what extent claims will be made. In the event that
the Group has to pay out cash in respect of its fronting commitments, the Group would immediately seek reimbursement
from the other syndicate lenders. The Group considers all the above instruments in monitoring the credit exposure and
may require collateral to mitigate inherent credit risk. If credit risk management provides sufficient evidence about an
expected loss from a claim, a provision is established and recorded on the balance sheet.
The following table shows the Group’s revocable lending commitments, irrevocable lending commitments and lending
related contingent liabilities without considering collateral or provisions. The amounts are the maximum potential
utilization required by the Group in case all these liabilities entered into must be funded. The table therefore does not show
the expected future cash flows required for these liabilities as many of them will expire without being drawn and arising
claims will be honored by the customers or can be recovered from proceeds of arranged collateral.
Irrevocable lending commitments and lending related contingent liabilities
in € m.

Irrevocable lending commitments
Revocable lending commitments
Contingent liabilities
Total

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

219,767
49,932
73,468
343,167

206,084
49,325
65,131
320,540

Other commitments and other contingent liabilities
The Group’s other irrevocable commitments and other contingent liabilities without considering collateral or provisions
were € 77.0 million as of December 31, 2024, and € 74.2 million as of December 31, 2023. The number considers the
maximum potential utilization of the Group in case all these liabilities entered into must be funded. The amounts therefore
do not contain the expected future cash flows from these liabilities as many of them will expire without being drawn and
arising claims will be honored by the customers or can be recovered from proceeds of arranged collateral.

Government assistance
In the course of its business, the Group regularly applies for and receives government support by means of Export Credit
Agency (“ECA”) guarantees covering transfer and default risks for the financing of exports and investments into Emerging
Markets and to a lesser extent, developed markets for Structured Trade & Export Finance and short- and medium-term
Trade Finance business. Almost all export-oriented states have established such ECAs to support their domestic exporters.
The ECAs act in the name and on behalf of the government of their respective country and are either constituted directly
as governmental departments or organized as private companies vested with the official mandate of the government to
act on its behalf. Terms and conditions of such ECA guarantees are broadly similar due to the fact that most of the ECAs
act within the scope of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) consensus rules. The OECD
consensus rules, an intergovernmental agreement of the OECD member states, define benchmarks intended to ensure
that a fair competition between different exporting nations will take place.
In some countries dedicated funding programs with governmental support are offered for ECA-covered financings. The
Group makes use of such programs to assist its clients in the financing of exported goods and services. In certain financings,
the Group also receives government guarantees from national and international governmental institutions as collateral to
support financings in the interest of the respective governments. The majority of such ECA guarantees received by the
Group were issued either by the Euler-Hermes S.A. acting on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany, by the Atradius
Credito y Caucion S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros acting on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or by the Korea Trade Insurance
Corporation acting on behalf of the Republic of Korea.

487

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
28 – Credit related commitments and contingent liabilities

Irrevocable payment commitments with regard to levies and deposit protection
Certain entities of the Group are required to make contributions to national resolution authorities or deposit protection
schemes such as the European Single Resolution Fund (SRF) of the Single Resolution Board . Part of such contributions
may be provided in the form of irrevocable payment commitments (IPCs) backed by cash and securities collateral.
IPCs related to the bank levy according to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), the SRF and the deposit
protection provided by the German deposit protection fund amounted to € 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2024
(December 31, 2023: € 1.4 billion). Thereof € 1.0 billion of IPCs related to the SRF (December 31, 2023: € 1.0 billion) and
€ 0.5 billion to the German deposit protection fund (December 31, 2023: € 0.5 billion).
As of December 31, 2024, the total collateral provided for IPC consisted of€ 1.0 billion of cash collateral and € 481 million
of securities collateral (December 31, 2023: € 1.4 billion and € 81 million, respectively). Thereof € 1.0 billion of cash
collateral related to the SRF (December 31, 2023: € 1.0 billion).
The Group accounts for IPCs as contingent liabilities as it is not deemed probable that IPCs will be called. Also, the Group
remains the economic owner of the collateral provided.
In October 2023, in a matter unrelated to the Group, the General Court of the EU handed down a judgement which
supported the SRB in its view that in case an entity that no longer falls within the scope of the Single Resolution
Mechanism, its IPCs are cancelled and collateral backing these commitments is only returned if the entity pays a cash
contribution to the SRF at the same amount. The plaintiff filed an appeal against this judgement to the Court of Justice of
the EU in January 2024. The Group is of the view that its accounting analysis for IPCs with regard to the SRF and deposit
protection remains unaffected as of December 31, 2024, and continues to monitor the legal developments and their
potential accounting impact.

488

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
30 – Long-Term Debt and Trust Preferred Securities

29 – Other Short-Term Borrowings
in € m.

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

5,954
3,940
9,895

5,497
4,123
9,620

Other short-term borrowings:
Commercial paper
Other
Total other short-term borrowings

30 – Long-Term Debt and Trust Preferred Securities
Long-Term Debt by Earliest Contractual Maturity
in € m.

Senior debt:
Bonds and notes:
Fixed rate
Floating rate
Other
Subordinated debt:
Bonds and notes:
Fixed rate
Floating rate
Other
Total long-term debt

Due in
2025

Due in
2026

Due in
2027

Due in
2028

Due in
2029

Due after
2029

Total
Dec 31,
2024

Total
Dec 31,
2023

14,134
2,058
1,554

13,514
1,442
1,545

12,286
2,768
881

9,531
823
1,469

10,493
494
939

11,456
3,611
14,190

71,414
11,196
20,578

72,656
9,028
26,394

2,883
0
0
20,628

2,000
0
42
18,543

2,436
0
20
18,391

0
0
0
11,823

0
0
0
11,926

4,307
0
22
33,587

11,626
0
85
114,899

11,163
0
149
119,390

The Group did not have any defaults of principal, interest or other breaches with respect to its liabilities in 2024 and 2023.
Trust Preferred Securities1
in € m.

Fixed rate
Floating rate
Total trust preferred securities
1

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

0
287
287

0
289
289

Perpetual instruments, redeemable at specific future dates at the Group’s option.

489

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Notes to the consolidated balance sheet
31 – Maturity Analysis of the earliest contractual undiscounted cash flows of Financial Liabilities

31 – Maturity Analysis of the earliest contractual undiscounted
cash flows of Financial Liabilities
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Noninterest bearing deposits
Interest bearing deposits
Trading liabilities¹
Negative market values from derivative financial
instruments¹
Financial liabilities designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities²
Negative market values from derivative financial
instruments qualifying for hedge accounting³
Central bank funds purchased
Securities sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Other short-term borrowings
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
Lease liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Off-balance sheet loan commitments
Financial guarantees
Total⁴

On demand

Due within
3 months

Due between
3 and 12
months

176,510
198,010
43,498

0
159,292
0

0
112,543
0

0
16,012
0

0
10,422
0

276,395

0

0

0

0

30,224
0

35,024
0

5,943
454

13,767
0

8,373
0

0
1,227
407
2
1,487
0
0
3
72,780
212,990
32,368
1,045,902

978
0
1,143
0
5,767
7,119
0
157
1,076
0
0
210,557

616
0
182
0
2,862
18,030
302
454
1,059
0
0
142,445

31
0
1,089
0
0
70,602
0
1,933
1,829
0
0
105,263

65
0
25
0
0
36,195
0
3,116
87
0
0
58,284

Due between
1 and 5 years

Due after
5 years

Trading liabilities and derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting balances are recorded at fair value. The Group believes that this best represents the cash flow that
would have to be paid if these positions had to be closed out. Trading liabilities and derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting balances are shown within “on
demand” which Group’s management believes most accurately reflects the short-term nature of trading activities. The contractual maturity of the instruments may
however extend over significantly longer periods.
2
These are investment contracts where the policy terms and conditions result in their redemption value equaling fair value.
3
Derivatives designated for hedge accounting are recorded at fair value and are shown in the time bucket at which the hedged relationship is expected to terminate.
4
The balances in the table do not agree to the numbers in the Group’s balance sheet as the cash flows included in the table are undiscounted. This analysis represents the
worst case scenario for the Group if the Group was required to repay all liabilities earlier than expected. The Group believes that the likelihood of such an event occurring
is remote.
1

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Noninterest bearing deposits
Interest bearing deposits
Trading liabilities¹
Negative market values from derivative financial
instruments¹
Financial liabilities designated at fair value
through profit or loss
Investment contract liabilities²
Negative market values from derivative financial
instruments qualifying for hedge accounting³
Central bank funds purchased
Securities sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Other short-term borrowings
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
Lease liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Off-balance sheet loan commitments
Financial guarantees
Total⁴

On demand

Due within
3 months

Due between
3 and 12
months

183,692
162,585
44,005

0
150,427
0

0
107,907
0

0
13,432
0

0
10,627
0

238,260

0

0

0

0

26,522
0

41,868
0

4,862
484

7,438
0

5,064
0

0
1,057
373
3
1,566
26
0
16
90,041
197,337
29,113
974,594

132
1
659
0
5,338
17,475
0
230
1,342
0
0
217,471

24
0
317
0
2,910
18,342
307
589
1,954
0
0
137,696

26
0
790
0
0
69,773
0
1,816
509
0
0
93,783

70
0
48
0
0
30,692
0
3,331
62
0
0
49,894

Due between
1 and 5 years

Due after
5 years

Trading liabilities and derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting balances are recorded at fair value. The Group believes that this best represents the cash flow that
would have to be paid if these positions had to be closed out. Trading liabilities and derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting balances are shown within “on
demand” which Group’s management believes most accurately reflects the short-term nature of trading activities. The contractual maturity of the instruments may
however extend over significantly longer periods.
2
These are investment contracts where the policy terms and conditions result in their redemption value equaling fair value.
3
Derivatives designated for hedge accounting are recorded at fair value and are shown in the time bucket at which the hedged relationship is expected to terminate.
4
The balances in the table do not agree to the numbers in the Group’s balance sheet as the cash flows included in the table are undiscounted. This analysis represents the
worst case scenario for the Group if the Group was required to repay all liabilities earlier than expected. The Group believes that the likelihood of such an event occurring
is remote.
1

490

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
32 – Common Shares

Additional Notes
32 – Common Shares
Common Shares
Deutsche Bank’s share capital consists of common shares issued in registered form without par value. Under German law,
each share represents an equal stake in the subscribed capital. Therefore, each share has a nominal value of € 2.56, derived
by dividing the total amount of share capital by the number of shares.
Issued and
fully paid

Number of shares

Common shares, January 1, 2023
Shares issued under share-based compensation plans
Capital increase
Common shares cancelled
Shares purchased for treasury
Shares sold or distributed from treasury
Common shares, December 31, 2023
Shares issued under share-based compensation plans
Capital increase
Common shares cancelled
Shares purchased for treasury
Shares sold or distributed from treasury
Common shares, December 31, 2024

2,066,773,131
0
0
(26,530,172)
0
0
2,040,242,959
0
0
(45,541,366)
0
0
1,994,701,593

Treasury shares

Outstanding

(28,931,618) 2,037,841,513
0
0
0
0
26,530,172
0
(81,868,366)
(81,868,366)
36,074,703
36,074,703
(48,195,109) 1,992,047,850
0
0
0
0
45,541,366
0
(86,796,707)
(86,796,707)
39,874,612
39,874,612
(49,575,838) 1,945,125,755

There are no issued ordinary shares that have not been fully paid.
The Group has bought back shares pursuant to share buyback authorizations by the Annual General Meetings. All such
transactions were recorded in shareholders’ equity and no revenues and expenses were recorded in connection with these
activities. Treasury stock held as of year-end will mainly be used for cancellation with the purpose of distributing capital
to shareholders as well as for future share-based compensation.

Authorized Capital
The Management Board is authorized to increase the share capital by issuing new shares for cash consideration. As of
December 31, 2024, Deutsche Bank AG had authorized but unissued capital of € 2,560,000,000 which may be issued in
whole or in part until April 30, 2026. Further details are governed by Section 4 of the Articles of Association.
Authorized capital

Consideration

Pre-emptive rights

€ 512,000,000

Cash

€ 2,048,000,000

Cash

May be excluded pursuant to Section 186 (3) sentence 4 of the Stock Corporation April 30, 2026
Act and may be excluded in so far as it is necessary to grant pre-emptive rights to
the holders of option rights, convertible bonds, and convertible participatory rights
May be excluded in so far as it is necessary to grant pre-emptive rights to the April 30, 2026
holders of option rights, convertible bonds, and convertible participatory rights.

Expiration date

Conditional Capital
Deutsche Bank has no outstanding conditional capital as of December 31, 2024.

Dividends
The following table presents the amount of dividends proposed or declared for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023
and 2022, respectively.

Cash dividends declared (in € )
Cash dividends declared per common share (in € )

2024
(proposed)

2023

2022

1,312,959,884
0.68

882,615,288
0.45

609,934,751
0.30

No dividends have been declared since the balance sheet date.

491

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

33 – Employee Benefits
Share-Based Compensation Plans
The Group made grants of share-based compensation under the Deutsche Bank Equity Plan. This plan represents a
contingent right to receive Deutsche Bank common shares after a specified period of time. The award recipient is not
entitled to receive dividends during the vesting period of the award.
The share awards granted under the terms and conditions of the Deutsche Bank Equity Plan may be forfeited fully or partly
if the recipient voluntarily terminates employment before the end of the relevant vesting period (or release period for
Upfront Awards). Vesting usually continues after termination of employment in cases such as redundancy or retirement.
Deferred share awards are subject to forfeiture provisions and performance conditions until release.
In countries where legal or other restrictions hinder the delivery of shares, a cash plan variant of the Deutsche Bank Equity
Plan was used for granting awards, and for employees of certain legal entities, deferred equity is replaced with restricted
shares due to local regulatory requirements.
Please note that this table does not cover awards granted to the Management Board. For awards granted under the DWS
Equity Plan, please refer to the DWS Share-Based Compensation Plans section.

492

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

The following table sets forth the basic terms of these share plans:
Grant year(s)

Deutsche Bank Equity Plan

Vesting schedule

Eligibility

2022-20244

Annual Award

1/4: 12 months1
1/4: 24 months1
1/4: 36 months1
1/4: 48 months1
1/3: 12 months1
1/3: 24 months1
1/3: 36 months1

Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation
(CB/IB/CRU and InstVV MRTs)2
Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation (non-CB/IB/CRU)2
Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation (Senior Management)

Retention/New Hire

1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
Individual specification

Severance

Individual specification

Annual Award – Upfront
Annual Award

Vesting immediately at grant3
1/4: 12 months1
1/4: 24 months1
1/4: 36 months1

Annual Award

Annual Award

2019-20214

1/4: 48 months1

2017-20184

Annual Award

1/3: 12 months1
1/3: 24 months1
1/3: 36 months1

Annual Award

Retention/New Hire/Off-Cycle 5

1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
Individual specification

Severance

Individual specification

Annual Award – Upfront
Annual Award

Severance

Vesting immediately at grant3
1/4: 12 months1
1/4: 24 months1
1/4: 36 months1
1/4: 48 months1
Or cliff vesting after 54 months1
Individual specification

Retention/New Hire/Off-Cycle

Individual specification

Select employees to attract and
retain the best talent
Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer
severance payments
Selected employees
Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation
(CB/IB/CRU and InstVV MRTs in an Material Business
Unit)2
Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation (non-CB/IB/CRU)2
Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation (Senior Management)

Select employees to attract and
retain the best talent
Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer
severance payments
Regulated employees
Select employees as
annual performance-based
compensation
Members of Senior Leadership Cadre
Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer
severance payments
Select employees to attract and retain the best talent

For InstVV-regulated employees (and Senior Management) a further retention period of twelve months applies (six months for awards granted from 2017-2018)
2
For grant year 2019 divisions were called CIB, for grant years 2020 and 2021 CIB is split into CB/IB/CRU
3
Share delivery takes place after a further retention period of twelve months
4
Annual and Retention/New Hire awards include grants made under the Restricted Share Plan from 2018-2024
5
Off-Cycle awards granted up to 2020.
1

Furthermore, the Group offers a broad-based employee share ownership plan entitled Global Share Purchase Plan. The
Global Share Purchase Plan offers employees in specific countries the opportunity to purchase Deutsche Bank shares in
monthly installments over one year. At the end of the purchase cycle, the Group matches the acquired stock in a ratio of
one to one up to a maximum of ten free shares, provided that the employee remains at Deutsche Bank Group for another
year. In total, 10,978 staff from 20 countries enrolled in the cycle that began in November 2024.
The Group has other local share-based compensation plans, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, are material
to the consolidated financial statements.

493

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

The following table sets out the movements in share award units, including grants under the cash plan variant of the
Deutsche Bank Equity Plan.
Share units (in thousands)

Balance outstanding as of January 01
Granted
Released
Forfeited
Other movements
Balance outstanding as of December 31

2024

2023

128,627
41,167
(50,015)
(3,491)
300
116,588

127,528
50,930
(44,963)
(4,565)
(302)
128,627

The following table sets out key information regarding awards granted, released and remaining in the year.
2024

DB Equity Plan

Weighted
average fair
value per award
granted in year

Weighted
average share
price at release
in year

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual life
in years

€ 10.30

€ 12.92

1.4

2023
Weighted
average fair
value per award
granted in the
year

Weighted
average share
price at release
in year

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual life
in years

€ 9.85

€ 11.51

1.5

Share-based payment transactions resulting in a cash payment give rise to a liability, which amounted to approximately
€ 14 million and € 12 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The grant volume of outstanding share awards was approximately € 1.0 billion and € 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively. Thereof, approximately € 0.8 billion and € 0.8 billion had been recognized as compensation
expense in the reporting year or prior to that. Hence, compensation expense for deferred share-based compensation not
yet recognized amounted to approximately € 0.2 billion and € 0.3 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

DWS Share-Based Compensation Plans
The DWS Group made grants of share-based compensation under the DWS Equity Plan. This plan represents a contingent
right to receive a cash payment by referencing to the value of DWS shares during a specified time period.
In September 2018 one-off IPO related awards under the DWS Stock Appreciation Rights (SAR) Plan were granted to all
DWS employees. A limited number of DWS senior managers were granted a one-off IPO-related Performance Share Unit
under the DWS Equity Plan instead. For members of the Executive Board, one-off IPO-related awards under the DWS
Equity Plan were granted in January 2019.
The DWS Stock Appreciation Rights Plan represents a contingent right to receive a cash payment equal to any appreciation
(or gain) in the value of a set number of notional DWS shares over a fixed period of time. This award does not provide any
entitlement to receive DWS shares, voting rights or associated dividends.
The DWS Equity Plan is a phantom share plan representing a contingent right to receive a cash payment by referencing to
the value of DWS shares during a specified period of time.
The award recipient for any share-based compensation plan is not entitled to receive dividends during the vesting period
of the award.
The share awards granted under the terms and conditions of any share-based compensation plan are forfeited fully or
partly if the recipient voluntarily terminates employment before the end of the relevant vesting period (or the end of the
retention period for Upfront Awards). Vesting usually continues after termination of employment in cases such as
redundancy or retirement.

494

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

The following table sets forth the basic terms of the DWS share-based plans:
Grant year(s)

Award Type

Vesting schedule

Eligibility

2023 - 2024

Annual Awards

1/4: 12 months1
1/4: 24 months1
1/4: 36 months1
1/4: 48 months1
1/3: 12 months1
1/3: 24 months1
1/3: 36 months1
1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
Vesting immediately at
grant1
Individual specification
Individual specification

Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (InstVV MRTs)

Annual Awards

Annual Awards (Senior Management)

Annual Award - Upfront
Retention/New Hire4
Severance
2022

Annual Awards

Annual Awards

Annual Awards (Senior Management)

Retention/New Hire4
Severance
2021

Annual Awards

Annual Awards

Annual Awards (Senior Management)

2020

Retention/New Hire/Off-Cycle 4
Annual Awards

Annual Awards (Senior Management)

Severance
2019

Annual Awards (Senior Management)

Performance Share Unit Award
(one-off IPO related award granted in 2019)

1/4: 12 months1
1/4: 24 months1
1/4: 36 months1
1/4: 48 months1
1/3: 12 months1
1/3: 24 months1
1/3: 36 months1
1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
Individual specification
Individual specification
1/4: 12 months1
1/4: 24 months1
1/4: 36 months1
1/4: 48 months1
1/3: 12 months1
1/3: 24 months1
1/3: 36 months1
1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
Individual specification
1/3: 12 months1
1/3: 24 months1
1/3: 36 months1
1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
Individual specification
1/5: 12 months1
1/5: 24 months1
1/5: 36 months1
1/5: 48 months1
1/5: 60 months1
1/3: March 20221
1/3: March 20231
1/3: March 20241

Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (non-InstVV MRTs)
Members of the Executive Board

Regulated employees
Select employees to attract and retain the best talent
Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer
severance payments
Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (InstVV MRTs)
Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (non-InstVV MRTs)
Members of the Executive Board

Select employees to attract and retain the best talent
Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer
severance payments
Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (InstVV MRTs)
Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (non-InstVV MRTs)
Members of the Executive Board

Select employees to attract and retain the best talent
Select employees as annual
performance-based
compensation (non-InstVV MRTs)
Members of the Executive Board

Regulatory requirement for certain employees to defer
severance payments
Members of the Executive Board

Members of the Executive Board

495

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Grant year(s)

Award Type

Vesting schedule

Eligibility

2018

Performance Share Unit Award
(one-off IPO related award )1

1/3: March 20221
1/3: March 20231
1/3: March 20241
For non-MRTs:
1 June 20213
For MRTs:
1 March 20231,3

Select Senior Managers

SAR Award (one-off IPO related award)

all DWS employees 2

1 Depending on their individual regulatory status, a six month retention period (AIFMD/UCITS MRTs) or a twelve month retention period (InstVV, or IFD MRTs starting from

2023) applies after vesting

2 Unless the employee received Performance Share Unit Award
3 For outstanding awards, a 4-year exercise period applies following vesting/retention period
4 Off-Cycle awards to non-InstVV regulated employees only

The following table sets out the movements in share award units.
DWS Equity Plan
2024

Share units (in thousands)

Outstanding at beginning of year
Granted
Issued or Exercised
Forfeited
Expired
Other Movements
Outstanding at end of year
Of which, exercisable

DWS SAR Plan

2023

2024

2023

Number of
Awards

Number of
Awards

Number of
Awards

Weightedaverage
exercise price

Number of
Awards

Weightedaverage
exercise price

2,377
938
(1,342)
(41)
0
86
2,017
0

2,329
1,213
(1,101)
(86)
0
22
2,377
0

735
35
(369)
0
(18)
(16)
367
367

€ 24.65
€ 22.33
€ 24.35
€ 23.40
€ 22.33
€ 22.33
€ 22.33

887
0
(122)
(10)
(18)
(1)
735
695

€ 24.65
€ 24.65
€ 24.65
€ 24.65
€ 24.65
€ 24.65
€ 24.65

The following table sets out key information regarding awards granted, released and remaining in the year.
2024

DWS Equity Plan
DWS SAR Plan

Weighted
average fair
value per award
granted in year

Weighted
average share
price at release/
exercise in year

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual life
in years

€ 31.59
€ 13.40

€ 35.79
€ 38.78

1.4
0.8

2023
Weighted
average fair
value per award
granted in the
year

Weighted
average share
price at release/
exercise in year

Weighted
average
remaining
contractual life
in years

€ 25.40
n/a

€ 31.33
€ 31.64

1.4
1.9

The fair value of outstanding share-based awards was approximately € 74 million and € 72 million as of December 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively. Of the awards, approximately € 63 million and € 62 million has been recognized in the income
statement up to the period ending 2024 and 2023 respectively, of which € 40 million and € 42 million as of December 31,
2024 and 2023 relate to fully vested awards. Total unrecognized expense related to share-based plans was approximately
€ 12 million and € 9 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, dependent on future share price
development.
The fair value of the DWS Stock Appreciation Rights Plan awards have been measured using the generalized Black-Scholes
model. The liabilities incurred are re-measured at the end of each reporting period until settlement. The principal inputs
being the market value on reporting date, discounted for any dividends foregone over the holding periods of the award,
and adjustment for expected and actual levels of vesting which includes estimating the number of eligible employees
leaving the Group and number of employees eligible for early retirement. The inputs used in the measurement of the fair
values at grant date and measurement date were as follows.

Units (in thousands)
Fair value
Share price
Exercise price
Expected volatility (weighted-average)
Expected life (weighted-average) in years
Expected dividends (% of income)

Measurement
date
Dec 31, 2024

Measurement
date
Dec 31, 2023

367
€ 17.72
€ 39.80
€ 22.33
33%
0.8
65%

735
€ 10.81
€ 34.80
€ 24.65
32%
1.9
88%

Given there is no liquid market for implied volatility of DWS shares, the calculation of DWS share price volatility is based
on 5-year historical data for DWS and a comparable peer group.

496

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Post-employment Benefit Plans
Nature of Plans
The Group sponsors a number of post-employment benefit plans on behalf of its employees, both defined contribution
plans and defined benefit plans. The Group’s plans are accounted for based on the nature and substance of the plan.
Generally, for defined benefit plans the value of a participant’s accrued benefit is based on each employee’s remuneration
and length of service; contributions to defined contribution plans are typically based on a percentage of each employee’s
remuneration. The rest of this note focuses predominantly on the Group’s defined benefit plans.
The Group’s defined benefit plans are primarily described on a geographical basis, reflecting differences in the nature and
risks of benefits, as well as in the respective regulatory environments. In particular, the requirements set by local regulators
can vary significantly and determine the design and financing of the benefit plans to a certain extent. Key information is
also shown based on participant status, which provides a broad indication of the maturity of the Group’s obligations.
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

Defined benefit obligation related to
Active plan participants
Participants in deferred status
Participants in payment status
Total defined benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets
Funding ratio (in %)

3,084
1,805
5,075
9,964
10,237
103%

272
1,321
1,210
2,803
3,678
131%

229
526
461
1,216
1,050
86%1

715
84
229
1,028
1,141
111%

4,300
3,736
6,975
15,011
16,106
107%

1

US Total defined benefit obligation is inclusive of the unfunded U.S. Medicare Plan (€ 120 million) in addition to defined benefit pension plans. The U.S. defined benefit
pension funding ratio excluding Medicare is 96%
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

Defined benefit obligation related to
Active plan participants
Participants in deferred status
Participants in payment status
Total defined benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets
Funding ratio (in %)

3,301
1,926
5,277
10,504
10,532
100%

300
1,450
1,276
3,026
3,912
129%

215
509
448
1,172
1,003
86%1

661
87
231
979
1,071
109%

4,477
3,972
7,232
15,681
16,518
105%

1

US Total defined benefit obligation is inclusive of the unfunded U.S. Medicare Plan (€ 119 million) in addition to defined benefit pension plans. The U.S. defined benefit
pension funding ratio excluding Medicare is 95%

The majority of the Group’s defined benefit plan obligations relate to Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Within the other countries, the largest obligation relates to Switzerland. In Germany and some continental European
countries, post-employment benefits are usually agreed on a collective basis with respective employee workers councils,
unions or their equivalent. The Group’s main pension plans are governed by boards of trustees, fiduciaries or their
equivalent.
Post-employment benefits can form an important part of an employee’s total remuneration. The Group’s approach is that
their design shall be attractive to employees in the respective market, but sustainable for the Group to provide over the
longer term. At the same time, the Group tries to limit its risks related to provision of such benefits. Consequently, the
Group has moved to offer defined contribution plans in many locations over recent years.
In the past the Group typically offered pension plans based on final pay prior to retirement. These types of benefits still
form a significant part of the pension obligations for participants in deferred and payment status. Currently, in Germany
and the United States, the main defined benefit pension plans for active staff are cash account type plans where the Group
credits an annual amount to individual accounts based on an employee’s current compensation. Dependent on the plan
rules, the accounts increase either at a fixed interest rate or participate in market movements of certain underlying
investments to limit the investment risk for the Group. Sometimes, in particular in Germany, there is a guaranteed benefit
amount within the plan rules, e.g. payment of at least the amounts contributed. Upon retirement, beneficiaries may usually
opt for a lump sum, a fixed number of annual instalments or for conversion of the accumulated account balance into a life
annuity. This conversion is often based on market conditions and mortality assumptions at retirement.

497

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

The Group also sponsors retirement and termination indemnity plans in several countries, as well as some postemployment medical plans for a number of current and retired employees, mainly in the United States. The postemployment medical plans typically pay fixed percentages of medical expenses of eligible retirees after a set deductible
has been met. In the United States, once a retiree is eligible for Medicare, the Group contributes to a Health Reimbursement
Account and the retiree is no longer eligible for the Group’s medical program. The Group’s total defined benefit obligation
for post-employment medical plans was € 142 million and € 145 million on December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively. In combination with the benefit structure, these plans represent limited risk for the Group, given the nature
and size of the post-retirement medical plan liabilities versus the size of the Group’s balance sheet at year end 2024.
The following amounts of expected benefit payments from the Group’s defined benefit plans include benefits attributable
to employees’ past and estimated future service and include both amounts paid from the Group’s external pension trusts
and paid directly by the Group in respect of unfunded plans.
in € m.

Actual benefit payments 2024
Benefits expected to be paid 2025
Benefits expected to be paid 2026
Benefits expected to be paid 2027
Benefits expected to be paid 2028
Benefits expected to be paid 2029
Benefits expected to be paid 2030 – 2034
Weighted average duration of defined benefit
obligation (in years)

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

539
565
568
587
600
615
3,211

113
128
135
146
156
168
911

85
89
92
91
96
95
460

62
76
67
70
73
72
377

799
858
862
894
925
950
4,959

11

15

9

9

11

Multi-employer Plans
In Germany, the Group is a member of the BVV Versicherungsverein des Bankgewerbes a.G. (BVV) together with other
financial institutions. The BVV offers retirement benefits to eligible employees in Germany as a complement to postemployment benefit promises of the Group. Both employers and employees contribute on a regular basis to the BVV. The
BVV provides annuities of a fixed amount to individuals on retirement and increases these fixed amounts if surplus assets
arise within the plan. According to legislation in Germany, the employer is ultimately liable for providing the benefits to its
employees. An increase in benefits may also arise due to additional obligations to retirees for the effects of inflation. BVV
is a multi-employer defined benefit plan. However, in line with industry practice, the Group accounts for it as a defined
contribution plan since insufficient information is available to identify assets and liabilities relating to the Group’s current
and former employees, primarily because the BVV does not fully allocate plan assets to beneficiaries nor to member
companies.

Governance and Risk
The Group maintains a Pensions Committee to oversee its pension and related risks on a global basis. This Committee
meets at least quarterly and reports directly to the Senior Executive Compensation Committee.
Within this context, the Group develops and maintains guidelines for governance and risk management, including funding,
asset allocation and actuarial assumption setting.
During and after acquisitions or changes in the external environment (e.g., legislation, taxation), topics such as the general
plan design or potential plan amendments are considered. Any plan changes follow a process requiring approval by Group
Human Resources and, above a certain threshold, also of the Pensions Committee.
Pension risk management is embedded in the Group’s risk management organization, with strong focus on market risks
given importance of capital market developments (e.g., interest rate, credit spread, price inflation) for the value of plan
assets and liabilities, hence IFRS and regulatory capital. Risk management thereby encompasses regular measurement,
monitoring and reporting of risks via specific metrics, as well as a risk control framework, e.g. via the establishment of risk
limits or thresholds as applicable. Risk management activities also include the consideration, review and measurement of
other financial risks, e.g. risks from demographic and other actuarial assumptions (e.g., longevity risk) but also the
assessment of model, valuation and other non-financial risks.

498

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

In the Group’s key pension countries, the Group’s largest post-employment benefit plan risk exposures relate to potential
changes in credit spreads, interest rates, price inflation and longevity, that are partially mitigated through the investment
strategy adopted. To the extent that pension plans are funded, the assets held mitigate some of the liability risks, but
introduce investment risk.
Overall, the Group seeks to minimize the impact of pensions on the Group’s financial position from market movements,
subject to balancing the trade-offs involved in financing post-employment benefits, regulatory capital and constraints
from local funding or accounting requirements.

Funding
The Group maintains various external pension trusts to fund the majority of its defined benefit plan obligations. The Group’s
funding principle is to maintain funding of the defined benefit obligation by plan assets within a range of 90% to 100% of
the obligation, subject to meeting any local statutory requirements. The Group has also determined that certain plans
should remain unfunded, although their funding approach is subject to periodic review, e.g. when local regulations or
practices change. Obligations for the Group’s unfunded plans are accrued on the balance sheet.
For many of the externally funded defined benefit plans there are local minimum funding requirements. The Group can
decide on any additional plan contributions, with reference to the Group’s funding principle. There are some locations, e.g.
the United Kingdom, where the trustees and the Group jointly agree contribution levels. In most countries the Group
expects to receive an economic benefit from any plan surpluses of plan assets compared to defined benefit obligations,
typically by way of reduced future contributions. Given the relatively high funding level and the investment strategy
adopted in the Group’s key funded defined benefit plans, any minimum funding requirements that may apply are not
expected to place the Group under any material adverse cash strain in the short term. With reference to the Group’s
funding principle, the Group considers not re-claiming benefits paid from the Group’s assets as an equivalent to making
cash contributions into the external pension trusts during the year.
In order to limit the extent to which the Group breached the upper end of its target funding ratio within Germany, the
Group has claimed around € 520 million and € 490 million from the trust in 2024 and 2023, respectively, from the plan
assets which represents the benefits paid from the Bank’s assets on behalf of the trust.
For post-retirement medical plans, the Group accrues for obligations over the period of employment and pays the benefits
from Group assets when the benefits become due.

499

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Actuarial Methodology and Assumptions
December 31 is the measurement date for all plans. All plans are valued by independent qualified actuaries using the
projected unit credit method. A Group policy provides guidance to ensure consistency globally on setting actuarial
assumptions which are finally determined by the Group’s Pensions Committee. Senior management of the Group is
regularly informed of movements and changes in key actuarial assumptions.
The key actuarial assumptions applied in determining the defined benefit obligations on December 31 are presented below
in the form of weighted averages.
Dec 31, 2024

Discount rate (in %)
Rate of price inflation (in %)
Rate of nominal increase in
future compensation levels (in %)
Rate of nominal increase for
pensions in payment (in %)
Assumed life expectancy
at age 65
For a male aged 65
at measurement date
For a female aged 65
at measurement date
For a male aged 45
at measurement date
For a female aged 45
at measurement date

UK

U.S.1

Other

Germany

UK

U.S.1

Other

3.52%
2.06%

5.48%
3.46%

5.51%
2.20%

3.20%
1.60%

3.33%
2.30%

4.50%
3.42%

5.01%
2.20%

3.33%
1.84%

2.25%

3.46%

2.30%

2.96%

2.48%

3.42%

2.30%

2.83%

2.06%

3.18%

2.20%

0.59%

2.77%

3.15%

2.20%

0.69%

21.5

23.2

22.1

22.0

21.4

23.2

22.0

22.0

23.7

25.1

23.5

24.1

23.6

25.0

23.5

24.1

22.8

24.4

23.5

23.6

22.7

24.4

23.4

23.5

24.8

26.4

24.9

25.6

24.7

26.3

24.8

25.6

Modified
Richttafeln
Heubeck
2018G

SAPS (S3)
Light/
Very Light
with CMI
2023
projections

Modified
Richttafeln
Heubeck
2018G

SAPS (S3)
Light\
Very Light
with CMI
2022
projections

PRI-2012
with
MP-2021
projection

Country
specific
tables

Mortality tables applied

1

Dec 31, 2023

Germany

PRI-2012
with
MP-2021
projection

Country
specific
tables

Cash balance interest crediting rate in line with the 30-year U.S. government bond yield

For the Group’s most significant pension plans in the key countries, the discount rate used at each measurement date is
set based on a high quality corporate bond yield curve, which is derived using a bond universe sourced from reputable
third-party market data providers, and reflects the timing, amount and currency of the future expected benefit payments
for the respective plan.
In 2023, a refinement was made to the Eurozone discount curve methodology in order to better align to long term market
data resulting in a benefit recognized in Other Comprehensive Income of € 70 million.
The price inflation assumptions in the Eurozone and the United Kingdom are set with reference to market measures of
inflation based on inflation swap rates in those markets at each measurement date. For other countries, the price inflation
assumptions are typically based on long term forecasts by Consensus Economics Inc.
The assumptions for the increases in future compensation levels and for increases to pensions in payment are developed
separately for each plan, where relevant. Each is set based on the price inflation assumption and reflecting the Group’s
reward structure or policies in each market, as well as relevant local statutory and plan-specific requirements. In 2024, the
Group introduced a refinement to the methodology for estimating increases to pensions in payment for its main German
pension plan to better reflect the effects of recent short-term inflation, which resulted in a benefit recognized in Other
Comprehensive Income of € 100 million.
Among other assumptions, mortality assumptions can be significant in measuring the Group’s obligations under its defined
benefit plans. These assumptions have been set in accordance with current best estimate in the respective countries.
Future potential improvements in longevity have been considered and included where appropriate.

500

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Reconciliation in Movement of Liabilities and Assets – Impact on Financial Statements
2024
in € m.

Change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation:
Balance, beginning of year
Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit & Loss
Current service cost
Interest cost
Past service cost and gain or loss arising from settlements
Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive
Income
Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions
Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions
Actuarial gain or loss arising from experience
Cash flow and other changes
Contributions by plan participants
Benefits paid
Payments in respect to settlements
Acquisitions/Divestitures
Exchange rate changes
Other
Balance, end of year
thereof:
Unfunded
Funded
Change in fair value of plan assets:
Balance, beginning of year
Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit & Loss
Interest income
Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive
Income
Return from plan assets less interest income
Cash flow and other changes
Contributions by plan participants
Contributions by the employer
Benefits paid1
Payments in respect to settlements
Acquisitions/Divestitures
Exchange rate changes
Other
Plan administration costs
Balance, end of year
Funded status, end of year

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

10,504

3,026

1,172

979

15,681

119
343
14

8
137
1

7
58
0

37
32
0

171
570
15

(549)

(398)

(13)

13

(947)

0

10

0

3

13

71

(12)

(1)

11

69

1
(539)
0
0
0
0
9,964

0
(113)
0
0
142
2
2,803

0
(85)
0
0
78
0
1,216

16
(62)
0
0
(1)
0
1,028

17
(799)
0
0
219
2
15,011

0
9,964

10
2,793

139
1,077

68
960

217
14,794

10,532

3,912

1,003

1,071

16,518

350

177

50

34

611

(148)

(479)

4

34

(589)

1
41
(539)
0
0
0
0
0
10,237
273

0
0
(112)
0
0
185
0
(5)
3,678
875

0
0
(71)
0
0
67
0
(3)
1,050
(166)

16
36
(54)
0
0
4
1
(1)
1,141
113

17
77
(776)
0
0
256
1
(9)
16,106
1,095

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

(102)
(1)
(9)
1
(111)

(102)
(1)
(9)
1
(111)

273

875

(166)

2

9842

0

0

0

3

3

Change in irrecoverable surplus (asset ceiling)
Balance, beginning of year
Interest cost
Changes in irrecoverable surplus
Exchange rate changes
Balance, end of year
Net asset (liability) recognized
Fair value of reimbursement rights
For funded plans only
2
Thereof € 1,301 million recognized in Other assets and € 317 million in Other liabilities
1

501

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

2023
in € m.

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

10,037

2,876

1,202

884

14,999

115
373

9
137

7
61

33
35

164
606

8

2

0

(1)

9

387

55

39

36

517

36
45

(59)
55

0
(7)

(1)
9

(24)
102

1
(498)
0
0
0
0
10,504

0
(109)
0
0
60
0
3,026

0
(89)
0
0
(41)
0
1,172

16
(50)
0
0
18
0
979

17
(746)
0
0
37
0
15,681

0
10,504

9
3,017

138
1,034

72
907

219
15,462

10,351

3,768

996

962

16,077

387

180

50

37

654

247

(5)

28

28

298

1
44
(498)
0
0
0
0
0
10,532
28

0
0
(108)
0
0
83
0
(6)
3,912
886

0
40
(74)
0
0
(35)
0
(2)
1,003
(169)

16
41
(41)
0
0
29
0
(1)
1,071
92

17
125
(721)
0
0
77
0
(9)
16,518
837

Change in irrecoverable surplus (asset ceiling)
Balance, beginning of year
Interest cost
Changes in irrecoverable surplus
Exchange rate changes
Balance, end of year

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

(107)
(2)
13
(6)
(102)

(107)
(2)
13
(6)
(102)

Net asset (liability) recognized

28

886

(169)

(10)

7352

Fair value of reimbursement rights

0

0

0

3

3

Change in the present value of the defined benefit
obligation:
Balance, beginning of year
Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit & Loss
Current service cost
Interest cost
Past service cost and gain or loss arising from
settlements
Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive
Income
Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions
Actuarial gain or loss arising from changes in
demographic
assumptions
Actuarial gain or loss arising from experience
Cash flow and other changes
Contributions by plan participants
Benefits paid
Payments in respect to settlements
Acquisitions/Divestitures
Exchange rate changes
Other
Balance, end of year
thereof:
Unfunded
Funded
Change in fair value of plan assets:
Balance, beginning of year
Defined benefit cost recognized in Profit & Loss
Interest income
Defined benefit cost recognized in Other Comprehensive
Income
Return from plan assets less interest income
Cash flow and other changes
Contributions by plan participants
Contributions by the employer
Benefits paid1
Payments in respect to settlements
Acquisitions/Divestitures
Exchange rate changes
Other
Plan administration costs
Balance, end of year
Funded status, end of year

For funded plans only
2
Thereof € 1,087 million recognized in Other assets and € 353 million in Other liabilities
1

502

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Investment Strategy
The Group’s investment objective is to protect the Group from adverse impacts of its defined benefit pension plans on key
financial metrics. The primary focus is to protect the plans’ IFRS funded status in the case of adverse market scenarios.
Investment managers manage pension assets in line with investment mandates or guidelines as agreed with the pension
plans’ trustees and investment committees.
For key defined benefit plans for which the Group aims to protect the IFRS funded status, the Group applies a liability
driven investment approach. Risks from mismatches between fluctuations in the present value of the defined benefit
obligations and plan assets due to capital market movements are minimized, subject to balancing relevant trade-offs. This
is achieved by allocating plan assets closely to the market risk factor exposures of the pension liability to interest rates,
credit spreads and inflation. Thereby, plan assets broadly reflect the underlying risk profile and currency of the pension
obligations.
Where the desired hedging level for market risks cannot be achieved with physical instruments (i.e., corporate and
government bonds), derivatives are employed. Derivative overlays mainly include interest rate, inflation swaps and credit
default swaps. Other instruments are also used, such as interest rate futures and options. In practice, a completely hedged
approach is impractical, for instance because of insufficient market depth for ultra-long-term corporate bonds, as well as
liquidity and cost considerations. Therefore, plan assets contain further return-seeking asset categories such as equity,
real estate, high yield bonds or emerging markets bonds to create long-term value and achieve diversification benefits.
Furthermore, this shift in the investment strategy allows for actively taken market risk exposures from interest rates and
credit spreads within defined limits governed by the Pensions Committee. As a result, the market risk from plan assets has
been reduced.
In 2024, the Group entered into a buy-in transaction with a third party insurer to de-risk € 1.1 billion of exposure to the UK
defined benefit pension schemes funded from existing assets, with no additional employer contribution required. The
recognition of the insurance policy as a qualifying plan asset negatively impacted Other Comprehensive Income in the
Group’s financial statement by approximately € 120 million. A similar buy-in transaction to de-risk € 515 million of
exposure occurred in 2023 which negatively impacted Other Comprehensive Income in the Group’s financial statement by
approximately € 33 million. In total, the Group has entered into five buy-in transactions in the UK with third-party insurers
protecting the Group from movements in defined benefit obligations of around € 2.8 billion as at 31 December, 2024.

503

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Plan asset allocation to key asset classes
The following table shows the asset allocation of the Group’s funded defined benefit plans to key asset classes, i.e.
exposures include physical securities in discretely managed portfolios and underlying asset allocations of any commingled
funds used to invest plan assets.
Asset amounts in the following table include both “quoted” (i.e., Level 1 assets in accordance with IFRS 13 – amounts
invested in markets where the fair value can be determined directly from prices which are quoted in active, liquid markets)
and “other” (i.e., Level 2 and 3 assets in accordance with IFRS 13) assets.
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity instruments1
Investment-grade bonds2
Government
Non-government bonds
Non-investment-grade bonds
Government
Non-government bonds
Securitized and other Debt
Investments
Insurance
Alternatives
Real estate
Commodities
Private equity
Other3
Derivatives (Market Value)
Interest rate
Credit
Inflation
Foreign exchange
Other
Total fair value of plan assets

Dec 31, 2023

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

305
1,060

163
0

3
111

66
256

537
1,427

179
1,213

92
0

53
109

71
215

395
1,537

1,814
4,090

77
531

277
474

214
358

2,382
5,453

1,882
4,081

919
915

366
369

189
347

3,356
5,712

86
380

0
17

4
19

4
25

94
441

103
325

1
73

1
16

4
21

109
435

37

21

85

16

159

47

99

78

10

234

0

2,756

0

16

2,772

0

1,807

0

15

1,822

719
54
0
989

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

99
2
4
60

818
56
4
1,049

727
39
0
1,022

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

97
4
3
60

824
43
3
1,082

730
(18)
0
(17)
8
10,237

113
0
0
0
0
3,678

(49)
57
0
0
69
1,050

13
0
14
(6)
0
1,141

807
39
14
(23)
77
16,106

909
(18)
0
21
2
10,532

171
(1)
(5)
0
(159)
3,912

(3)
16
0
0
(2)
1,003

17
0
13
5
0
1,071

1,094
(3)
8
26
(159)
16,518

Allocation of equity exposure is broadly in line with the typical index in the respective market, e.g. the equity portfolio’s benchmark of the UK retirement benefit plans is
the MSCI All Countries World Index
Investment-grade means BBB and above. Average credit rating exposure for the Group’s main plans is around A
3
This position contains commingled funds which could not be segregated into the other asset categories
1

2

The following table sets out the Group’s funded defined benefit plan assets only invested in “quoted” assets, i.e. Level 1
assets in accordance with IFRS 13.
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity instruments1
Investment-grade bonds2
Government
Non-government bonds
Non-investment-grade bonds
Government
Non-government bonds
Securitized and other Debt
Investments
Insurance
Alternatives
Real estate
Commodities
Private equity
Other
Derivatives (Market Value)
Interest rate
Credit
Inflation
Foreign exchange
Other
Total fair value of quoted
plan assets

Dec 31, 2023

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Total

(118)
757

(56)
0

3
110

12
45

(159)
912

29
933

92
0

50
109

19
39

190
1,081

599
0

77
0

256
0

52
0

984
0

601
0

919
0

360
0

41
0

1,921
0

2
0

0
0

1
0

0
0

3
0

1
0

1
0

0
0

0
0

2
0

0

0

0

0

0

0

98

0

0

98

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
8

0
0
0
0
0

(57)
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

(57)
0
0
0
8

0
0
0
0
2

0
0
0
0
0

(16)
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

(16)
0
0
0
2

1,248

21

313

109

1,691

1,566

1,110

503

99

3,278

Allocation of equity exposure is broadly in line with the typical index in the respective market, e.g. the equity portfolio’s benchmark of the UK retirement benefit plans is
the MSCI All Countries World Index
2
Investment-grade means BBB and above. Average credit rating exposure for the Group’s main plans is around A
1

504

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

The following tables show the asset allocation of the “quoted” and “other” defined benefit plan assets by key geography
in which they are invested.
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity instruments
Government bonds
(investment-grade and above)
Government bonds
(non-investment-grade)
Non-government bonds
(investment-grade and above)
Non-government bonds
(non-investment-grade)
Securitized and other Debt
Investments
Subtotal
Share (in %)
Other asset categories
Fair value of plan assets

Germany

United
Kingdom

United
States

Other
Eurozone

Other
developed
countries

(20)
29

172
30

30
818

311
345

20
150

24
55

537
1,427

376

77

300

980

207

442

2,382

2

0

1

0

0

91

94

500

632

1,843

2,021

392

65

5,453

26

27

22

359

3

4

441

23
936
9%

21
959
9%

83
3,097
30%

15
4,031
38%

17
789
8%

0
681
6%

159
10,493
100%
5,613
16,106

Emerging
markets

Total

Emerging
markets

Total

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity instruments
Government bonds
(investment-grade and above)
Government bonds
(non-investment-grade)
Non-government bonds
(investment-grade and above)
Non-government bonds
(non-investment-grade)
Securitized and other Debt
Investments
Subtotal
Share (in %)
Other asset categories
Fair value of plan assets

Germany

United
Kingdom

United
States

Other
Eurozone

Other
developed
countries

(20)
21

98
52

67
921

195
325

29
179

26
40

395
1,538

420

919

419

910

191

497

3,356

0

1

0

2

0

106

109

503

693

1,909

2,099

449

60

5,713

5

67

29

330

3

1

435

32
961
8%

98
1,928
16%

77
3,422
29%

14
3,875
33%

10
861
7%

1
731
6%

232
11,778
100%
4,740
16,518

Plan assets include derivative transactions with Group entities with an overall positive market value of around € 810 million
at December 31, 2024 and € 930 million December 31, 2023, respectively. There is neither a material amount of securities
issued by the Group nor other claims on Group assets included in the fair value of plan assets. The plan assets do not
include any real estate which is used by the Group.

505

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Key Risk Sensitivities
The Group’s defined benefit obligations are sensitive to changes in capital market conditions and actuarial assumptions.
Sensitivities to capital market movements and key assumption changes are presented in the following table. Each market
risk factor or assumption is changed in isolation. Sensitivities of the defined benefit obligations are approximated using
geometric extrapolation methods based on plan durations for the respective assumption. Duration is a risk measure that
indicates the broad sensitivity of the obligations to a change in an underlying assumption and provides a reasonable
approximation for small to moderate changes in those assumptions.
For example, the interest rate duration is derived from the change in the defined benefit obligation to a change in the
interest rate based on information provided by the local actuaries of the respective plans. The resulting duration is used to
estimate the remeasurement liability loss or gain from changes in the interest rate. For other assumptions, a similar
approach is used to derive the respective sensitivity results.
For defined benefit pension plans, changes in capital market conditions will impact the plan obligations via actuarial
assumptions (e.g. via the discount rate and price inflation rate) as well as the plan assets’ fair value. Where the Group
applies a liability driven investment approach or has insured part of the obligations as in the UK, the Group’s overall risk
exposure to such changes is reduced. To help readers gain a better understanding of the Group’s risk exposures to key
capital market movements, the net impact of the change in the defined benefit obligations and plan assets due to a change
of the related market risk factor or underlying actuarial assumption is shown. Where changes in actuarial assumptions do
not affect plan assets, only the impact on the defined benefit obligations is reported.
Asset-related sensitivities are derived for the Group’s major plans by using risk sensitivity factors determined by the Group’s
Market Risk Management function. These sensitivities are calculated based on information provided by the plans’
investment managers and extrapolated linearly to reflect the approximate change of the plan assets’ market value in case
of a change in the underlying risk factor.
The sensitivities illustrate plausible variations over time in capital market movements and key actuarial assumptions. The
Group is not in a position to provide a view on the likelihood of these capital market or assumption changes. While these
sensitivities illustrate the overall impact on the funded status of the changes shown, the significance of the impact and
the range of reasonable possible alternative assumptions may differ between the different plans that comprise the
aggregated results. Even though plan assets and plan obligations are sensitive to similar risk factors, actual changes in plan
assets and obligations may not fully offset each other due to imperfect correlations between market risk factors and
actuarial assumptions. Caution should be used when extrapolating these sensitivities due to non-linear effects that
changes in capital market conditions and key actuarial assumptions may have on the overall funded status. Any
management actions that may be taken to mitigate the inherent risks in the post-employment defined benefit plans are
not reflected in these sensitivities.

506

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Dec 31, 2023

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

Germany

UK

U.S.

Other

(525)
465

(210)
225

(25)
20

(45)
15

(575)
355

(230)
150

(25)
20

(40)
15

(60)

15

(5)

(30)

(220)

(80)

(5)

(25)

500
(465)

195
(205)

25
(20)

40
(15)

545
(355)

215
(150)

25
(20)

40
(15)

35

(10)

5

25

190

65

5

25

(525)
305

(210)
220

(55)
35

(50)
10

(575)
320

(230)
65

(50)
15

(45)
10

(220)

10

(20)

(40)

(255)

(165)

(35)

(35)

500
(305)

195
(200)

50
(35)

45
(10)

545
(320)

215
(65)

50
(15)

45
(10)

195

(5)

15

35

225

150

35

35

165
(260)

150
(150)

5
0

10
(5)

300
(275)

150
(95)

10
0

10
(5)

(95)

0

5

5

25

55

10

5

(280)
260

(160)
160

(5)
0

(10)
5

(310)
275

(160)
95

(5)
0

(10)
5

(20)

0

(5)

(5)

(35)

(65)

(5)

(5)

Rate of real increase in future compensation
levels (–50 bp):
Decrease in DBO, net impact on funded status

25

5

0

10

30

5

0

10

Rate of real increase in future compensation
levels (+50 bp):
(Increase) in DBO, net impact on funded status

(25)

(5)

0

(10)

(30)

(5)

0

(10)

(205)
0

(60)
55

(20)
0

(10)
0

(225)
0

(60)
40

(20)
0

(10)
0

(205)

(5)

(20)

(10)

(225)

(20)

(20)

(10)

Interest rate (–50 bp):
(Increase) in DBO
Expected increase in plan assets1
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase
Interest rate (+50 bp):
Decrease in DBO
Expected (decrease) in plan assets1
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase
Credit spread (–50 bp):
(Increase) in DBO
Expected increase in plan assets1
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase
Credit spread (+50 bp):
Decrease in DBO
Expected (decrease) in plan assets1
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase
Rate of price inflation (–50 bp):2
Decrease in DBO
Expected (decrease) in plan assets1
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase
Rate of price inflation (+50 bp):2
(Increase) in DBO
Expected increase in plan assets1
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase

Longevity improvements by 10%:3
(Increase) in DBO
Expected increase in plan assets
Expected net impact on funded status (de-)
increase

Expected changes in the fair value of plan assets contain the simulated impact from the biggest plans in Germany, the UK, the U.S., Channel Islands, Switzerland and
Belgium which cover over 99% of the total fair value of plan assets. The fair value of plan assets for other plans is assumed to be unchanged for this presentation
2
Incorporates sensitivity to changes in pension benefits to the extent linked to the price inflation assumption
3
Estimated to be equivalent to an increase of around 1 year in overall life expectancy
1

507

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
33 – Employee Benefits

Expected cash flows
The following table shows expected cash flows for post-employment benefits in 2025, including contributions to the
Group’s external pension trusts in respect of funded plans, direct payment to beneficiaries in respect of unfunded plans,
as well as contributions to defined contribution plans.
2025
in € m.

Total

Expected contributions to
Defined benefit plan assets
BVV
Other defined contribution plans
Expected benefit payments for unfunded defined benefit plans
Expected total cash flow related to post-employment benefits

85
60
280
30
455

Expense of employee benefits
The following table presents a breakdown of specific expenses according to the requirements of IAS 19 and IFRS 2.
in € m.

Expenses for defined benefit plans:
Service cost1
Net interest cost (income)
Total expenses defined benefit plans
Expenses for defined contribution plans:
BVV
Other defined contribution plans
Total expenses for defined contribution plans
Total expenses for post-employment benefit plans
Employer contributions to state-mandated pension plans
Pensions related payments social security in Germany
Contributions to pension fund for Postbank´s postal civil servants
Further pension related state-mandated benefit plans
Total employer contributions to state-mandated benefit plans
Expenses for share-based payments:
Expenses for share-based payments, equity settled2
Expenses for share-based payments, cash settled2
Expenses for cash retention plans2
Expenses for severance payments3

2024

2023

2022

171
(40)
131

164
(45)
119

229
(10)
219

61
282
343
474

55
265
320
439

57
258
315
534

232
51
258
542

218
57
248
523

214
58
216
488

426
64
471
487

436
43
448
293

405
29
418
82

Severance related items under Service Costs are reclassified to Expenses for Severance payments
Including expenses for new hire awards and the acceleration of expenses not yet amortized due to the discontinuation of employment including those amounts which are
recognized as part of the Group’s restructuring expenses
3 Excluding the acceleration of expenses for deferred compensation awards not yet amortized. Severance related items under Service Costs were reclassified to Expense
for Severance payments
1
2

508

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
34 – Income Taxes

34 – Income Taxes
Income tax expense (benefit)
in € m.

Current tax expense (benefit):
Tax expense (benefit) for current year
Adjustments for prior years
Total current tax expense (benefit)
Deferred tax expense (benefit):
Origination and reversal of temporary differences, unused tax losses and tax credits
Effect of changes in tax law and/or tax rate
Adjustments for prior years
Total deferred tax expense (benefit)
Total income tax expense (benefit)

2024

2023

2022

1,330
(16)
1,314

1,284
56
1,340

919
(132)
787

463
23
(13)
473
1,786

442
7
(1,002)
(553)
787

424
(20)
(1,256)
(852)
(64)

Total deferred tax expense (benefit) includes benefits from previously unrecognized tax losses (tax credits/deductible
temporary differences) and the reversal of previous write-downs and expenses arising from write-downs of deferred tax
assets. The deferred tax expense (benefit) was positively impacted by € 16 million in 2024, by € 1.1 billion in 2023 and by
€ 1.4 billion in 2022.
The Global Minimum Taxation Rules or Pillar 2 rules became applicable to Deutsche Bank starting in 2024, with Deutsche
Bank AG as the ultimate parent. The bank is required to annually determine the global minimum tax or Pillar 2 liability for
group entities in close to 60 jurisdictions. Temporary relief from detailed Pillar 2 calculations, which is determined on a
jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, may be available under transitional safe harbor provisions. These safe harbor provisions,
which are applicable in tax years 2024-2026, are based on the bank’s country-by-country reports filed annually with the
German tax authorities and certain other financial data. Uncertainties remain regarding the application of the Pillar 2 rules,
further legislative developments and interpretative guidance in many countries are expected over time, and
implementation efforts are ongoing. The bank has estimated the potential impact on its financial position for 2024 on a
best effort basis and recognized a Pillar 2 related current tax expense of € 3 million. The assessment considered a number
of qualitative and quantitative factors applicable to 2024: (1) the bank’s blended statutory tax rate across all applicable
jurisdictions amounted to 28%, which is significantly higher than the minimum tax rate of 15%; (2) only six countries applied
a statutory tax rate of less than 15% to the bank’s operations; and (3) based on an analysis of the most recently available
country-by-country data, the bank is estimated to qualify for relief under the transitional safe harbor provisions in most of
the jurisdictions it operates in.
Difference between applying German statutory (domestic) income tax rate and actual income tax expense (benefit)
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Expected tax expense (benefit) at domestic income tax rate of 31.3% (31.3% for 2023 and
31.3% for 2022)
Foreign rate differential
Tax-exempt gains on securities and other income
Loss (income) on equity method investments
Nondeductible expenses
Impairments of goodwill
Changes in recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets1
Effect of changes in tax law and/or tax rate
Effect related to share-based payments
Other1
Actual income tax expense (benefit)

1,656
(185)
(246)
(6)
520
0
(59)
23
(1)
84
1,786

1,777
(89)
(319)
(0)
392
55
(1,238)
7
(0)
202
787

1,751
(117)
(217)
(12)
429
(0)
(1,891)
(20)
(5)
18
(64)

1

Current and deferred tax expense (benefit) relating to prior years are mainly reflected in the line items “Changes in recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets”
and “Other”.

The domestic income tax rate, including corporate tax, solidarity surcharge, and trade tax, used for calculating deferred
tax assets and liabilities was 31.3% for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Changes in recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets in 2023 mainly included the effect of the recognition of
previously unrecognized deferred tax assets in the U.K. and in 2022 mainly in the U.S. In determining the amount of
deferred tax assets, the Group uses historical tax capacity and profitability information and, if relevant, forecasted
operating results based upon approved business plans, including a review of the eligible carry-forward periods, available
tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations.

509

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
34 – Income Taxes

The Group is under continuous examinations by tax authorities in various jurisdictions. “Other” in the preceding table
includes the effects of these examinations by the tax authorities.
Income taxes credited or charged to equity (other comprehensive income/additional paid in capital)
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Actuarial gains (losses) related to defined benefit plans
Net fair value gains (losses) attributable to credit risk related to financial
liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets mandatory at fair value through other comprehensive income:
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period
Realized net gains (losses) arising during the period (reclassified to profit or loss)
Derivatives hedging variability of cash flows:
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period
Net gains (losses) reclassified to profit or loss
Other equity movement:
Unrealized net gains (losses) arising during the period
Net gains (losses) reclassified to profit or loss
Income taxes credited (charged) to other comprehensive income
Other income taxes credited (charged) to equity

(115)

137

(642)

54

18

(25)

96
13

109
1

254
(61)

73
(64)

(132)
(110)

229
(18)

141
5
203
104

151
0
174
50

192
0
(71)
25

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

3,966
172

4,747
23

5,210
1,755
1,477
846
857
52
496
525
237
6
15,599

4,723
1,828
999
949
855
80
332
485
88
6
15,115

5,328
324
538
762
752
45
270
292
39
8,350

5,061
291
617
758
717
43
272
89
40
7,888

Major components of the Group’s gross deferred tax assets and liabilities
in € m.

Deferred tax assets:
Unused tax losses
Unused tax credits
Deductible temporary differences:
Trading activities, including derivatives
Employee benefits, including equity settled share based payments
Accrued interest expense
Loans and borrowings, including allowance for loans
Leases
Intangible Assets
Fair value OCI (IFRS 9)
Other assets
Other provisions
Other liabilities
Total deferred tax assets pre offsetting
Deferred tax liabilities:
Taxable temporary differences:
Trading activities, including derivatives
Employee benefits, including equity settled share based payments
Loans and borrowings, including allowance for loans
Leases
Intangible Assets
Fair value OCI (IFRS 9)
Other assets
Other provisions
Other liabilities
Total deferred tax liabilities pre offsetting

Deferred tax assets on unused tax credits included € 151 million and € 10 million as of December 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023 related to the corporate alternative minimum tax in the U.S.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities, after offsetting
in € m.

Presented as deferred tax assets
Presented as deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

7,839
590
7,249

7,773
546
7,227

510

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
34 – Income Taxes

The change in the balance of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities might not equal the deferred tax expense
(benefit). In general, this is due to (1) deferred taxes that are booked directly to equity, (2) the effects of exchange rate
changes on tax assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than euro, (3) the acquisition and disposal of entities
as part of ordinary activities and (4) the reclassification of deferred tax assets and liabilities which are presented otherwise
on the face of the balance sheet as components of other assets and liabilities.
Items for which no deferred tax assets were recognized
in € m.

Deductible temporary differences
Not expiring
Expiring in subsequent period
Expiring after subsequent period
Unused tax losses
Expiring after subsequent period
Unused tax credits
1

Dec 31, 2024¹

Dec 31, 2023¹

(39)
(4,945)
(2)
(77)
(5,024)
0
(1)

(36)
(5,119)
(28)
(55)
(5,202)
0
(1)

Amounts in the table refer to deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and tax credits for federal income tax purposes.

Deferred tax assets were not recognized on these items because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be
available against which the unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Group recognized deferred tax assets of € 3.9 billion and
€ 6.0 billion, respectively, that exceeded deferred tax liabilities in entities which have suffered a tax loss in either the
current or preceding period. This is based on management’s assessment that it is probable that the respective entities will
have taxable profits against which the unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences can be
utilized. In determining the amounts of deferred tax assets to be recognized, management uses historical profitability
information and, if relevant, forecasted operating results, based upon approved business plans, including a review of the
eligible carry-forward periods, tax planning opportunities and other relevant considerations.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Group had temporary differences associated with the Group’s
parent company’s investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in joint ventures of € 286 million and
€ 349 million respectively, in respect of which no deferred tax liabilities were recognized.

511

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
35 – Derivatives

35 – Derivatives
Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
Derivative contracts used by the Group include swaps, futures, forwards, options and other similar types of contracts. In
the normal course of business, the Group enters into a variety of derivative transactions for sales, market-making and risk
management purposes. The Group’s objectives in using derivative instruments are to meet customers’ risk management
needs and to manage the Group’s exposure to risks.
In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy relating to derivatives and hedge accounting as described in Note 1
“Material Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates”, all derivatives are carried at fair value in the balance
sheet regardless of whether they are held for trading or non-trading purposes.

Derivatives held for sales and market-making purposes
Sales and market-making
The majority of the Group’s derivatives transactions relate to sales and market-making activities. Sales activities include
the structuring and marketing of derivative products to customers to enable them to take, transfer, modify or reduce
current or expected risks. Market-making involves quoting bid and offer prices to other market participants, enabling
revenue to be generated based on spreads and volume.

Risk management
The Group uses derivatives in order to reduce its exposure to market risks as part of its asset and liability management. This
is achieved by entering into derivatives that hedge specific portfolios of fixed rate financial instruments and forecast
transactions as well as strategic hedging against overall balance sheet exposures. The Group actively manages interest
rate risk through, among other things, the use of derivative contracts. Utilization of derivative financial instruments is
modified from time to time within prescribed limits in response to changing market conditions, as well as to changes in the
characteristics and mix of the related assets and liabilities.

Derivatives qualifying for hedge accounting
The Group applies hedge accounting if derivatives meet the specific criteria described in Note 1 “Material Accounting
Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates”.
In fair value hedge relationship, the Group uses primarily interest rate swaps and options, in order to protect itself against
movements in the fair value of fixed-rate financial instruments due to movements in market interest rates. In a cash flow
hedge relationship, the Group uses interest rate swaps in order to protect itself against exposure to variability in interest
rates. The Group enters into foreign exchange forwards and swaps for hedges of translation adjustments resulting from
translating the financial statements of net investments in foreign operations into the reporting currency of the parent at
period end spot rates.

Interest rate risk
The Group uses interest rate swaps and options to manage its exposure to interest rate risk by modifying the re-pricing
characteristics of existing and/or forecasted assets and liabilities, including funding and investment activities. The interest
rate swaps and options are designated in either a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. For fair value hedges, the Group
uses interest rate swaps and options contracts to manage the fair value movements of fixed rate financial instruments due
to changes in benchmark interest. For cash flow hedges, we use interest rate swaps to manage the exposure to cash flow
variability of our variable rate instruments as a result of changes in benchmark interest rates.

512

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
35 – Derivatives

The Group manages its interest rate risk exposure on a portfolio basis with frequent changes in the portfolio due to the
origination of new loans and bonds, repayments of existing loans and bonds, issuance of new funding liabilities and
repayment of existing funding liabilities. Accordingly, a dynamic hedging accounting approach is adopted for the portfolio,
in which individual hedge relationships are designated and de-designated on a more frequent basis (e.g. on a monthly
basis).
The Group assesses and measures hedge effectiveness of a hedging relationship based on the change in the fair value or
cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument relative to the change in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item
attributable to the hedged risk. Potential sources of ineffectiveness can be attributed to differences between hedging
instruments and hedged items:
– Mismatches in the terms of hedged items and hedging instruments, for example the frequency and timing of when
interest rates are reset, frequency of payment and callable features.
– Difference in the discounting rate applied to the hedged item and the hedging instrument, taking into consideration
differences in the reset frequency of the hedged item and hedging instrument.
– Derivatives used as hedging instrument with a non-zero fair value at inception date of the hedging relationship, resulting
in mismatch in terms with the hedged item. This is particularly pertinent in periods proceeding high interest rate moves.
The Group’s portfolio fair value hedging relationships include hedges of well-collateralized German fixed rate mortgages
portfolios where the Group maintains headroom to avoid any hedge ineffectiveness that may arise from an increase in the
default risk of the underlying mortgage portfolio. This also applies to the Group’s portfolio fair value hedge relationships
that include non-maturing deposits that the Group’s customers may withdraw on demand. The stable nature of the Group’s
deposit volume (refer to Note 26) as well as a headroom means that Group has not observed any hedge ineffectiveness
from the hedge accounting application. In the current year, the Group partly discontinued its macro cash flow program
that includes a portfolio of corporate variable yielding loans as hedged item. This discontinuation was triggered by a
rebalancing of the Group’s hedge accounting designations and the Group has not recorded any hedge ineffectiveness due
to an increase in counterparty defaults or unexpected pre-payments in the corporate loan portfolio.

Foreign exchange risk
The Group manages its foreign currency risk (including U.S. dollar and British pound) from investments in foreign operation
through net investment hedges using rolling foreign exchange forward strategy. In addition, the Group applies cash flow
hedge accounting for specific foreign denominated highly probable cash flows using foreign exchange forward
instruments as hedging instruments.
As the investments in foreign operations are only hedged to the extent of the notional amount of the hedging derivative
instrument the Group generally does not expect to incur significant ineffectiveness on hedges of net investments in foreign
operations. Potential sources of ineffectiveness are limited to situations where derivatives with a non-zero fair value at
inception date of the hedging relationship are used as hedging instrument, or where the spot foreign currency risk has
been designated as hedged risk, resulting in mismatch in terms with the hedged item. Similarly, for cash flow hedge
accounting applications the foreign exchange forward instruments generally match the terms of the underlying highly
probable transactions such that the Group does not expect to incur significant ineffectiveness in such hedge relationships.
In addition to net investment hedges, the Group also applies cash flow hedge accounting (FX CFH) for USD denominated
Treasury bonds (HTC classified) held in EUR functional entities, utilizing foreign exchange forward contracts as hedging
instruments.
The hedged risk is the cash flow variability of highly probable HTC coupons driven by movements in spot FX. The Group
does not expect to incur ineffectiveness, as the notional amount of the hedging instrument should be equivalent to the
cash flow exposure on HTC bonds. The hedge is re-balanced monthly to reflect cash flow decay on HTC bonds, and FX
forward point risk is not a component of the designated risk therefore a highly effective hedge is observed.

513

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
35 – Derivatives

Fair value hedge accounting
Derivatives held as fair value hedges
Dec 31, 2024

2024

Assets

4,172

in € m.

Assets

Liabilities

Nominal
amount

Fair Value
changes used
for hedge
effectiveness

Derivatives held as
fair value hedges

4,790

9,109

263,184

2,448

Dec 31, 2023

2023

Liabilities

Nominal
amount

Fair Value
changes used
for hedge
effectiveness

13,681

259,828

5,053

in € m.

2024

2023

Hedge
ineffectiveness

Hedge
ineffectiveness

1,435

514

Result of fair value hedges

Financial instruments designated in fair value hedges

Carrying amount of Financial
instruments designated as fair
value hedges
in € m.

Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
Bonds at amortized cost
Long-term debt
Deposits
Loans at amortized cost

Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income
Bonds at amortized cost
Long-term debt
Deposits
Loans at amortized cost

2024

Accumulated amount of
fair value hedge
adjustments - Terminated
hedge relationships

Fair Value
changes
used
for hedge
effectiveness

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

21,559
1,949
0
0
17,083

0
0
73,946
117,196
0

(1,383)
(22)
0
0
(4,976)

0
0
(3,816)
(1,251)
0

1
(18)
0
0
(1)

0
0
(101)
(350)
0

Carrying amount of Financial
instruments designated as fair
value hedges
in € m.

Accumulated amount of
fair value hedge
adjustments - Total

Dec 31, 2024

Accumulated amount of
fair value hedge
adjustments - Total

(156)
(4)
(194)
(644)
(15)

Dec 31, 2023

2023

Accumulated amount of
fair value hedge
adjustments - Terminated
hedge relationships

Fair Value
changes
used
for hedge
effectiveness

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

16,967
361
0
0
15,135

0
0
71,769
125,702
0

(1,314)
(12)
0
0
(5,649)

0
0
(3,936)
(3,066)
0

49
(23)
0
0
0

0
0
(184)
(479)
0

640
25
(2,274)
(4,061)
1,131

Cash flow hedge accounting
Derivatives held as cash flow hedges

in € m.

Derivatives held as
cash flow hedges

Dec 31, 2024

2024

Assets

416

Assets

Liabilities

Nominal
amount

Fair Value
changes used
for hedge
effectiveness

58

183

109,671

(229)

Dec 31, 2023

2023

Liabilities

Nominal
amount

Fair Value
changes used
for hedge
effectiveness

228

111,462

537

Cash flow hedge balances
in € m.

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

36
0
(242)
234
0
(212)
13

44
0
436
398
0
434
101

(790)
0
(819)
71
0
(899)
16

Reported in Equity1
thereof relates to terminated programs
Gains (losses) posted to equity for the year ended
Gains (losses) removed from equity for the year ended
thereof relates to terminated programs
Changes of hedged item's value used for hedge effectiveness
Ineffectiveness recorded within P&L
1

Reported in equity refers to accumulated other comprehensive income as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

514

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
35 – Derivatives

In accordance with IAS 39.96 the gains and losses posted to equity in a cash flow hedge relationship is the lesser of
cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument from the inception of the hedge and the cumulative change in fair value
of the expected future cash flows on the hedged item from inception of the hedge. As a result, changes of the hedged
item’s value used for hedge effectiveness are not fully recorded in equity if it exceeds the hedging instrument’s fair value
changes used for hedge effectiveness. Consequently, hedge ineffectiveness recorded within P&L does not always
reconcile to the difference between the changes of the hedged item’s value used for hedge effectiveness and the hedging
instrument’s fair value changes used for hedge effectiveness.
During the current period, increases in the designated benchmark interest rates resulted in negative fair value changes on
the associated hedging instruments, mainly related to cash flow hedge relationship on USD denominated financial asset.
In addition, the carrying value of these hedging derivatives changed into a net financial liability which therefore aligns to
the fair value change shown in the table above.
In the FX CFH, ineffectiveness is not expected considering FX forward point risk is not a component of the designated risk.
The change in both the hypothetical and hedging instrument fair value used for effectiveness testing is driven by FX spot
risk only, and is expected to offset (subject to a positive capacity test result).
As of December 31, 2024 the longest term cash flow hedge matures in 2036.
As of December 31, 2024 the longest FX CFH matures in 2032.
The financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges are recognized as Loans at amortized cost in the Group’s
Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Financial instruments designated in the FX CFH are recognized as Debt Securities HTC at amortized cost in the Groups
Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Net investment hedge accounting
Derivatives held as net investment hedges

in € m.

Derivatives held as
net investment
hedges

Dec 31, 2024

2024

Assets

736

Assets

Liabilities

Nominal
amount

Fair Value
changes used
for hedge
effectiveness

189

1,595

45,517

(2,442)

Dec 31, 2023

2023

Liabilities

Nominal
amount

Fair Value
changes used
for hedge
effectiveness

157

42,751

317

2024

in € m.

Result of net investment hedges
1

Fair value
changes
recognized in
Equity1

(2,384)

2023

Hedge
ineffectiveness

Fair value
changes
recognized in
Equity1

Hedge
ineffectiveness

(81)

(169)

(138)

Within 1 year

1–3 years

3–5 years

Over 5 years

36,976
7,990
44,966

318
230
548

3
0
3

0
0
0

33,347
8,683
42,030

85
579
664

18
39
57

0
0
0

Reported in equity refers to accumulated other comprehensive income as presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Profile of derivatives held as net investment hedges
in € m.

As of December 31, 2024
Nominal amount Foreign exchange forwards
Nominal amount Foreign exchange swaps
Total
As of December 31, 2023
Nominal amount Foreign exchange forwards
Nominal amount Foreign exchange swaps
Total

The Group uses a foreign exchange forward strategy. As indicated in the above table, the vast majority of forward contracts
mature within the year. The Group did not calculate an average foreign currency rate because the amount of contracts
that mature after 1 year are not material.

515

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
36 – Related Party Transactions

36 – Related Party Transactions
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to directly or indirectly control the other party or exercise
significant influence over the other party in making financial or operational decisions. The Group’s related parties include:
– Key management personnel including close family members and entities which are controlled, significantly influenced
by, or for which significant voting power is held by key management personnel or their close family members
– Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and their respective subsidiaries
– Post-employment benefit plans for the benefit of Deutsche Bank employees

Transactions with Key Management Personnel
Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing, and controlling
the activities of Deutsche Bank, directly or indirectly. The Group considers the members of the Management Board and of
the Supervisory Board of the parent company to constitute key management personnel for purposes of IAS 24.
Compensation expense of key management personnel
in € m.

2024

2023

2022

Short-term employee benefits
Post-employment benefits
Other long-term benefits
Termination benefits
Share-based payment
Total

47
4
35
0
15
101

37
7
17
0
18
79

37
5
15
2
17
76

The above table does not contain compensation that employee representatives and former board members on the
Supervisory Board have received. The aggregated compensation paid to such members for their services as employees of
Deutsche Bank or status as former employees (retirement, pension and deferred compensation) amounted to € 1 million
as of December 31, 2024, € 1 million as of December 31, 2023 and € 1 million as of December 31, 2022.
Among the Group’s transactions with key management personnel as of December 31, 2024, were loans and commitments
of € 2 million and deposits of € 17 million. As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s transactions with key management
personnel were loans and commitments of € 1 million and deposits of € 16 million.
In addition, the Group provides banking services, such as payment and account services as well as investment advice, to
key management personnel.

Transactions with Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates
Transactions between Deutsche Bank AG and its subsidiaries meet the definition of related party transactions. If these
transactions are eliminated on consolidation, they are not disclosed as related party transactions. Transactions between
the Group and its associated companies and joint ventures and their respective subsidiaries also qualify as related party
transactions.
Transactions for subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are presented combined in below table as these are not material
individually.
Loans
in € m.

2024

2023

Loans outstanding, beginning of year
Net movement in loans during the period
Changes in the group of consolidated companies
Exchange rate changes/other
Loans outstanding, end of year1
Other credit risk related transactions:
Allowance for loan losses
Provision for loan losses
Guarantees and commitments

44
70
0
(41)
73

119
(98)
0
23
44

0
1
3

1
0
1

1.

Loans past due were € 0 million as of December 31, 2024 and € 0 million as of December 31, 2023. For the total loans the Group held collateral of € 0 million and
€ 0 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively

516

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
36 – Related Party Transactions

Deposits
in € m.

Deposits outstanding, beginning of year
Net movement in deposits during the period
Changes in the group of consolidated companies
Exchange rate changes/other
Deposits outstanding, end of year

2024

2023

33
(4)
0
0
29

31
2
0
0
33

Other Transactions
Includes bonds issued by associated companies which the Group acquired and classified as trading assets. These trading
assets amounted to € 27 million as of December 31, 2024, and € 11 million as of December 31, 2023.
Other assets related to transactions with associated companies amounted to € 2 million as of December 31, 2024, and
€ 2 million as of December 31, 2023. Other liabilities related to transactions with associated companies were € 0 million as
of December 31, 2024, and € 7 million as of December 31, 2023.

Transactions with Pension Plans
Under IFRS, post-employment benefit plans are considered related parties. The Group has business relationships with a
number of its pension plans pursuant to which it provides financial services to these plans, including investment
management services.
Transactions with related party pension plans
in € m.

2024

2023

Equity shares issued by the Group held in plan assets
Other assets
Fees paid from plan assets to asset managers of the Group
Market value of derivatives with a counterparty of the Group
Notional amount of derivatives with a counterparty of the Group

0
2
16
679
9,730

0
1
21
698
8,146

517

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
37 – Information on Subsidiaries

37 – Information on Subsidiaries
Composition of the Group
Deutsche Bank AG is the direct or indirect holding company for the Group’s subsidiaries.
The Group consists of 521 (2023: 520) consolidated entities, thereof 229 (2023: 212) consolidated structured entities. 328
(2023: 346) of the entities controlled by the Group are directly or indirectly held by the Group at 100% of the ownership
interests (share of capital). Third parties also hold ownership interests in 193 (2023: 174) of the consolidated entities
(noncontrolling interests). As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, one subsidiary has material noncontrolling interests.
Noncontrolling interests for all other subsidiaries are neither individually nor cumulatively material to the Group.

Subsidiaries with material noncontrolling interests
DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA
Proportion of ownership interests and voting rights held by noncontrolling interests
Place of business

in € m

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
Accumulated noncontrolling interests of the subsidiary
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Summarized financial information:
Total assets
Total liabilities
Total net revenues
Net income (loss)
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

20.51%
Global

20.51%
Global

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

133
1,546
250

117
1,620
84

11,871
4,379
2,765
652
904

11,683
3,852
2,614
567
424

Significant restrictions to access or use the Group’s assets
Statutory, contractual or regulatory requirements as well as protective rights of noncontrolling interests might restrict the
ability of the Group to access and transfer assets freely to or from other entities within the Group and to settle liabilities of
the Group.
The following contractual restrictions impact the Group’s ability to use assets and the table below reflects the volume of
those restricted assets:
– The Group has pledged assets to collateralize its obligations under repurchase agreements, securities financing
transactions, collateralized loan obligations and for margining purposes for OTC derivative liabilities
– The assets of consolidated structured entities are held for the benefit of the parties that have bought the notes issued
by these entities
Restricted assets
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.

Interest-earning deposits with banks
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Loans at amortized cost
Other
Total

Dec 31, 2023

Total
assets

Restricted
assets

Total
assets

Restricted
assets

132,741
545,849
42,090
478,921
187,576
1,387,177

31
62,615
5,969
41,942
3,206
113,762

163,454
465,252
35,546
473,705
174,374
1,312,331

41
58,452
7,655
54,372
8,861
129,381

In addition to the above and in line with the regulation on Liquidity Coverage Ratio (Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2015/61), the Group identifies if assets held in third country are subject to restrictions to their free transferability. The
Group identifies the volume of High-Quality Liquid Assets in excess of net cash outflows held in the third countries which
are not freely transferable and excludes them from the HQLA. The aggregated amount of such HQLA that are held at
entities in third countries and considered restricted is € 20.5 billion as of December 31, 2024 (€ 13.3 billion as of December
31, 2023).

518

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
38 – Structured entities

38 – Structured entities
Nature, purpose and extent of the Group’s interests in structured entities
The Group engages in various business activities with structured entities which are designed to achieve a specific business
purpose. A structured entity is one that has been set up so that any voting rights or similar rights are not the dominant
factor in deciding who controls the entity. An example is when voting rights relate only to administrative tasks and the
relevant activities are directed by contractual arrangements.
A structured entity often has some or all of the following features or attributes:
–
–
–
–

Restricted activities
A narrow and well-defined objective
Insufficient equity to permit the structured entity to finance its activities without subordinated financial support
Financing in the form of multiple contractually linked instruments to investors that create concentrations of credit or
other risks (tranches)

The principal uses of structured entities are to provide clients with access to specific portfolios of assets and to provide
market liquidity for clients through securitizing financial assets. Structured entities may be established as corporations,
trusts or partnerships. Structured entities generally finance the purchase of assets by issuing debt and equity securities
that are collateralized by and/or indexed to the assets held by the structured entities. The debt and equity securities issued
by structured entities may include tranches with varying levels of subordination.
Structured entities are consolidated when the substance of the relationship between the Group and the structured entities
indicate that the structured entities are controlled by the Group, as discussed in Note 1 “Material Accounting Policies and
Critical Accounting Estimates”.

Consolidated structured entities
The Group has contractual arrangements which may require it to provide financial support to the following types of
consolidated structured entities.
Securitization vehicles
The Group uses securitization vehicles for funding purchase of diversified pool of assets. The Group provides financial
support to these entities in the form of liquidity facility. As of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were no
outstanding loan commitments to these entities.
Funds
The Group may provide funding and liquidity facility or guarantees to funds consolidated by the Group. As of December 31,
2024, and December 31, 2023, the notional value of the liquidity facilities and guarantees provided by the Group to such
funds was € 1.5 billion and € 1.1 billion, respectively.
Deutsche Bank did not provide non-contractual support during the year to consolidated structured entities.

Unconsolidated structured entities
These are entities which are not consolidated because the Group does not control them through voting rights, contract,
funding agreements, or other means. The extent of the Group’s interests to unconsolidated structured entities will vary
depending on the type of structured entities.
Below is a description of the Group’s involvements in unconsolidated structured entities by type.
Repackaging and investment entities
Repackaging and investment entities are established to meet clients’ investment needs through the combination of
securities and derivatives. These entities are not consolidated by the Group because the Group does not have power to
influence the returns obtained from the entities. These entities are usually set up to provide a certain investment return
pre-agreed with the investor, and the Group is not able to change the investment strategy or return during the life of the
transaction.

519

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
38 – Structured entities

Third party funding entities
The Group provides funding to structured entities that hold a variety of assets. These entities may take the form of funding
entities, trusts and private investment companies. The funding is collateralized by the asset in the structured entities. The
Group’s involvement involves predominantly both lending and loan commitments.
The vehicles used in these transactions are controlled by the borrowers where the borrowers have the ability to decide
whether to post additional margin or collateral in respect of the financing. In such cases, where borrowers can decide to
continue or terminate the financing, the borrowers will consolidate the vehicle.
Securitization Vehicles
The Group establishes securitization vehicles which purchase diversified pools of assets, including fixed income securities,
corporate loans, and asset-backed securities (predominantly commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities and
credit card receivables). The vehicles fund these purchases by issuing multiple tranches of debt and equity securities, the
repayment of which is linked to the performance of the assets in the vehicles.
The Group may transfer assets to these securitization vehicles and provides financial support to these entities in the form
of liquidity facilities. The Group also invests and provides liquidity facilities to third party sponsored securitization vehicles.
The securitization vehicles that are not consolidated into the Group are those where the Group does not hold the power
or ability to unilaterally remove the servicer or special servicer who has been delegated power over the activities of the
entity.
Funds
The Group establishes structured entities to accommodate client requirements to hold investments in specific assets. The
Group also invests in funds that are sponsored by third parties or the bank may act as fund manager, custodian or some
other capacity and provide funding and liquidity facilities to both bank sponsored and third party funds. The funding
provided is collateralized by the underlying assets held by the fund.
The Group does not consolidate funds when Deutsche Bank is deemed agent or when another third party investor has the
ability to direct the activities of the fund.
Other
These are Deutsche Bank sponsored or third party structured entities that do not fall into any criteria above. These entities
are not consolidated by the Group when the bank does not hold power over the decision making of these entities.
Income derived from involvement with structured entities
The Group earns management fees and, occasionally, performance-based fees for its investment management service in
relation to funds. Interest income is recognized on the funding provided to structured entities. Any trading revenue as a
result of derivatives with structured entities and from the movements in the value of notes held in these entities is
recognized in ‘Net gains/losses on financial assets/liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss.
Interests in unconsolidated structured entities
The Group’s interests in unconsolidated structured entities refer to contractual and non-contractual involvement that
exposes the bank to variability of returns from the performance of the structured entities. Examples of interests in
unconsolidated structured entities include debt or equity investments, liquidity facilities, guarantees and certain derivative
instruments in which the Group is absorbing variability of returns from the structured entities.
Interests in unconsolidated structured entities exclude instruments which introduce variability of returns into the
structured entities. For example, when the bank purchases credit protection from an unconsolidated structured entity
whose purpose and design is to pass through credit risk to investors, the bank is providing the variability of returns to the
entity rather than absorbing variability. The purchased credit protection is therefore not considered as an interest for the
purpose of the table below.
Maximum exposure to unconsolidated structured entities
The maximum exposure to loss is determined by considering the nature of the interest in the unconsolidated structured
entity. The maximum exposure for loans and trading instruments is reflected by their carrying amounts in the consolidated
balance sheet. The maximum exposure for derivatives and off-balance sheet commitments such as guarantees, liquidity
facilities and loan commitments under IFRS 12, as interpreted by Deutsche Bank, is reflected by the notional amounts.
Such amounts or its development do not reflect the economic risks faced by the Group because it does not take into
account the effects of collateral or hedges, nor the probability of such losses being incurred. At December 31, 2024, the
notional related to the positive and negative replacement values of derivatives and off balance sheet commitments were
€ 220 billion, € 746 billion and € 29 billion respectively. At December 31, 2023, the notional related to the positive and
negative replacement values of derivatives and off balance sheet commitments were € 117 billion, € 315 billion and
€ 26 billion, respectively.

520

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
38 – Structured entities

Size of structured entities
The Group provides a different measure for size of structured entities depending on their type. The following measures
have been considered as appropriate indicators for evaluating the size of structured entities:
– Funds – Net asset value or assets under management where the bank holds fund units and notional of derivatives when
the bank’s interest comprises of derivatives
– Securitizations – notional of notes in issue (excluding interest only and excess notes where applicable) when the Group
derives its interests through notes its holds and notional of derivatives when the bank’s interests is in the form of
derivatives
– Third party funding entities –Total assets in entities
– Repackaging and investment entities – Fair value of notes in issue
For third party funding entities, size information is not publicly available, therefore the Group has disclosed the greater of
the collateral received/pledged or the notional of the exposure the bank has to the entity.
Based on the above definitions, the total size of structured entities is € 3,156 billion, of which the majority of € 1,828 billion
is from Funds. In 2023, it was € 2,329 billion and € 1,223 billion, respectively.
The following table shows, by type of structured entity, the carrying amounts of the Group’s interests recognized in the
consolidated statement of financial position as well as the maximum exposure to loss resulting from these interests. The
carrying amounts presented below do not reflect the true variability of returns faced by the Group because they do not
take into account the effects of collateral or hedges.
Carrying amounts and size relating to Deutsche Bank’s interests
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Assets
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements
Securities Borrowed
Total financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
Trading assets
Positive market values
(derivative financial instruments)
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial assets designated at fair
value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income
Loans at amortized cost
Other assets
Total assets
Liabilities
Total financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss
Negative market values
(derivative financial instruments)
Other short-term borrowings
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Off-balance sheet exposure
Total

Repackaging and
Investment
Entities

Third Party
Funding
Entities

Securitizations

Funds

Total

0
1

0
0

0
0

0
2

0
3

0
0

1,009
0

382
0

4,532
0

5,923
0

321
152

4,314
2,489

4,652
3,773

71,818
4,075

81,105
10,490

169

386

38

6,044

6,636

0

1,439

841

61,699

63,978

0

0

0

0

0

0
188
1
510

1,212
63,015
735
70,285

479
34,260
4,361
44,134

194
21,540
7,774
105,858

1,885
119,003
12,871
220,788

1

45

138

6,549

6,733

1
0
0
1
0
509

45
0
0
45
8,085
78,325

138
0
0
138
12,915
56,912

6,549
0
0
6,549
8,089
107,398

6,733
0
0
6,733
29,089
243,144

521

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
38 – Structured entities

Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Assets
Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities
purchased under resale agreements
Securities Borrowed
Total financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
Trading assets
Positive market values
(derivative financial instruments)
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value
through profit or loss
Financial assets designated at fair
value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income
Loans at amortized cost
Other assets
Total assets
Liabilities
Total financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss
Negative market values
(derivative financial instruments)
Other short-term borrowings
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Off-balance sheet exposure
Total

Repackaging and
Investment
Entities

Third Party
Funding
Entities

Securitizations

Funds

Total

0
1

0
0

0
0

0
9

0
11

0
0

373
0

209
0

3,482
0

4,064
0

237
193

4,137
2,663

3,372
2,750

53,909
3,302

61,654
8,908

44

450

6

3,272

3,772

0

1,024

615

47,335

48,974

0

0

0

0

0

0
233
1
472

893
66,033
677
72,112

330
31,002
3,406
38,319

264
19,433
10,581
87,679

1,487
116,701
14,665
198,582

43

51

71

5,098

5,264

43
0
0
43
0
429

51
0
0
51
8,737
80,798

71
0
0
71
10,720
48,967

5,098
0
0
5,098
6,386
88,967

5,264
0
0
5,264
25,843
219,162

Total trading assets as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, of € 10.5 billion and € 8.9 billion are comprised
primarily of € 3.8 billion and € 2.8 billion in securitizations and € 4.1 billion and € 3.3 billion in funds structured entities,
respectively. The Group’s interests in securitizations are collateralized by the assets contained in these entities. Where the
Group holds fund units these are typically in regard to market making in funds or otherwise serve as hedges for notes issued
to clients. Moreover, the credit risk arising from loans made to third party funding structured entities is mitigated by the
collateral received.
Non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair value through profit or loss includes reverse repurchase agreements to funds
which comprise the majority of the interests in this category and are collateralized by the underlying securities.
Loans as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, consist of € 119.0 billion and € 116.7 billion investment in
securitization tranches and financing to third party funding entities. The Group’s financing to third party funding entities
is collateralized by the assets in those structured entities.
Other assets as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, of € 12.9 billion and € 14.7 billion, respectively, consist
primarily of cash margin balances.
Pending Receivable balances are not included in this disclosure note due to the fact that these balances arise from typical
customer supplier relationships out of e.g., brokerage type activities and their inherent volatility would not provide users
of the financial statements with effective information about Deutsche Bank’s exposures to structured entities.

Financial support
Deutsche Bank did not provide non-contractual support during the year to unconsolidated structured entities.

522

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
39 – Current and non-current assets and liabilities

Sponsored unconsolidated structured entities where the Group has no interest as
of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023
As a sponsor, Deutsche Bank is involved in the legal set up and marketing of the entity and supports the entity in different
ways, namely:
–
–
–
–

Transferring assets to the entities
Providing seed capital to the entities
Providing operational support to ensure the entity’s continued operation
Providing guarantees of performance to the structured entities.

The bank is also deemed a sponsor for a structured entity if market participants would reasonably associate the entity with
Deutsche Bank. Additionally, the use of the Deutsche Bank name for the structured entity indicates that the bank has
acted as a sponsor.
The gross revenues from sponsored entities where the bank did not hold an interest as of December 31, 2024, and
December 31, 2023, were € 581 million and € 38 million, respectively. Instances where the bank does not hold an interest
in an unconsolidated sponsored structured entity include cases where any seed capital or funding to the structured entity
has already been repaid in full to the Group during the year. This amount does not take into account the impacts of hedges
and is recognized in Net gains/losses on financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit and loss. The aggregated
carrying amounts of assets transferred to sponsored unconsolidated structured entities in 2024 were € 3.7 billion for
securitization and € 2.3 billion for repackaging and investment entities. In 2023, they were € 1.7 billion for securitization
and € 1.9 billion for repackaging and investment entities.

39 – Current and non-current assets and liabilities
Asset and liability line items by amounts recovered or settled within or after one
year
Asset items as of December 31, 2024
Amounts to be recovered or settled
in € m.

Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equity method investments
Loans at amortized cost
Property and equipment
Goodwill and other intangible assets
Other assets
Assets for current tax
Total assets before deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets
Total assets

Total

within one year

after one year

Dec 31, 2024

147,494
6,154
32,061
32
538,650
10,539
0
126,187
0
0
77,218
1,287
939,623

0
6
8,742
11
7,200
31,551
1,028
352,733
6,193
7,749
23,989
514
439,715

147,494
6,160
40,803
44
545,849
42,090
1,028
478,921
6,193
7,749
101,207
1,801
1,379,338
7,839
1,387,177

523

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
40 – Events after the reporting period

Liability items as of December 31, 2024
Amounts to be recovered or settled
in € m.

Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Other short-term borrowings
Other liabilities
Provisions
Liabilities for current tax
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
Total liabilities before deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities

Total

within one year

after one year

Dec 31, 2024

640,982
2,710
2
393,363
9,895
88,349
3,326
492
20,628
287
1,160,033

25,279
1,030
0
19,032
0
7,282
0
228
94,270
0
147,122

666,261
3,740
2
412,395
9,895
95,631
3,326
720
114,899
287
1,307,155
590
1,307,745

Asset items as of December 31, 2023
Amounts to be recovered or settled
in € m.

Cash and central bank balances
Interbank balances (w/o central banks)
Central bank funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements
Securities borrowed
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Equity method investments
Loans at amortized cost
Property and equipment
Goodwill and other intangible assets
Other assets
Assets for current tax
Total assets before deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets
Total assets

Total

within one year

after one year

Dec 31, 2023

178,416
5,535
8,263
32
459,604
7,393
0
127,483
0
0
93,090
1,084
880,900

0
606
6,462
6
5,648
28,152
1,013
346,222
6,185
7,327
21,607
429
423,657

178,416
6,140
14,725
39
465,252
35,546
1,013
473,705
6,185
7,327
114,697
1,513
1,304,557
7,773
1,312,331

Liability items as of December 31, 2023
Amounts to be recovered or settled
in € m.

Deposits
Central bank funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements
Securities loaned
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Other short-term borrowings
Other liabilities
Provisions
Liabilities for current tax
Long-term debt
Trust preferred securities
Total liabilities before deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities

Total

within one year

after one year

Dec 31, 2023

598,941
2,215
3
356,954
9,620
107,337
2,448
369
30,942
289
1,109,119

23,095
823
0
9,521
0
5,699
0
262
88,448
0
127,848

622,035
3,038
3
366,475
9,620
113,036
2,448
631
119,390
289
1,236,967
546
1,237,513

40 – Events after the reporting period
After the reporting date no material events occurred which had a significant impact on the bank’s results of operations,
financial position and net assets.

524

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
41 – Regulatory capital information

41 – Regulatory capital information
General definitions
The calculation of Deutsche Bank’s own funds incorporates the capital requirements following the “Regulation (EU) No
575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions” (CRR) and the “Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions” (CRD), which have been further amended with
subsequent Regulations and Directives. The CRD has been implemented into German law. The information in this section
as well as in the section “Development of risk-weighted assets” is based on the regulatory principles of consolidation.
This section refers to the capital adequacy of the group of entities consolidated for banking regulatory purposes pursuant
to the CRR and the German Banking Act (“Kreditwesengesetz” or “KWG”), which does not include insurance companies
and companies outside the finance sector.
The total own funds pursuant to the effective regulations as of year-end 2024 comprises Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. Tier 1
capital is subdivided into Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital.
CET 1 capital consists primarily of common share capital (net of own holdings) including related share premium accounts,
retained earnings (including losses for the financial year, if any) and accumulated other comprehensive income, subject to
prudential filters and regulatory adjustments as well as minority interests qualifying for inclusion in consolidated CET 1
capital. Prudential filters for CET 1 capital, according to Articles 32 to 35 CRR, include securitization gains on sale, cash
flow hedges and changes in the value of own liabilities, and additional value adjustments. CET 1 capital regulatory
adjustments for instance includes intangible assets (exceeding their prudential value), adoption of the temporary
treatment of unrealized gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance with Article 468 CRR which
applies until year-end 2025, deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability, negative amounts resulting from the
calculation of expected loss amounts, net defined benefit pension fund assets, reciprocal cross holdings in the capital of
financial sector entities and, significant and non-significant investments in the capital (CET 1, AT1, Tier 2) of financial sector
entities above certain thresholds. All items which are not deducted (i.e., amounts below the threshold) are subject to riskweighting.
Additional Tier 1 capital consists of AT1 capital instruments and related share premium accounts as well as noncontrolling
interests qualifying for inclusion in consolidated AT1 capital. To qualify as AT1 capital under CRR/CRD, instruments must
have principal loss absorption through a conversion to common shares or a write-down mechanism allocating losses at a
trigger point and must also meet further requirements such as perpetual with no incentive to redeem and institution must
have full dividend/coupon discretion at all times.
Tier 2 capital comprises eligible capital instruments, the related share premium accounts and subordinated long-term
debt, certain loan loss provisions and noncontrolling interests that qualify for inclusion in consolidated Tier 2 capital. To
qualify as Tier 2 capital, capital instruments or subordinated debt must have an original maturity of at least five years.
Moreover, eligible capital instruments may inter alia not contain an incentive to redeem, a right of investors to accelerate
repayment, or a credit sensitive dividend feature.

Capital instruments
The Management Board was authorized by the 2023 Annual General Meeting to buy, on or before April 30, 2028, shares of
up to 10% of the share capital at the time this resolution was taken or, if lower, of the share capital at the respective time
the authorization was exercised. As at the 2023 Annual General Meeting, this corresponded to a volume of up to
204.0 million shares. Thereof, a volume of up to 5% of the total share capital or 102.0 million shares can be purchased by
using derivatives, including derivatives with a volume of up to 2% of the total share capital with a maturity exceeding 18
months. During the period from the 2023 Annual General Meeting until the 2024 Annual General Meeting, 40.3 million
shares were purchased for equity compensation purposes in the same period or upcoming periods. Thereof, 22.9 million
shares were purchased by exercising call options. In addition, 16.1 million new call options were purchased for equity
compensation purposes in upcoming periods. Furthermore, 71.1 million shares were purchased for cancellation with the
purpose of distributing capital to shareholders in the same period. Thereof, 45.5 million shares that were acquired as part
of the share buyback program of € 450 million in 2023 were cancelled at the beginning of the year 2024. The number of
shares held in Treasury, after delivery of shares for equity compensation and share cancellations, amounted to 31.6 million
as of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Thereof, 25.6 million shares relate to shares bought back for cancellation as part
of the € 675 million share buyback program in 2024. The remaining volume of 6.0 million shares relates to shares to be
used for equity compensation purposes in upcoming periods.

525

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
41 – Regulatory capital information

The Annual General Meeting on May 16 , 2024 granted the Management Board the approval to buy, on or before April 30,
2029, shares of up to 10% of the share capital at the time of this resolution was taken or, if lower, of the share capital at
the respective time the authorization was exercised. As at the 2024 Annual General Meeting, this corresponded to
199.5 million shares. Thereof, a volume of up to 5% of the total share capital or 99.7 million shares can be purchased by
using derivatives, including derivatives with a volume of up to 2% of the total share capital with a maturity exceeding 18
months. These authorizations replaced the authorizations of the previous year. During the period from the 2024 Annual
General Meeting until December 31, 2024, 20.9 million shares were purchased for cancellation with the purpose of
distributing capital to shareholders. The number of shares held in Treasury from buybacks amounted to 49.6 million as of
December 31, 2024. Thereof 46.4 million shares relate to shares bought back for cancellation as part of the € 675 million
share buyback program in 2024. The remaining volume of 3.1 million shares relates to shares to be used for equity
compensation purposes in upcoming periods.
Since the 2017 Annual General Meeting, renewed at the 2021 Annual General Meeting, and as of December 31, 2024,
authorized capital available to the Management Board is € 2,560 million (1,000 million shares).
Since the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the Management Board is authorized to issue participatory notes and other hybrid
debt securities that fulfill the regulatory requirements to qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital with an equivalent value of
€ 9.0 billion on or before April 30, 2027. Deutsche Bank issued € 4.25 billion new AT1 notes under this authorization,
thereof € 3.0 billion new AT1 notes were issued in 2024.
The current CRR as applicable since June 27, 2019, provides further grandfathering rules for AT1 and Tier 2 instruments
issued prior to June 27, 2019. AT1 and Tier 2 instruments issued through special purpose entities were grandfathered until
December 31, 2021. In 2024, transitional arrangements only exist for AT1 and Tier 2 instruments which continue to qualify
until June 26, 2025, even if they do not meet certain new requirements that apply since June 27, 2019. Deutsche Bank had
an immaterial number of instruments that qualified during 2024.
Based on the current CRR, the amount recognized as regulatory AT1 capital amounted to € 11.4 billion. The corresponding
nominal amount of outstanding AT1 instruments was € 11.6 billion as of December 2024. In 2024, the bank issued new
AT1 notes with a nominal amount of € 3.0 billion.
As of December 31, 2024, the amount recognized as regulatory Tier 2 amounted capital to € 7.7 billion. The corresponding
nominal amount of outstanding Tier 2 instruments was € 11.8 billion as of December 2024. In 2024, Tier 2 instruments with
a nominal value of € 104.4 million matured. There were no new issuances of Tier 2 instruments in 2024.

Minimum capital requirements and additional capital buffers
Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in supervisory measures such as restrictions of profit distributions
or limitations on certain businesses such as lending. Deutsche Bank complied with the minimum regulatory capital
adequacy requirements in 2024.

526

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
41 – Regulatory capital information

Details on regulatory capital
Own Funds Template (incl. RWA and capital ratios)
in € m.

Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital: instruments and reserves
Capital instruments, related share premium accounts and other reserves
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Independently reviewed interim profits net of any foreseeable charge or dividend1
Other
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital before regulatory adjustments
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital: regulatory adjustments
Additional value adjustments (negative amount)
Other prudential filters (other than additional value adjustments)
Goodwill and other intangible assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from
temporary differences (net of related tax liabilities where the conditions in Art. 38 (3)
CRR are met) (negative amount)
Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts
Defined benefit pension fund assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by an institution of own CET 1 instruments (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET 1 instruments of financial sector entities
where the institution has a significant investment in those entities (amount above the 10%/15% thresholds
and net of eligible short positions) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (net of related tax liabilities where the conditions in
Art. 38 (3) CRR are met) (amount above the 10%/15% thresholds) (negative amount)
Regulatory adjustments relating to unrealized gains and losses pursuant to
Art. 468 CRR
Other regulatory adjustments2
Total regulatory adjustments to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: instruments
Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts
Amount of qualifying items referred to in Art. 484 (4) CRR and the related share
premium accounts subject to phase out from AT1
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital before regulatory adjustments

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

CRR/CRD

CRR/CRD

44,130
19,978
(1,229)
801
1,020
64,700

44,908
16,509
(1,760)
3,493
973
64,124

(1,680)
95
(5,277)

(1,727)
(126)
(5,014)

(3,463)
(3,037)
(1,173)
0

(4,207)
(2,386)
(920)
(0)

0

0

0

0

1,012
(1,721)
(15,244)
49,457

0
(1,679)
(16,058)
48,066

11,508

8,578

0
11,508

0
8,578

Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital: regulatory adjustments
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by an institution of own AT1 instruments
(negative amount)
Residual amounts deducted from AT1 capital with regard to deduction from CET 1 capital during the
transitional period pursuant to Art. 472 CRR
Other regulatory adjustments
Total regulatory adjustments to Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital
Tier 1 capital (T1 = CET 1 + AT1)

(130)

(250)

0
(130)
11,378
60,835

0
(250)
8,328
56,395

Tier 2 (T2) capital
Total capital (TC = T1 + T2)
Total risk-weighted assets

7,676
68,511
357,427

8,610
65,005
349,742

13.8
17.0
19.2

13.7
16.1
18.6

Capital ratios
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets)
Tier 1 capital ratio (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets)
Total capital ratio (as a percentage of risk-weighted assets)

Full year profit is recognized as per ECB Decision (EU) 2015/656 in accordance with the Article 26(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (ECB/2015/4); current year profits
of € 3.4 billion reduced by deductions for AT1 coupons of € 475 million and deductions for announced distribution to shareholders in relation to FY 2024 of € 2.1 billion,
which includes an intended dividend of € 1.3 billion (68 Cents per share) and the ECB approved share buyback of € 750 million
2 Includes capital deductions of € 1.4 billion (December 2023: € 1.4 billion) based on ECB guidance on irrevocable payment commitments related to the Single Resolution
Fund and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, € 0.3 billion (December 2023: € 0.3 billion) based on ECB's supervisory recommendation for a prudential provisioning of nonperforming exposures
1

527

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
41 – Regulatory capital information

Reconciliation of shareholders’ equity to Own Funds
CRR/CRD
in € m.

Total shareholders’ equity per accounting balance sheet
Deconsolidation/Consolidation of entities
Of which:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Total shareholders' equity per regulatory balance sheet
Minority Interests (amount allowed in consolidated CET 1)
AT1 coupon and shareholder distribution deduction1
Capital instruments not eligible under CET 1 as per CRR 28(1)
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) capital before regulatory adjustments
Prudential filters
Of which:
Additional value adjustments
Any increase in equity that results from securitized assets
Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges and gains or losses on liabilities designated
at fair value resulting from changes in own credit standing
Regulatory adjustments
Of which:
Goodwill and other intangible assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability
Negative amounts resulting from the calculation of expected loss amounts
Defined benefit pension fund assets (net of related tax liabilities) (negative amount)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings by the institution of the CET 1 instruments of financial sector entities
where the institution has a significant investment in those entities
Securitization positions not included in risk-weighted assets
Regulatory adjustments relating to unrealized gains and losses pursuant to Art. 468 CRR
Others2
Common Equity Tier 1 capital

Dec 31, 2024

Dec 31, 2023

66,276
(24)

64,486
(35)

0
(24)
0
66,252
1,020
(2,565)
(7)
64,700
(1,585)

0
(35)
0
64,451
973
(1,279)
(21)
64,124
(1,853)

(1,680)
0

(1,727)
(0)

95
(13,659)

(126)
(14,205)

(5,277)
(3,463)
(3,037)
(1,173)

(5,014)
(4,207)
(2,386)
(920)

0
0
1,012
(1,721)
49,457

0
0
0
(1,679)
48,066

Full year profit is recognized as per ECB Decision (EU) 2015/656 in accordance with the Article 26(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (ECB/2015/4); current year
deductions include deductions for AT1 coupons of € 475 million and deductions for announced distribution to shareholders in relation to FY 2024 of € 2.1 billion, which
includes an intended dividend of € 1.3 billion (68 Cents per share) and the ECB approved share buyback of € 750 million
2
Negative amounts from expected loss shortfall has been disclosed separately in the current year which was shown as part of 'Other Regulatory Adjustments' for the
previous year and includes capital deductions of € 1.4 billion (December 2023: € 1.4 billion) based on ECB guidance on irrevocable payment commitments related to the
Single Resolution Fund and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, € 0.3 billion (December 2023: € 0.3 billion) based on ECB’s supervisory recommendation for a prudential
provisioning of non-performing exposures
1

Capital management
Deutsche Bank’s Treasury function manages solvency, capital adequacy, leverage, and bail-in capacity ratios at Group
level and locally in each region, as applicable. Treasury implements Deutsche Bank’s capital strategy, which itself is
developed by the Group Risk Committee and approved by the Management Board. Treasury, directly or through the Group
Asset and Liability Committee, manages, among other things, issuance and repurchase of shares and capital instruments,
hedging of capital ratios against foreign exchange swings, setting capacities for key financial resources, the design of
shareholders’ equity allocation, and regional capital planning. The bank is fully committed to maintaining Deutsche Bank’s
sound capitalization both from an economic and regulatory perspective considering both book equity based on IFRS
accounting standards, regulatory and economic capital as well as specific capital requirements from rating agencies. The
bank continuously monitors and adjusts Deutsche Bank’s overall capital demand and supply to always achieve an
appropriate balance.
Treasury manages the issuance and repurchase of capital instruments, namely Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1
and Tier 2 capital instruments as well as TLAC/MREL eligible debt instruments. Treasury constantly monitors the market
for liability management trades. Such trades represent a countercyclical opportunity to create Common Equity Tier 1
capital by buying back Deutsche Bank’s issuances below par.
Treasury manages the sensitivity of Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 ratio and capital towards swings in foreign currency exchange
rates against the euro. For this purpose, Treasury develops and executes suitable hedging strategies within the constraints
of a Management Board approved Risk Appetite. Capital invested into Deutsche Bank’s foreign subsidiaries and branches
is either not hedged, partially hedged or fully hedged. Thereby, Treasury aims to balance effects from foreign exchange
rate movements on capital, capital deduction items and risk weighted assets in foreign currency. In addition, Treasury also
accounts for associated hedge cost and implications on market risk weighted assets.

528

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
41 – Regulatory capital information

Resource limit setting
Usage of key financial resources is influenced through the following governance processes and incentives.
Target resource capacities are reviewed in Deutsche Bank’s annual strategic plan in line with Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 and
Leverage Ratio ambitions. As a part of Deutsche Bank’s quarterly process, the Group Asset and Liability Committee
approves divisional resource limits for total capital demand (defined as the sum of RWA and certain RWA equivalents of
Capital Deduction Items and certain RWA equivalents of Capital Buffer Requirements items) and leverage exposure that
are based on the strategic plan but adjusted for market conditions and the short-term outlook. Limits are enforced through
a close monitoring process and an excess charging mechanism.
Overall regulatory capital requirements are principally driven by either Deutsche Bank’s CET 1 ratio (solvency) or leverage
ratio (leverage) requirements, whichever is the more binding constraint. For the internal capital allocation, the combined
contribution of each segment to the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, the Group’s Leverage ratio and the Group’s
Capital Loss under Stress are weighted to reflect their relative importance and level of constraint to the Group.
Contributions to the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio and the Leverage ratio are measured through RWA and Leverage Ratio
Exposure (LRE). The Group’s Capital Loss under Stress is a measure of the Group’s overall economic risk exposure under a
defined stress scenario. Goodwill, other intangible assets, and business-related regulatory capital deduction items
included in total capital demand are directly allocated to the respective segments, supporting the calculation of the
allocated tangible shareholders equity and the respective rate of return.
Most of Deutsche Bank’s subsidiaries and several of Deutsche Bank’s branches are subject to legal and regulatory capital
requirements. In developing, implementing, and testing Deutsche Bank’s capital and liquidity position, the bank fully takes
such legal and regulatory requirements into account. Any material capital requests of Deutsche Bank’s branches and
subsidiaries across the globe are presented to and approved by the Group Investment Committee prior to execution.
Further, Treasury is a member of Deutsche Bank’s Pensions Committee and represented in relevant Investment
Committees overseeing the management of the assets of the largest Deutsche Bank pension funds in Germany. These
investment committees set the investment strategy for these funds in line with the bank’s investment objective to protect
the capital base and distribution capacity of the bank.

529

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
42 – Supplementary information to the consolidated financial statements according to Sections 297
(1a)/314 HGB and the return on assets according to Article 26a of the German Banking Act

42 – Supplementary information to the consolidated financial
statements according to Sections 297 (1a)/314 HGB and the
return on assets according to Article 26a of the German
Banking Act
Staff costs
in € m.

Staff costs:
Wages and salaries
Social security costs
thereof: those relating to pensions
Total

2024

2023

9,836
1,896
1,016
11,731

9,235
1,896
962
11,131

Employees
The average number of effective employees employed in 2024 was 90,149 (2023: 87,777) of whom 40,341 (2023: 39,114)
were women. Part-time employees are included in these figures proportionately. An average of 54,376 (2023: 51,732)
employees worked outside Germany.

Management Board and Supervisory Board remuneration
In accordance with the requirements of the German Accounting Standards No. 17, the members of the Management Board
collectively received in the 2024 financial year compensation totaling € 50,394,830 (2023: € 55,004,064). Of that,
€ 26,659,356 (2023: € 27,243,063) was for fixed compensation, € 1,525,000 (2023: € 1,191,666) for fixed allowances,
€ 1,170,876 (2023: € 854,238) for fringe benefits and € 21,039,598 (2023: € 25,715,098) for performance-related
components. The number of share awards granted or pro-forma reported to the members of the Management Board for
the 2024 financial year was 1,683,651 shares (2023: 1,622,508 shares). The corresponding value, based on the relevant
share price of € 20.011 (2023: 12.20 €) per share, was € 33,691,540 (2023: € 19,794,598). For the first time this includes
392,848 virtual shares which are predominantly cash settled with a corresponding value of € 7,861,281 as well as
1,281,418 pro- forma reported shares with a corresponding target value of € 25,642,455. These units will be determined
on the basis of the final achievement level at the end of the performance period 2024 – 2026 and legally granted in 2027.
For additional information please refer to the Compensation Report in the Annual Report.
Former members of the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG or their surviving dependents received € 35,841,194
and € 26,222,817 for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Provisions for pension obligations to
former members of the Management Board and their surviving dependents amounted to € 142,890,863 and € 157,816,164
on December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Supervisory Board compensation is regulated in Section 14 of the Articles of Association of Deutsche Bank AG. New
compensation provisions were last adopted by resolution at the Annual General Meeting on May 17, 2023. The total
compensation for the members of the Supervisory Board in 2024 was € 7,775,000 (2023: € 7,404,172). The bank does not
provide members of the Supervisory Board with any benefits after they have left the Supervisory Board.
Loans and advances granted, and contingent liabilities assumed for members of the Management Board amounted to
€ 52,119 and € 28,429 and for members of the Supervisory Board amounted to € 1,256,722 and € 638,839 for the years
ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Members of the Management Board repaid no loans in 2024 (2023:
€ 196,810) and members of the Supervisory Board repaid € 67,238 loans in 2024 (2023: € 62,058).

530

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
42 – Supplementary information to the consolidated financial statements according to Sections 297
(1a)/314 HGB and the return on assets according to Article 26a of the German Banking Act

Return on assets
Article 26a of the German Banking Act defines the return on assets as net profit divided by average total assets. According
to this definition the return on assets was 0.25% and 0.35% for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Information on the parent company
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft is the parent company of Deutsche Bank Group. It is incorporated in Frankfurt am Main
and is registered in the Commercial Register of the District Court Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 30000.

Corporate Governance
Deutsche Bank AG has approved the Declaration of Conformity in accordance with Section 161 of the German
Corporation Act (AktG). The declaration is published on Deutsche Bank’s website (www.db.com/ir/en/reports.htm).

Principal accountant fees and services
Breakdown of fees charged by EY GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (“EY GmbH & Co. KG“) and other EY member
firms
Fee category in € m.

Audit fees
thereof to EY GmbH & Co. KG
Audit-related fees
thereof to EY GmbH & Co. KG
Tax-related fees
thereof to EY GmbH & Co. KG
All other fees
thereof to EY GmbH & Co. KG
Total fees

2024

2023

69
55
10
7
0
0
1
0
80

66
52
12
9
0
0
0
0
78

The audit fees include fees for professional services for the audit of Deutsche Bank AG’s annual financial statements and
consolidated financial statements and do not include audit fees for DWS and its subsidiaries that are not audited by EY.
The audit-related fees include fees for other assurance services required by law or regulations, in particular for financial
service specific attestation, for quarterly reviews, for spin-off audits and for merger audits, as well as fees for voluntary
assurance services, like voluntary audits for internal management purposes and the issuance of comfort letters. Taxrelated fees include fees for services relating to the preparation and review of tax returns and related compliance
assistance and advice, tax consultation and advice relating to tax planning initiatives and assistance with assessing
compliance with tax regulations.

531

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
43 – Country by country reporting

43 – Country by country reporting
§ 26a KWG requires annual disclosure of certain information by geographic location. The information disclosed in the table
below is derived from the IFRS Group accounts of Deutsche Bank. The table is however not reconcilable to other financial
information in this report because of specific requirements published by Bundesbank on December 16, 2014, which
include the requirement to present the information on geographic locations prior to elimination of cross-border intragroup transactions. In line with these Bundesbank requirements, intra-group transactions within the same geographic
location are eliminated. These eliminations are identical to the eliminations applied for internal management reporting on
the respective geographical locations.
The geographic location of subsidiaries and branches considers the location of incorporation or residence as well as the
relevant tax jurisdiction. For the names, nature of activity and domicile of subsidiaries and branches, please refer to Note
44 “Shareholdings”. In addition, Deutsche Bank AG and its subsidiaries have German and foreign branches, for example in
London, New York and Singapore. The net revenues are composed of net interest revenues and noninterest revenues.
Dec 31, 2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Cayman Islands
China
Columbia
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Great Britain
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jersey
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Netherlands
Pakistan
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russian Fed.
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Türkiye
UAE
Ukraine
USA
Vietnam

Net revenues
(Turnover)

Employees
(full-time
equivalent)1

Profit (loss)
before income
tax

Income tax
(expense)/
benefit

238
15
147
110
12
(1)
256
0
28
127
12,843
4,552
2
668
39
858
118
15
(2)
1,040
237
5
1,515
99
(31)
22
269
25
1
46
151
14
(0)
1
115
25
828
6
120
650
24
9
321
45
57
118
28
11
5,484
46

284
72
455
202
11
0
624
4
44
213
35,160
7,563
12
797
69
22,176
226
166
14
2,883
367
0
452
202
0
41
448
84
0
1,369
376
45
4
1,756
169
51
1,813
36
192
2,274
49
34
608
144
107
108
198
34
7,733
86

102
(18)
(18)
(30)
7
(2)
140
(0)
14
26
1,997
699
1
188
17
625
65
(1)
(6)
151
64
9
821
60
(29)
10
88
19
0
19
(445)
3
(1)
15
78
71
187
(4)
44
149
8
8
30
18
20
96
13
2
1,158
30

(37)
(0)
(1)
13
(1)
0
(34)
0
(3)
(2)
(533)
(227)
(0)
(32)
(3)
(239)
(20)
(1)
1
(58)
(20)
(0)
(64)
(14)
(1)
0
(24)
(10)
0
(4)
6
(1)
(0)
(3)
(18)
(10)
(36)
(0)
(10)
(46)
(3)
(2)
(8)
(4)
(4)
(29)
(5)
0
(304)
(6)

1 Full-time equivalents as of December 31, 2024

532

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

44 – Shareholdings
534
Subsidiaries
539
Consolidated Structured Entities
543
Companies accounted for at equity
545
Other Companies, where the holding exceeds 20%
547
Holdings in large corporations, where the holding exceeds 5% of the voting rights
The following pages show the Shareholdings of Deutsche Bank Group pursuant to Section 313 (2) of the German
Commercial Code (“HGB”).

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16

Footnotes:
Controlled.
Status as shareholder with unlimited liability pursuant to Section 313 (2) Number 6 HGB.
General Partnership.
Only specified assets and related liabilities (silos) of this entity were consolidated.
Joint venture.
Not controlled.
Accounted for at equity due to significant influence
Classified as Structured Entity not to be accounted for at equity under IFRS.
Classified as Structured Entity not to be consolidated under IFRS.
Preliminary Own funds of € 6,702.3m/Result of € 215.3m (Business Year 2024).
Preliminary Own funds of € 6,659.5m/Result of € (169.9)m (Business Year 2024).
Own funds of € 37.0m/Result of € 4.6m (Business Year 2023).
Not consolidated or accounted for at equity as classified as non-trading financial assets mandatory at fair
value through profit or loss.
Own funds of € 0.8m/Result of € 18.9m (Business Year 2023).
Own funds of € 12.2m/Result of € 1.3m (Business Year 2023).
Own funds of € 39.1m/Result of € 1.8m (Business Year 2023).

533

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Subsidiaries
Serial
No.

Name of company

1
2

Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
ABFS I Incorporated

3

Alex. Brown Financial Services Incorporated

4

Alex. Brown Investments Incorporated

5
6

Alfred Herrhausen Gesellschaft mbH i.L.
Argent Incorporated

7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62

Baldur Mortgages Limited
Betriebs-Center für Banken AG
Better Financial Services GmbH
Better Payment Germany GmbH
BHW - Gesellschaft für Wohnungswirtschaft mbH
BHW Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft
BHW Holding GmbH
Borfield Sociedad Anonima
Breaking Wave DB Limited
BT Globenet Nominees Limited
Cardea Real Estate S.r.l.
Caribbean Resort Holdings, Inc.
Cathay Advisory (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Cathay Asset Management Company Limited
Cathay Capital Company (No 2) Limited
China Recovery Fund, LLC
Cinda - DB NPL Securitization Trust 2003-1
Consumo Srl in Liquidazione
D B Investments (GB) Limited
D&M Turnaround Partners Godo Kaisha
DB (Barbados) SRL
DB (Malaysia) Nominee (Asing) Sdn. Bhd.
DB (Malaysia) Nominee (Tempatan) Sendirian Berhad
DB Advisory Services S.A.S.
DB Alex. Brown Holdings Incorporated
DB Aotearoa Investments Limited
DB Beteiligungs-Holding GmbH
DB Boracay LLC
DB Capital Markets (Deutschland) GmbH
DB Cartera de Inmuebles 1, S.A.U.
DB Chestnut Holdings Limited (in voluntary liquidation)
DB Commodity Financing Limited
DB Corporate Advisory (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
DB Direkt GmbH
DB Equipment Leasing, Inc.
DB Finance (Delaware), LLC
DB Global Technology SRL
DB Global Technology, Inc.
DB Group Services (UK) Limited
DB Holdings (New York), Inc.
DB HR Solutions GmbH
DB Industrial Holdings Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG
DB Industrial Holdings GmbH
DB Intermezzo LLC
DB Internal Funding Limited
DB International (Asia) Limited
DB International Investments Limited
DB International Trust (Singapore) Limited
DB Investment Partners Limited
DB Investment Partners Pte. Ltd.
DB Investment Services GmbH
DB IROC Leasing Corp.
DB London (Investor Services) Nominees Limited
DB Management Support GmbH
DB Nominees (Hong Kong) Limited
DB Nominees (Jersey) Limited

Domicile of
company

Frankfurt am Main
LuthervilleTimonium
LuthervilleTimonium
LuthervilleTimonium
Berlin
LuthervilleTimonium
London
Frankfurt
Berlin
Berlin
Hameln
Hameln
Hameln
Montevideo
London
London
Milan
New York
Beijing
Ebène
Ebène
Wilmington
Wilmington
Milan
London
Tokyo
Christ Church
Kuala Lumpur
Kuala Lumpur
Bogotá
Wilmington
George Town
Frankfurt
Wilmington
Frankfurt
Madrid
George Town
London
Kuala Lumpur
Frankfurt
New York
Wilmington
Bucharest
Wilmington
London
New York
Frankfurt
Luetzen
Luetzen
Wilmington
London
Singapore
London
Singapore
London
Singapore
Frankfurt
New York
London
Frankfurt
Hong Kong
St. Helier

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Credit Institution
Financial Institution

100.0

Financial Institution

100.0

Financial Institution

100.0

Other Enterprise
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0

Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Holding Company
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
1 Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
1 Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Holding Company
Financial Institution
Financial Holding Company
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
2 Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
0.0
100.0
100.0
67.6
85.0
10.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

534

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Serial
No.

63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128
129

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Name of company

DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd
DB Omega Ltd.
DB Operaciones y Servicios Interactivos, S.L.U.
DB Overseas Finance Delaware, Inc.
DB Overseas Holdings Limited
DB Print GmbH
DB Private Clients Corp.
DB Private Wealth Mortgage Ltd.
DB Re S.A.
DB Service Centre Limited
DB Services (Jersey) Limited
DB Services Americas, Inc.
DB Servizi Amministrativi S.r.l.
DB Strategic Advisors, Inc.
DB Structured Derivative Products, LLC
DB Structured Products, Inc.
DB Trustee Services Limited
DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Limited
DB U.S. Financial Markets Holding Corporation
DB UK Bank Limited
DB UK Holdings Limited
DB UK PCAM Holdings Limited (in members' voluntary
liquidation)
DB USA Core Corporation
DB USA Corporation
DB Valoren S.à r.l.
DB Value S.à r.l.
DB VersicherungsManager GmbH
DB Vita S.A.
DBAH Capital, LLC
DBCIBZ1
DBFIC, Inc.
DBNZ Overseas Investments (No.1) Limited
DBOI Global Services (UK) Limited
DBR Investments Co. Limited
DBRE Global Real Estate Management IB, Ltd.
DBRMSGP1
DBUSBZ2, S.à r.l.
DBX Advisors LLC
DEE Deutsche Erneuerbare Energien GmbH
DEUKONA Versicherungs-Vermittlungs-GmbH
Deutsche (Aotearoa) Capital Holdings New Zealand
Deutsche (Aotearoa) Foreign Investments New Zealand
Deutsche (New Munster) Holdings New Zealand Limited
Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (UK) Limited
Deutsche Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd
Deutsche Asset Management (India) Private Limited
Deutsche Australia Limited
Deutsche Bank (Cayman) Limited
Deutsche Bank (China) Co., Ltd.
Deutsche Bank (Malaysia) Berhad
Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA
Deutsche Bank (Uruguay) Sociedad Anónima Institución
Financiera Externa
DEUTSCHE BANK A.S.
Deutsche Bank Americas Holding Corp.
Deutsche Bank Europe GmbH
Deutsche Bank Financial Company
Deutsche Bank Holdings, Inc.
Deutsche Bank Immobilien GmbH
Deutsche Bank Insurance Agency Incorporated
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
Deutsche Bank Mutui S.p.A.
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company
Deutsche Bank Polska Spólka Akcyjna
Deutsche Bank Representative Office Nigeria Limited
Deutsche Bank S.A. - Banco Alemão
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Securities Limited

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Singapore
George Town
Madrid
Wilmington
London
Frankfurt
Wilmington
New York
Luxembourg
Dublin
St. Helier
Wilmington
Milan
Makati City
Wilmington
Wilmington
London
Hong Kong
Wilmington
London
London
London

Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Reinsurance Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

West Trenton
Wilmington
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Frankfurt
Luxembourg
Wilmington
George Town
Wilmington
George Town
London
George Town
George Town
George Town
Luxembourg
Wilmington
Frankfurt
Frankfurt
Auckland
Auckland
Auckland
London
Singapore
Mumbai
Sydney
George Town
Beijing
Kuala Lumpur
Geneva
Montevideo

Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Insurance Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Asset Management Company
2, 3 Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Asset Management Company
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Credit Institution
Credit Institution
Credit Institution
Credit Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
84.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Istanbul
Wilmington
Frankfurt
George Town
Wilmington
Hameln
Wilmington
Luxembourg
Milan
Los Angeles
Warsaw
Lagos
Sao Paulo
Wilmington
Toronto

Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Credit Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

535

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Serial
No.

130
131
132
133
134
135
136
137
138
139
140
141
142
143
144
145
146
147
148
149
150
151
152
153
154
155
156
157
158
159
160
161
162
163
164
165
166
167
168
169
170
171
172
173
174
175
176
177
178
179
180
181
182
183
184
185
186
187
188
189
190
191
192
193
194

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Name of company

Deutsche Bank Società per Azioni
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware
Deutsche Bank Trust Company, National Association
Deutsche Bank Trust Corporation
Deutsche Bank, Sociedad Anónima Española Unipersonal
Deutsche Capital Finance (2000) Limited
Deutsche Capital Markets Australia Limited
Deutsche Cayman Ltd.
Deutsche Custody N.V.
Deutsche Domus New Zealand Limited
Deutsche Equities India Private Limited
Deutsche Finance No. 2 Limited (in voluntary liquidation)
Deutsche Foras New Zealand Limited
Deutsche Gesellschaft für Immobilien-Leasing mit beschränkter
Haftung i.L.
Deutsche Global Markets Limited
Deutsche Group Holdings (SA) Proprietary Limited
Deutsche Group Services Pty Limited
Deutsche Grundbesitz-Anlagegesellschaft mit beschränkter
Haftung
Deutsche Holdings (Grand Duchy)
Deutsche Holdings (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Deutsche Holdings Limited
Deutsche Holdings No. 2 Limited
Deutsche Holdings No. 3 Limited
Deutsche Holdings No. 4 Limited (in members' voluntary
liquidation)
Deutsche Immobilien Leasing GmbH
Deutsche India Holdings Private Limited
Deutsche India Private Limited
Deutsche International Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited
Deutsche Investments (Netherlands) N.V. in liquidatie
Deutsche Investments India Private Limited
Deutsche Investor Services Private Limited
Deutsche Knowledge Services Pte. Ltd.
Deutsche Leasing New York Corp.
Deutsche Mexico Holdings S.à r.l.
Deutsche Morgan Grenfell Group Limited (in members' voluntary
liquidation)
Deutsche Mortgage & Asset Receiving Corporation
Deutsche Nederland N.V.
Deutsche New Zealand Limited
Deutsche Nominees Limited
Deutsche Oppenheim Family Office AG
Deutsche Overseas Issuance New Zealand Limited
Deutsche Postbank Finance Center Objekt GmbH
Deutsche Securities (India) Private Limited
Deutsche Securities (Proprietary) Limited
Deutsche Securities (SA) (Proprietary) Limited
Deutsche Securities Asia Limited
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Securities Israel Ltd.
Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (a closed joint stock company)
Deutsche Securities, S.A. de C.V., Casa de Bolsa
Deutsche Services (CI) Limited
Deutsche Services Polska Sp. z o.o.
Deutsche StiftungsTrust GmbH
Deutsche Strategic Investment Holdings Yugen Kaisha
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited
Deutsche Trustee Services (India) Private Limited
Deutsche Trustees Malaysia Berhad
Deutsche Wealth Management S.G.I.I.C., S.A.
Deutsches Institut für Altersvorsorge GmbH
DI Deutsche Immobilien Treuhandgesellschaft mbH
DISCA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Durian (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
DWS Alternatives France

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Milan
New York
Wilmington
New York
New York
Madrid
George Town
Sydney
Camana Bay
Amsterdam
Auckland
Mumbai
George Town
Auckland
Duesseldorf

Credit Institution
Credit Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

99.9
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Tel Aviv
Johannesburg
Sydney
Frankfurt

Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise

100.0
100.0
100.0
99.8

Luxembourg
Luxembourg
London
London
London
London

Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Duesseldorf
Mumbai
Mumbai
Dublin
Amsterdam
Mumbai
Mumbai
Singapore
New York
Luxembourg
London

Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Wilmington
Amsterdam
Auckland
London
Cologne
Auckland
Schuettringen
New Delhi
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
Hong Kong
Tokyo
Tel Aviv
Seoul
Riyadh
Mexico City
St. Helier
Warsaw
Frankfurt
Tokyo
London
Mumbai
Kuala Lumpur
Madrid
Frankfurt
Frankfurt
Duesseldorf
Luxembourg
Paris

Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Asset Management Company
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
78.0
100.0
100.0
98.0
100.0

536

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Serial
No.

195
196
197
198
199
200
201
202
203
204
205
206
207
208
209
210
211
212
213
214
215
216
217
218
219
220
221
222
223
224
225
226
227
228
229
230
231
232
233
234
235
236
237
238
239
240
241
242
243
244
245
246
247
248
249
250
251
252
253
254
255
256

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Name of company

DWS Alternatives Global Limited
DWS Alternatives GmbH
DWS Asset Management (Korea) Company Limited
DWS Beteiligungs GmbH
DWS CH AG
DWS Consulting Shanghai Limited
DWS Corporate Management Shanghai Limited
DWS Distributors, Inc.
DWS Far Eastern Investments Limited
DWS Global Business Services Inc.
DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA
DWS Group Services UK Limited
DWS Grundbesitz GmbH
DWS India Private Limited
DWS International GmbH
DWS Investment GmbH
DWS Investment Management Americas, Inc.
DWS Investment S.A.
DWS Investments Australia Limited
DWS Investments Hong Kong Limited
DWS Investments Japan Limited
DWS Investments Singapore Limited
DWS Investments UK Limited
DWS Management GmbH
DWS Real Estate GmbH
DWS Service Company
DWS Trust Company
DWS USA Corporation
EC EUROPA IMMOBILIEN FONDS NR. 3 GmbH & CO. KG i.I.
European Value Added I (Alternate G.P.) LLP
Fiduciaria Sant' Andrea S.r.l.
Finanzberatungsgesellschaft mbH der Deutschen Bank
Fir (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Franz Urbig- und Oscar Schlitter-Stiftung Gesellschaft mit
beschränkter Haftung
Fünfte SAB Treuhand und Verwaltung GmbH & Co. Suhl
"Rimbachzentrum" KG
German American Capital Corporation
Greenheart (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Greenwood Properties Corp.
Grundstücksgesellschaft Frankfurt Bockenheimer Landstraße
GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft Kerpen-Sindorf Vogelrutherfeld GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft Köln Oppenheimstraße GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft Wiesbaden Luisenstraße/Kirchgasse
GbR
Immobilienfonds Büro-Center Erfurt am Flughafen Bindersleben
I GbR
Immobilienfonds Wohn- und Geschäftshaus Köln-Blumenberg V
GbR
ISTRON Beteiligungs- und Verwaltungs-GmbH
Joint Stock Company Deutsche Bank DBU
Jyogashima Godo Kaisha
KEBA Gesellschaft für interne Services mbH
Kidson Pte Ltd
Konsul Inkasso GmbH
LA Water Holdings Limited
LAWL Pte. Ltd.
Leasing Verwaltungsgesellschaft Waltersdorf mbH
Leonardo III Initial GP Limited
MEF I Manager, S. à r.l.
MIT Holdings, Inc.
MortgageIT Securities Corp.
MortgageIT, Inc.
norisbank GmbH
Numis Corporation Limited
Numis Europe Limited
Numis Nominees (Client) Limited

Domicile of
company

London
Frankfurt
Seoul
Frankfurt
Zurich
Shanghai
Shanghai
Wilmington
Taipei
Taguig City
Frankfurt
London
Frankfurt
Mumbai
Frankfurt
Frankfurt
Wilmington
Luxembourg
Sydney
Hong Kong
Tokyo
Singapore
London
Frankfurt
Frankfurt
Wilmington
Concord
Wilmington
Hamburg
London
Milan
Berlin
Luxembourg
Frankfurt

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Asset Management Company
Asset Management Company
Asset Management Company
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
2 Investment Holding Company
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Asset Management Company
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Investment Firm
Asset Management Company
Financial Institution
Asset Management Company
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Asset Management Company
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking

Share
of
Capital
in %

100.0
100.0
100.0
98.5
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
60.0
99.9
79.5
100.0
99.9
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
99.9
100.0
100.0
100.0
65.2
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Bad Homburg

Other Enterprise

74.9

LuthervilleTimonium
Luxembourg
New York
Troisdorf

Financial Institution

100.0

Other Enterprise
1 Financial Institution
2 Other Enterprise

100.0
0.0
98.7

Troisdorf
Troisdorf
Troisdorf

2 Other Enterprise
2 Ancillary Services Undertaking
2 Other Enterprise

94.0
100.0
78.7

Troisdorf

2 Other Enterprise

90.0

Troisdorf

2 Other Enterprise

99.0

Cologne
Kyiv
Tokyo
Frankfurt
Singapore
Essen
George Town
Singapore
Schoenefeld
London
Munsbach
Baltimore
Wilmington
New York
Bonn
London
Dublin
London

Ancillary Services Undertaking
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Investment Firm
Other Enterprise

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
75.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

537

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Serial
No.

257
258
259
260
261
262
263
264
265
266
267
268
269
270
271
272
273
274
275
276
277
278
279
280
281
282
283
284
285
286
287
288
289
290
291
292

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Name of company

Numis Nominees (NSI) Limited
Numis Nominees Limited
Numis Securities Limited
OOO "Deutsche Bank TechCentre"
OOO "Deutsche Bank"
OPB Verwaltungs- und Treuhand GmbH
OPB-Oktava GmbH
OPPENHEIM Capital Advisory GmbH
OPPENHEIM PRIVATE EQUITY Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH
PADUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
PB Factoring GmbH
PCC Services GmbH der Deutschen Bank
Plantation Bay, Inc.
Postbank Direkt GmbH
Postbank Filialvertrieb AG
Postbank Finanzberatung AG
Postbank Leasing GmbH
PT Deutsche Sekuritas Indonesia
RoPro U.S. Holding, Inc.
Route 28 Receivables, LLC
RREEF America L.L.C.
RREEF European Value Added I (G.P.) Limited
RREEF Fund Holding LLC
RREEF India Advisors Private Limited
RREEF Management L.L.C.
SAGITA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Sal. Oppenheim jr. & Cie. Beteiligungs GmbH
SAPIO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Sharps SP I LLC
Stelvio Immobiliare S.r.l.
Süddeutsche Vermögensverwaltung Gesellschaft mit
beschränkter Haftung
TELO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Thai Asset Enforcement and Recovery Asset Management
Company Limited
Treuinvest Service GmbH
VÖB-ZVD Processing GmbH
WEPLA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

London
London
London
Moscow
Moscow
Cologne
Cologne
Cologne
Cologne
Duesseldorf
Bonn
Essen
St. Thomas
Bonn
Bonn
Hameln
Bonn
Jakarta
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
London
Wilmington
Mumbai
Wilmington
Duesseldorf
Cologne
Duesseldorf
Wilmington
Bolzano
Frankfurt

Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
99.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Schoenefeld
Bangkok

Financial Institution
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0

Frankfurt
Bonn
Frankfurt

Other Enterprise
Payment Institution
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0
100.0

538

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Consolidated structured entities
Serial
No.

293
294
295
296
297
298
299
300
301
302
303
304
305
306
307
308
309
310
311
312
313
314
315
316
317
318
319
320
321
322
323
324
325
326
327
328
329
330
331
332
333
334
335
336
337
338
339
340
341
342
343
344
345
346
347
348
349
350
351
352
353
354
355
356

Name of company

Al Mi'yar Capital SA
Alguer Inversiones Designated Activity Company
Alixville Invest, S.L.
Altersvorsorge Fonds Hamburg Alter Wall Dr. Juncker KG
Atlas Investment Company 1 S.à r.l., en liquidation volontaire
Atlas Investment Company 2 S.à r.l., en liquidation volontaire
Atlas Investment Company 3 S.à r.l., en liquidation volontaire
Atlas Investment Company 4 S.à r.l., en liquidation volontaire
Atlas Portfolio Select SPC
Atlas SICAV - FIS, en liquidation volontaire
Australian Secured Personal Loans Trust
Axia Insurance, Ltd.
Carpathian Investments Designated Activity Company
Cathay Capital Company Limited
Cathay Strategic Investment Company Limited
Cayman Reference Fund Holdings Limited
Ceto S.à r.l.
Charitable Luxembourg Four S.à r.l.
Charitable Luxembourg Three S.à r.l.
Charitable Luxembourg Two S.à r.l.
City Leasing (Thameside) Limited
City Leasing Limited
CLASS Limited
Collins Capital Low Volatility Performance II Special
Investments, Ltd.
Crofton Invest, S.L.
Danube Properties S.à r.l., en faillite
DB Asset Finance I S.à r.l.
DB Asset Finance II S.à r.l.
DB Aster II, LLC
DB Aster, Inc.
DB Aster, LLC
DB Covered Bond S.r.l.
DB Credit Investments S.à r.l.
DB Finance International GmbH
DB Holding Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Investimento
no Exterior Crédito Privado
DB Litigation Fee LLC
DB Municipal Holdings LLC
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8092 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8093 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8095 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8096 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8097 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8098 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8103 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8108 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8114 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8119 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8129 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8139 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8141 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8142 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8143 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8144 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8145 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8146 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8147 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8148 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8149 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8150 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8151 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8201 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DB-8202 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8055 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8057 Trust

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Luxembourg
Dublin
Madrid
Frankfurt
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
George Town
Luxembourg
Melbourne
Hamilton
Dublin
Ebène
Hong Kong
George Town
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
London
London
St. Helier
Road Town

4 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
4 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
1 Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
4 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution

Madrid
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Conegliano
Luxembourg
Frankfurt
Sao Paulo

Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

25.0
96.9
96.9
100.0
100.0
100.0
90.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington

Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0
100.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
15.0
22.2
21.2
8.9
8.2
10.5
16.8
9.3
10.9
10.7
10.2
9.6
9.6
9.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
100.0
100.0
19.0
100.0

100.0
100.0

539

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Serial
No.

Name of company

Domicile of
company

357
358
359
360
361
362
363
364
365
366
367
368
369
370
371
372
373
374
375
376
377
378
379
380
381
382
383
384
385
386
387
388
389
390
391
392
393
394
395
396
397
398
399
400
401
402
403
404
405
406
407
408
409
410
411
412
413
414
415
416
417
418
419
420
421
422
423
424

DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8060 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8067 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8070 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8071 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8081 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8082 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8090 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8099 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8100 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8101 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8105 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8106 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8107 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8109 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8110 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8113 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8118 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8120 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8121 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8122 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8123 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8124 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8125 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8126 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8128 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8130 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8131 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8132 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8133 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8134 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8135 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8136 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8137 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8138 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8140 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8152 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8153 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8908 Trust
DB SPEARs/LIFERs, Series DBE-8909 Trust
DB Structured Holdings Luxembourg S.à r.l.
DBRE Global Real Estate Management US IB, L.L.C.
DBX ETF Trust
Deloraine Spain, S.L.
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. - Fiduciary Deposits
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. - Fiduciary Note Programme
Deutsche Colombia S.A.S. - en Liquidacion
Deutsche Postbank Funding LLC I
Deutsche Postbank Funding LLC III
Deutsche Postbank Funding Trust I
Deutsche Postbank Funding Trust III
DWS Alternatives (IE) ICAV
DWS Concept
DWS EREP Lux 1 S.à r.l.
DWS European Real Estate Partners S.C.A. SICAV-RAIF
DWS Funds
DWS Garant
DWS Invest
DWS Invest (IE) ICAV
DWS Zeitwert Protect
DWS-Fonds Treasury Liquidity (EUR)
Dynamic Infrastructure Securities Fund LP
Earls Eight Limited
Earls Four Limited
Einkaufszentrum "HVD Dresden" S.à.r.l & Co. KG i.I.
Emerald Asset Repackaging Designated Activity Company
Emerging Markets Capital Protected Investments Limited
Emeris
Erste Frankfurter Hoist GmbH i.L.

Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Wilmington
Newark
Newark
Luxembourg
Wilmington
Wilmington
Madrid
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Bogotá
Wilmington
Wilmington
Newark
Newark
Dublin
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Dublin
Luxembourg
Frankfurt
Wilmington
George Town
George Town
Cologne
Dublin
George Town
George Town
Frankfurt

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
4 Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
4 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

Share
of
Capital
in %

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.2
0.0
0.2
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.3
100.0
100.0

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

100.0
99.9

100.0

100.0

100.0

540

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Serial
No.

425
426
427
428
429
430
431
432
433
434
435
436
437
438
439
440
441
442
443
444
445
446
447
448
449
450
451
452
453
454
455
456
457
458
459
460
461
462
463
464
465
466
467
468
469
470
471
472
473
474
475
476
477
478
479
480
481
482
483
484
485
486

Name of company

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Domicile of
company

Fondo Privado de Titulización PYMES I Designated Activity
Dublin
Company
Freddie Mac Class A Taxable Multifamily M Certificates Series M- McLean
037
Freddie Mac Class A Taxable Multifamily M Certificates Series M- McLean
039
Freddie Mac Class A Taxable Multifamily M Certificates Series M- McLean
040
Freddie Mac Class A Taxable Multifamily M Certificates Series M- McLean
041
Freddie Mac Class A Taxable Multifamily M Certificates Series M- McLean
043
Freddie Mac Class A Taxable Multifamily M Certificates Series M- McLean
044
G.O. IB-US Management, L.L.C.
Wilmington
GAC-HEL, Inc.
Wilmington
Galene S.à r.l.
Luxembourg
Gladyr Spain, S.L.
Madrid
Global Opportunities Co-Investment Feeder, LLC
Wilmington
Global Opportunities Co-Investment, LLC
George Town
GWC-GAC Corp.
Wilmington
Havbell Designated Activity Company
Maynooth
Histria Inversiones Designated Activity Company
Dublin
Infrastructure Debt Fund S.C.Sp. SICAV-RAIF
Luxembourg
Inn Properties S.à r.l., en faillite
Luxembourg
Investor Solutions Limited
St. Helier
Isar Properties S.à r.l., en faillite
Luxembourg
IVAF (Jersey) Limited
St. Helier
Kelona Invest, S.L.
Madrid
Kelsey Street LLC
Wilmington
KH Kitty Hall Holdings Limited
Dublin
Kratus Inversiones Designated Activity Company
Dublin
Kronos Funding Ltd
London
Kuiper Credit Opportunities - Kuiper Compartment 01 - Bel-Air
Paris
Ledyard, S.L.
Madrid
87 Leonard Development LLC
Wilmington
LES Essex Crossing Holdings Acquisition LLC
Wilmington
LES Essex Crossing Parent LLC
Wilmington
LES Essex Crossing Property Holdings LLC
Wilmington
Life Mortgage S.r.l.
Conegliano
Lindsell Finance Limited (in dissolution)
St. Julian's
Lockwood Invest, S.L.
Madrid
London Industrial Leasing Limited
London
Lunashadow Limited
Dublin
1800 M Chaperone Investor LLC
Wilmington
Malabo Holdings Designated Activity Company
Dublin
Merlin XI
George Town
Meseta Inversiones Designated Activity Company
Dublin
Motion Picture Productions One GmbH & Co. KG
Frankfurt
MPP Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Frankfurt
Navegator - SGFTC, S.A.
Lisbon
NCW Holding Inc.
Vancouver
New 87 Leonard, LLC
Wilmington
Oasis Securitisation S.r.l.
Conegliano
Oder Properties S.à r.l., en faillite
Luxembourg
Palladium Global Investments S.A.
Luxembourg
Palladium Securities 1 S.A.
Luxembourg
PARTS Funding, LLC
Wilmington
PEIF II SLP Feeder 2 LP
Edinburgh
PEIF III SLP Feeder GP, S.à r.l.
Senningerberg
PEIF III SLP Feeder, SCSp
Senningerberg
PEIF IV SLP DWS Feeder, SCSp
Senningerberg
Philippine Opportunities for Growth and Income (SPV-AMC), INC. Makati City
Property Debt Fund S.C.Sp. SICAV-RAIF
Luxembourg
PUTTERs/DRIVERs, Series 3004 Trust
Wilmington
PUTTERs/DRIVERs, Series 3005DB Trust
Wilmington
PUTTERs/DRIVERs, Series 3007DB Trust
Wilmington
QR Tower 2, LLC
Wilmington
Radical Properties Unlimited Company
Dublin

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0

Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0

Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0

Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0

Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0

Ancillary Services Undertaking

100.0

Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
2 Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
1 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution

100.0
100.0

100.0

25.0
25.0

100.0

99.9
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0

100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
0.0
25.0

100.0
100.0
57.1
100.0
95.0
14.5
13.6
16.9
100.0

541

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Serial
No.

Name of company

Domicile of
company

487
488
489
490
491
492
493
494
495
496
497
498
499
500
501
502
503
504
505
506
507
508
509
510
511
512
513
514
515
516
517
518
519
520
521

Redstone Finance Designated Activity Company
Rhine Euro CLO I Designated Activity Company
Rhine Properties S.à r.l., en faillite
ROCKY 2021-1 SPV S.r.l.
Romareda Holdings Designated Activity Company
RREEF DCH, L.L.C.
Samburg Invest, S.L.
SCB Alpspitze UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Seaconview Designated Activity Company
SGI SLP Feeder GP S.à.r.l.
SGI SLP Feeder SCSp
Singer Island Tower Suite LLC
Somkid Immobiliare S.r.l.
SP Mortgage Trust
SPV I Sociedad Anónima Cerrada
SPV II Sociedad Anónima Cerrada
Style City Limited
Sunrise Turnaround Partners G.K.
300 SW Parent LLC
300 SW Property Holdings LLC
Swabia 1 Designated Activity Company (in liquidation)
Swabia 1. Vermögensbesitz-GmbH i.L.
Tagus - Sociedade de Titularização de Creditos, S.A.
Tasman NZ Residential Mortgage Trust
Trave Properties S.à r.l., en faillite
VCJ Lease S.à r.l.
Waltzfire Limited
Wedverville Spain, S.L.
Wendelstein 2017-1 UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Wendelstein 2024-1 UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
5353 WHMR LLC
Xtrackers
Xtrackers (IE) Public Limited Company
Xtrackers II
Zumirez Drive LLC

Dublin
Dublin
Luxembourg
Conegliano
Dublin
Wilmington
Madrid
Frankfurt
Maynooth
Senningerberg
Senningerberg
Wilmington
Conegliano
Wilmington
Lima
Lima
Dublin
Tokyo
Wilmington
Wilmington
Dublin
Frankfurt
Lisbon
Auckland
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Dublin
Madrid
Frankfurt
Frankfurt
Wilmington
Luxembourg
Dublin
Luxembourg
Wilmington

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
4 Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking

Share
of
Capital
in %

25.0

100.0

57.6
100.0
100.0
100.0
99.9
99.8
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
25.0
100.0

100.0
0.1
0.1
100.0

542

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Companies accounted for at equity
Serial
No.

522
523
524
525
526
527
528
529
530
531
532
533
534
535
536
537
538
539
540
541
542
543
544
545
546
547
548
549
550
551
552
553
554
555
556
557
558
559
560
561
562
563
564
565
566
567
568
569
570
571
572
573
574
575
576
577

Name of company

AKA Ausfuhrkredit-Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
Angle Group Holdings Pty Ltd
BANKPOWER GmbH Personaldienstleistungen
Bestra Gesellschaft für Vermögensverwaltung mit beschränkter
Haftung
Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH
Deutsche Zurich Pensiones Entidad Gestora de Fondos de
Pensiones, S.A.
Deutscher Pensionsfonds Aktiengesellschaft
DIL Internationale Leasinggesellschaft mbH i.L.
Domus Beteiligungsgesellschaft der Privaten Bausparkassen
mbH
dwins GmbH
Elbe Properties S.à r.l., en faillite clôturée
Evroenergeiaki Anonymi Etaireia
FSDB Merchant Services GmbH
Fünfte SAB Treuhand und Verwaltung GmbH & Co. "LeipzigMagdeburg" KG
Fünfte SAB Treuhand und Verwaltung GmbH & Co. Dresden
"Louisenstraße" KG
G.O. IB-SIV Feeder, L.L.C.
Gesellschaft für Kreditsicherung mit beschränkter Haftung
Global Tokenization Holdings Limited
Grundstücksgesellschaft Karlsruhe Kaiserstraße GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft Köln-Merheim Winterberger Straße
GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft Leipzig Petersstraße GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft Mietwohnhäuser Leipzig-Gohlis GbR
Grundstücksgesellschaft München Synagogenplatz GbR
Harvest Fund Management Co., Ltd.
Huarong Rongde Asset Management Company Limited
ILV Immobilien-Leasing Verwaltungsgesellschaft Düsseldorf
mbH
Immobilienfonds Büro Center Erfurt am Flughafen Bindersleben
III GbR
Immobilienfonds Bürohaus Düsseldorf Grafenberg GbR
Immobilienfonds Köln-Deutz Arena und Mantelbebauung GbR
Immobilienfonds Köln-Ossendorf II eGbR
Ingrid S.à r.l.
iSwap Limited
IZI Düsseldorf Informations-Zentrum Immobilien Gesellschaft
mit beschränkter Haftung i.L.
IZI Düsseldorf Informations-Zentrum Immobilien GmbH & Co.
Kommanditgesellschaft i.L.
KVD Singapore Pte. Ltd. (in liquidation - members' voluntary
winding up)
Latitude Group Holdings Limited
1800 M JV LLC
MorgenFund GmbH
North Coast Wind Energy Corp.
Palma Topco Limited
PERILLA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
REDUS DTHG, LLC
SRC Security Research & Consulting GmbH
Starpool Finanz GmbH
Syndicated Loan Consortium Holdings LLC
Taurus SA
Trade Information Network Limited
TRAXPAY GmbH
Triton Beteiligungs S.à r.l., en liquidation volontaire
U.S.A. ITCF XCI L.P.
UKEM Motoryacht Medici Mangusta GbR
Ullmann Krockow Esch GbR
Volbroker.com Limited
Weser Properties S.à r.l., en faillite clôturée
zeitinvest-Service GmbH
Zhong De Securities Co., Ltd

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Frankfurt
Melbourne
Frankfurt
Duesseldorf

Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution

26.9
19.5
30.0
49.0

Eschborn
Barcelona

Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise

16.2
50.0

Cologne
Duesseldorf
Berlin

Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Holding Company

25.1
50.0
21.1

Frankfurt
Luxembourg
Athens
Frankfurt
Bad Homburg

Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
5 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise

16.1
25.0
40.0
49.0
41.2

Bad Homburg

Other Enterprise

30.6

Wilmington
Berlin
Dublin
Troisdorf
Troisdorf

Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
5 Other Enterprise
2 Other Enterprise
2 Other Enterprise

15.7
36.7
33.3
40.1
41.6

Troisdorf
Troisdorf
Troisdorf
Shanghai
Beijing
Duesseldorf

2, 6 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
2 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
5 Financial Institution

62.1
25.0
26.0
30.0
40.7
50.0

Troisdorf

2 Other Enterprise

20.7

Troisdorf
Troisdorf
Gelsenkirchen
Luxembourg
London
Duesseldorf

2 Other Enterprise
2 Other Enterprise
2 Other Enterprise
5 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

39.0
28.9
40.3
23.8
14.0
23.5

Duesseldorf

Other Enterprise

23.5

Singapore

Financial Institution

26.0

Melbourne
Wilmington
Frankfurt
Port Moody
St. Helier
Duesseldorf
Wilmington
Bonn
Berlin
Wilmington
Geneva
London
Frankfurt
Luxembourg
New York
Troisdorf
Troisdorf
Rochford
Luxembourg
Frankfurt
Beijing

Financial Institution
5 Ancillary Services Undertaking
Investment Firm
5 Other Enterprise
Ancillary Services Undertaking
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
5 Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
6 Other Enterprise
7 Other Enterprise
7 Other Enterprise
Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Other Enterprise
5 Financial Institution

16.5
10.1
30.0
50.0
22.8
50.0
49.9
22.5
49.9
7.3
4.2
18.6
2.4
33.1
99.9
0.0
0.0
22.5
25.0
25.0
33.3

543

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Serial
No.

Name of company

Domicile of
company

578

ZYRUS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Schoenefeld

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Financial Institution

Share
of
Capital
in %

25.0

544

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Other companies, where the holding exceeds 20%
Share
of
Capital
in %

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Toronto
Luetzen
Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Wilmington
Camana Bay
Luxembourg

8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
9, 10 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
6, 9 Financial Institution
9, 11 Other Enterprise
6, 9 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution

50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
33.2
32.0
98.2
100.0
100.0
33.6
49.0

Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
George Town
Duesseldorf

8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8, 12 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise

50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
26.3
50.0

608
609
610
611
612
613
614
615
616
617

ABATE Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ABRI Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ACHTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ACHTZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ACIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ACTIO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
ADEO Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ADLAT Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
AGUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ALANUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ALTA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ANDOT Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
AVOC Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Banks Island General Partner Inc.
Benefit Trust GmbH
BIMES Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
BLI Beteiligungsgesellschaft für Leasinginvestitionen mbH
BLI Internationale Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Cedar (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
DB Advisors SICAV
DB Placement, LLC
DB Real Estate Global Opportunities IB (Offshore), L.P.
Deutsche River Investment Management Company S.à r.l., en faillite
clôturée
DONARUM Holding GmbH i.L.
DREIZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
DRITTE Fonds-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
DRITTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
DWS Offshore Infrastructure Debt Opportunities Feeder LP
EINUNDZWANZIGSTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH
ELC Logistik-Centrum Verwaltungs-GmbH
ELFTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Elm (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
FÜNFTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
FÜNFZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Glor Music Production GmbH & Co. KG
GLOR Music Production II GmbH & Co. KG
HR "Simone" GmbH & Co. KG i.I.
Intermodal Finance I Ltd.
Isaac Newton S.à r.l.

Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Luxembourg
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Rottach-Egern
Rottach-Egern
Jork
George Town
Capellen

50.0
50.0
98.0
50.0
50.0
29.5
28.6
24.3
49.0
98.2

618
619

Kinneil Leasing Company
M Cap Finance Mittelstandsfonds GmbH & Co. KG

London
Frankfurt

620

M Cap Finance Mittelstandsfonds III GmbH & Co. KG

Frankfurt

621
622
623
624
625
626
627
628
629
630
631
632
633
634
635
636
637
638
639

MCT Südafrika 3 GmbH & Co. KG i.I.
Hamburg
MT "CAPE BEALE" Tankschiffahrts GmbH & Co. KG i.I.
Hamburg
MT "KING DANIEL" Tankschiffahrts UG (haftungsbeschränkt) & Co. KG i.L.
Hamburg
MT "KING DOUGLAS" Tankschiffahrts UG (haftungsbeschränkt) & Co. KG i.L. Hamburg
NEUNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
NEUNZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
Nexus Infrastruktur Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Duesseldorf
NOFA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Duesseldorf
OPPENHEIM Buy Out GmbH & Co. KG i.L.
Cologne
PADEM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Duesseldorf
PALDO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
PEIF IV SLP DWS Feeder 2, SCSp
Senningerberg
PENDIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
PENTUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
PERGUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Duesseldorf
PERLIT Mobilien-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
Duesseldorf
PERLU Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf
PERNIO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Duesseldorf

8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
6, 13 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
13 Other Enterprise
13 Other Enterprise
13 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
6, 9, Financial Institution
14
8 Other Enterprise
6, 13, Financial Institution
15
13, Financial Institution
16
13 Other Enterprise
13 Other Enterprise
13 Other Enterprise
13 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
1, 2, 8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
9 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution

Serial
No.

579
580
581
582
583
584
585
586
587
588
589
590
591
592
593
594
595
596
597
598
599
600
601
602
603
604
605
606
607

Name of company

Nature of activity

35.0
77.1
35.4
39.0
34.0
32.8
33.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
27.7
50.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0

545

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Serial
No.

640
641
642
643
644
645
646
647
648
649
650
651
652
653
654
655
656
657
658
659
660
661
662
663
664
665
666
667
668
669
670
671
672
673
674
675
676
677
678
679
680
681
682
683
684
685
686
687
688
689
690
691
692
693
694
695
696
697
698
699
700
701
702
703
704
705
706
707

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Name of company

PERXIS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
PETA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
PONTUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
PRADUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
PRASEM Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
PRISON Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Private Equity Invest Beteiligungs GmbH
Private Equity Life Sciences Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
PUDU Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
QUANTIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
QUOTAS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
RREEF Core Plus Residential Fund LP
SABIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SALIX Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SALUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SANCTOR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SANDIX Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SANO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SARIO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SCANDO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
Schumacher Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SCITOR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SECHSTE Fonds-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SECHSTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SECHZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SEGES Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SEGU Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SELEKTA Grundstücksverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SENA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SENA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. Objekt Kamenz KG
SERICA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SIDA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SIEBTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SIEBZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SIFA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SILEX Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SILUR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SOLATOR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SOLUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SOMA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SOREX Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
SOSPITA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
STAGIRA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SUPERA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
SUPLION Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
SUSIK Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
TABA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TACET Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TAGO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TAGUS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
TAKIR Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
TESATUR Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
TIEDO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TOSSA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TRAGO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TREMA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TRENTO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
TRIPLA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
TYRAS Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
VIERTE Fonds-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
VIERTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
VIERUNDZWANZIGSTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft
mbH
VIERZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
XELLUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
XENTIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
XERA Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
ZABATUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
ZARGUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Wilmington
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Berlin
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf

8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
6, 9 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
9 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
9 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
9 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
9 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise

50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
26.9
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
33.2
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
100.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0

Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf

8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution

50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0

546

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Additional Notes
44 – Shareholdings

Serial
No.

Name of company

Domicile of
company

708
709
710
711
712
713
714
715
716
717
718
719
720
721
722
723
724

ZEA Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ZEHNTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZENO Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZEREVIS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
ZERGUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZIDES Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZIMBEL Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZINUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZIRAS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
ZITON Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH
ZITUS Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZONTUM Grundstücks-Vermietungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.
ZWANZIGSTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ZWEITE Fonds-Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ZWEITE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ZWÖLFTE PAXAS Treuhand- und Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
ZYLUM Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH i.L.

Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Schoenefeld
Schoenefeld
Schoenefeld
Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Schoenefeld
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Duesseldorf
Schoenefeld

Foot
note

Nature of activity

8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution
8 Other Enterprise
8 Other Enterprise
8 Financial Institution

Share
of
Capital
in %

25.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
50.0
25.0

Holdings in large corporations, where the holding exceeds 5% of the voting rights
Serial
No.

725
726
727
728
729
730
731
732
733
734
735
736

Name of company

BÜRGSCHAFTSBANK BRANDENBURG GmbH
Bürgschaftsbank Hamburg GmbH
Bürgschaftsbank Mecklenburg-Vorpommern GmbH
Bürgschaftsbank Sachsen GmbH
Bürgschaftsbank Sachsen-Anhalt GmbH
Bürgschaftsbank Schleswig-Holstein Gesellschaft mit beschränkter
Haftung
Bürgschaftsbank Thüringen GmbH
MTS S.p.A.
Prader Bank S.p.A.
Private Export Funding Corporation
Saarländische Investitionskreditbank Aktiengesellschaft
Yensai.com Co., Ltd.

Domicile of
company

Foot
note

Nature of activity

Share
of
Capital
in %

Potsdam
Hamburg
Schwerin
Dresden
Magdeburg
Kiel

Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution
Financial Institution

8.5
8.7
8.4
6.3
8.2
5.6

Erfurt
Rome
Bolzano
Wilmington
Saarbruecken
Tokyo

Financial Institution
Other Enterprise
Credit Institution
Financial Institution
Credit Institution
Financial Institution

8.7
5.0
9.0
6.0
11.8
7.8

547

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report
To Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main

Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the group
management report
Opinions
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, and its
subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated
income statement, consolidated statement of other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the fiscal year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024, and notes to the
financial statements, including material accounting policy information. In addition, we have audited the group
management report of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, which is combined with the management
report of the Bank, for the fiscal year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. In accordance with the German legal
requirements, we have not audited the last paragraph of the section “Risk management principles” (chapter risk report) of
the group management report regarding management’s statement on the risk management framework and internal
control system, the content of the combined Corporate Governance Statement pursuant to Sec. 289f and 315d HGB
which is published on the website stated in the group management report and is part of the group management report
and the content of the non-financial statement pursuant to Sec. 289b and 315d HGB in section “Sustainability Statement”
of the group management report.
In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit,
– the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects, with the IFRS Accounting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) (IFRS Accounting Standards) and adopted
by the EU, and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Sec. 315e (1) HGB and, in
compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2024 and of its financial performance for the fiscal year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024,
and
– the accompanying group management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Group’s position. In all
material respects, this group management report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies
with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. We do
not express an opinion on the last paragraph of the section “Risk management principles” (chapter “risk report”) of the
group management report regarding management’s statement on the risk management framework referred to above
and internal control system referred to above, the content of the combined Corporate Governance Statement referred
to above or the non-financial statement referred to above.
Pursuant to Sec. 322 (3) Sentence 1 HGB, we declare that our audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal
compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the group management report.

Basis for the opinions
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the group management report in accordance with
Sec. 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation (No 537/2014, referred to subsequently as "EU Audit Regulation") and in
compliance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). Our responsibilities under those requirements and
principles are further described in the "Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and
of the group management report" section of our auditor’s report. We are independent of the group entities in accordance
with the requirements of German commercial and professional law, and we have fulfilled our other German professional
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. In addition, in accordance with Art. 10 (2) f) of the EU Audit
Regulation, we declare that we have not provided non-audit services prohibited under Art. 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions on
the consolidated financial statements and on the group management report.

548

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon; we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Below, we describe what we consider to be the key audit matters:

1.

Valuation of level 3 financial instruments and related inputs not quoted in
active markets

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
Management uses valuation techniques to establish the fair value of level 3 financial instruments and related inputs not
quoted in active markets. The Group held level 3 financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value of
EUR 26,281 million and EUR 13,382 million respectively as of 31 December 2024. The relevant financial instruments are
reported within financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, and financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income.
Financial instruments and related inputs that are not quoted in active markets include structured derivatives valued using
complex models; more-complex or illiquid OTC derivatives; distressed debt; highly-structured bonds; illiquid loans,
including those relating to commercial real estate; credit spreads used to determine valuation adjustments; and other
significant inputs which cannot be observed for financial instruments with longer-dated maturities.
As the valuation of level 3 financial instruments and related inputs not quoted in active markets is based to a high degree
on management’s assumptions and judgments due to the complex nature of the valuation techniques and models being
utilized and the unobservability of the significant inputs used, this is a key audit matter.

Auditor’s response
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over
management’s processes to determine fair value of financial instruments and determination of significant unobservable
inputs therein. This includes controls relating to independent price verification; independent validation of valuation
models, including assessment of model limitations; monitoring of valuation model usage; and calculation of fair value
adjustments.
We evaluated the valuation techniques, models and methodologies, and tested the significant inputs used in those models.
We performed an independent revaluation of a sample of derivatives and other financial instruments at fair value that are
not quoted in active markets, using independent models and inputs. We also independently assessed the reasonableness
of a sample of proxy inputs used by comparing to market data sources and evaluated their relevance to the related financial
instruments.
In addition, we evaluated the methodology and inputs used by management in determining fair value adjustments against
the requirements of IFRS 13 and performed recalculations for a sample of these valuation adjustments using our own
independent data and methodology.
We involved internal financial instruments valuation specialists in the procedures related to valuation models, independent
revaluation and fair value adjustments.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the valuation of level 3 financial instruments and related inputs
not quoted in active markets.

Reference to related disclosures
Information on the valuation techniques, models and methodologies used in the measurement of fair value is provided in
notes 1 and 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

549

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

2.

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Inclusion of forward-looking information in the model-based calculation of
expected credit losses

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
As of 31 December 2024, the Group recognized an allowance for credit losses of EUR 6,198 million, with EUR 1,390 million
relating to stage 1 and stage 2 allowances.
The estimated probabilities of default (PD) used in the model-based calculation of expected credit losses on non-defaulted
financial instruments (IFRS 9 stage 1 and stage 2) are based on historical information, combined with current economic
developments and forward-looking macroeconomic forecasts (e.g. gross domestic product and unemployment rates).
Statistical techniques are used to transform the base scenario for future macroeconomic developments into multiple
scenarios. These scenarios are the basis for deriving multi-year PD curves for different rating and counterparty classes,
which are used in the calculation of expected credit losses.
Given the economic uncertainties regarding pronounced movements in interest rates, current geopolitical conflicts and
other sources of volatility impacting macroeconomic variables, the estimation of forward-looking information requires
significant judgment. To reflect these uncertainties, management must assess whether to make adjustments to its
standard process for inclusion of macroeconomic variables into the expected credit loss model and forecasting methods,
either by adjusting the macroeconomic variables or through the inclusion of management overlays.
In view of the significant holdings of non-defaulted financial instruments subject to impairment under IFRS 9 and the
economic uncertainty and significant use of judgment, we consider the inclusion of forward-looking information in the
model-based calculation of expected credit losses, and any adjustments thereof, to be a key audit matter.

Auditor’s response
We obtained an understanding of the processes implemented by management, assessed the design of the controls over
the selection, determination, monitoring and validation of forward-looking information in respect of the requirements
under IFRS 9, and tested their operating effectiveness.
We evaluated management’s review of its expected credit loss model and forecasting methods conducted through the
model validation process. Furthermore, we evaluated the methods used to include the selected variables in the baseline
scenario and the derivation of the multiple scenarios.
We assessed the baseline macroeconomic forecasts by comparing them with macroeconomic forecasts published by
external sources.
We also evaluated the methodology applied by management to determine whether to adjust its standard process for
inclusion of macroeconomic variables or to adjust the model results through management overlays. In doing so, we
assessed the results of management’s sensitivity analysis and compared the macroeconomic variables used to our own
benchmark analysis. We also assessed that the adjustments were included in the calculation of expected credit losses
according to management’s methodology.
To assess the inclusion of forward-looking information in the model-based calculation of expected credit losses, we
involved internal credit risk modelling specialists.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the inclusion of forward-looking information in the modelbased calculation of expected credit losses.

Reference to related disclosures
Information on the inclusion of forward-looking information into the model-based calculation of expected credit losses
and their adjustments for stages 1 and 2 is provided in notes 1 and 19 to the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

550

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

3.

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Expected credit losses for defaulted commercial real estate loans

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
As of 31 December 2024, the Group recognized loan exposures of EUR 36,463 million relating to the non-recourse
commercial real estate loans business with corresponding allowances of EUR 795 million.
Identifying and calculating the expected credit losses for defaulted loan exposures involves various assumptions and
estimation of inputs, particularly regarding the solvency of the borrower, expectations of future cash flows, observable
market prices and expected proceeds from the realization of collateral.
In view of an increase in defaulted loan exposures relating to the commercial real estate business and the economic
uncertainty and significant use of judgment, we consider expected credit losses (ECL) for defaulted commercial real estate
loans as a key audit matter.

Auditor’s response
We obtained an understanding of the processes for identifying and calculating expected credit losses for borrowers in the
commercial real estate loans business. We assessed the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related
to credit risk rating, the application of default criteria and transfer to stage 3 in accordance with IFRS 9 and the calculation
of the expected credit loss.
We evaluated the criteria used by management to determine defaulted loans in accordance with IFRS 9.
For a sample of commercial real estate loans we analyzed the application of default criteria used for ECL-staging. For loans
classified as stage 3 we assessed the significant assumptions concerning the estimated future cash flows from the loan
exposures by assessing the collateral value, the solvency of the borrower and the publicly available market and industry
forecasts. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborates or contradicts management’s forecasted
assumptions. We also tested the arithmetical accuracy of the expected credit loss calculated for defaulted exposures.
We involved internal specialists to assess the valuation of commercial real estate collateral on a sample basis.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the expected credit losses for defaulted commercial real estate
loans.

Reference to related disclosures
Information on the Group’s commercial real estate loans business is included in Note 19 of the notes to the consolidated
financial statements as well as the section titled “Commercial Real Estate” within chapter “Credit Risk Exposure” (“Focus
Areas 2024) of the Risk Report (combined management report), which is an integral part of the consolidated financial
statements.

4.

Measurement of goodwill for the Asset Management cash-generating unit

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
As of 31 December 2024, the Group reported goodwill of EUR 2,963 million that was exclusively allocated to its Asset
Management cash-generating unit (CGU).
For purposes of the impairment test the recoverable amount of the Asset Management CGU is calculated using the
discounted cash flow model. In this context, significant assumptions are made regarding the earnings projections and the
input parameters of the Capital Asset Pricing Model from which the discount rate is derived
As the measurement of goodwill for the Asset Management CGU is based on a high degree of judgment due to the earnings
projections and discount rate contained in the discounted cash flow model this is a key audit matter.

551

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Auditor’s response
We obtained an understanding of the process for preparing the earnings projections and calculating the recoverable
amount of the Asset Management CGU. In this respect, we also obtained an understanding of management’s controls
regarding the earnings projections and the discount rate, assessed the design of such controls and tested their operating
effectiveness.
We analyzed the significant assumptions described above with a focus on significant changes compared with the prior
year. In this regard, we assessed the consistency and reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the discounted
cash flow model by comparing them with external market expectations.
In analyzing the expected future cash flows of the Asset Management CGU, we compared the earnings projections with
the prior fiscal year’s projections and with the actual results achieved and evaluated any significant deviations, also with
their impact for cash flows. Furthermore, we assessed the discount rate by comparing it to a range of externally available
data.
To assess the above assumptions made in the recoverability the Asset Management CGU we involved internal business
valuation specialists.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the measurement of the goodwill for the Asset Management
CGU.

Reference to related disclosures
Information on the measurement of goodwill is provided in notes 1 and 23 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

5.

Recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
As of 31 December 2024, the Group reported net deferred tax assets of EUR 7,249 million.
The recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets is based on the estimation of the ability to utilize unused tax
losses and deductible temporary differences against potential future taxable income. This estimate is based, among others,
on assumptions regarding forecasted operating results based upon the approved business plan.
In light of the use of judgment in estimation of future taxable income and the ability to use tax losses, the recognition and
measurement of deferred tax assets is a key audit matter.

Auditor’s response
We obtained an understanding of the process to determine whether deductible temporary differences and unused tax
losses are identified in different jurisdictions and measured in accordance with the provisions of tax law and rules for
accounting for deferred taxes under IAS 12, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the related
controls.
We tested the assumptions used to develop and allocate elements of the approved business plan as a basis for estimating
the future taxable income of the relevant group companies and tax groups.
Furthermore, we evaluated the recognition of deferred tax assets by analyzing the key assumptions made in estimating
future taxable income. We assessed the estimates made in the forecasted operating results by comparing the underlying
key assumptions with historical and prospective data available externally. We compared the historical forecasts with the
actual results. In addition, we assessed the estimated tax adjustments and we performed sensitivity analyses on the
utilization periods of the respective deferred tax assets.
To assess the assumptions used in the recoverability of the deferred taxes, we involved our tax professionals and internal
business valuation specialists.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the recognition and measurement of the deferred tax assets.

552

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Reference to related disclosures
Information on the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets is provided in notes 1 and 34 of the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

6.

Provisions and contingent liabilities for civil litigation and regulatory
enforcement

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s provisions for civil litigation and regulatory enforcement were EUR 2.1 billion and
contingent liabilities were EUR 0.7 billion.
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to significant litigation risks. The estimates for
recognition and measurement of provisions or disclosure of contingent liabilities are based upon currently available
information and a variety of assumptions and variables.
Significant judgment is required in assessing probability and estimating the amount of an outflow of economic resources
given the inherent uncertainties that exist in civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters.
Due to the significant subjectivity involved in management’s estimate of the probability and amount of outflow of
economic resources for selected civil litigation and regulatory enforcement matters, this is a key audit matter.

Auditor’s response
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls
over the process for recognizing and measuring provisions and disclosing contingent liabilities for civil litigation and
regulatory enforcement.
For a sample of relevant matters, we evaluated management’s assessment of the probability and amount of economic
outflow, including the assumptions and variables considered for each respective matter. These procedures included
inspecting internal and external legal analyses detailing the judgmental aspects subject to legal interpretations. We also
read minutes of key management committee meetings (including the Management Board) as well as related
correspondence, such as court proceedings, settlement agreements, regulatory inquiries and investigation reports. We
obtained correspondence directly from external legal counsel to assess the information provided by management and
performed inquiries with external counsel as necessary.
We involved internal valuation specialists to assess the methodology of relevant matters on which the provision amounts
were determined as well as internal legal specialists to assess, for applicable matters, the probability of an outflow and the
amount of provision recognized.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the completeness and accuracy of provisions for civil litigation
and regulatory enforcement.

Reference to related disclosures
Information on the measurement of legal provisions is provided in Notes 1 and 27 of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

553

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

7.

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

IT Access and Change Management in the financial reporting

Reasons why the matter was determined to be a key audit matter
The accuracy of the Group’s financial reporting is highly dependent on the reliability and the continuity of the used
information technology due to the significant number of transactions that are processed daily.
Given the high dependency on reliable and continuing data processing and given the pervasive nature of IT controls on
the internal control system, we consider IT Access and Change Management in the Group’s financial reporting as a key
audit matter.

Auditor’s response
We assessed the IT control environment including the IT general controls as well as the IT application controls relevant to
the Group’s financial reporting. Our procedures also covered the changes during the year on the current IT control
environment.
Moreover, we tested the operating effectiveness of prevent and detect IT general controls related to user access
management and change management across applications, databases and operating systems. Additionally, we tested IT
application controls over automated data processing, data feeds and interfaces. Our audit procedures related to IT access
management included, but were not limited to, user access provisioning and removal, privileged user access, periodic
access right recertifications, system security settings and user authentication controls.
Our audit procedures related to IT change management included, but were not limited to, evaluating if changes in the
production environment were tested and approved prior to implementation and the ability to deploy changes was
restricted to authorized users.
To assess the IT Access and Change Management in the Group’s financial reporting process, we involved internal
professionals who have particular expertise in the area of IT audits.
Our procedures did not lead to any reservations relating to the IT access and change management in the group’s financial
reporting.

Reference to related disclosures
For a general description of internal controls over the financial reporting, we refer to the combined management report in
section “Internal Control over Financial Reporting”.

Other information
The Supervisory Board is responsible for the Report of the Supervisory Board. The executive and the Supervisory Board are
responsible for the declaration to Sec. 161 AktG [“Aktiengesetz”: German Stock Corporation Act] on the German Corporate
Governance Code, which is part of the combined Corporate Governance Statement as well as for the compensation report
pursuant to Sec. 162 AktG. In all other respects, the executive directors are responsible for the other information. The other
information comprises
– the non-financial statement referred to above,
– the last paragraph of the section risk management principles (chapter “risk report”) of the group management report
regarding management’s statement on the risk management framework and internal control system referred to above,
– the combined Corporate Governance Statement referred to above,

554

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

and other parts to be included in the annual report, of which we obtained a version prior to issuing this auditor’s report, in
particular:
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

Responsibility Statement pursuant to Sec. 297 (2) Sentence 4 HGB in conjunction with Sec. 315 (1) Sentence 6 HGB,
Section "Deutsche Bank – Financial Summary",
Section "Deutsche Bank Group",
Compensation Report,
Section "Corporate Governance Statement according to Sec. 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code ",
Section " Article 8 Tables" and
Section "Supplementary Information",

but not the consolidated financial statements, not the group management report disclosures whose content is audited
and not our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the group management report do not cover the other
information, and consequently we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in so doing, to consider whether the
other information
– is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, with the group management report or our
knowledge obtained in the audit, or
– otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the executive directors and the Supervisory Board for the
consolidated financial statements and the group management report
The executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that comply, in all
material respects, with the IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German
commercial law pursuant to Sec 315e (1) HGB and that the consolidated financial statements, in compliance with these
requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and financial performance of the group.
In addition, the executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they have determined necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e.,
fraudulent financial reporting and misappropriation of assets) or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the executive directors are responsible for assessing the group’s ability
to continue as a going concern. They also have the responsibility for disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern. In addition, they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless
there is an intention to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.
Furthermore, the executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the group management report that, as a whole,
provides an appropriate view of the group’s position and is, in all material respects, consistent with the consolidated
financial statements, complies with German legal requirements, and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of
future development. In addition, the executive directors are responsible for such arrangements and measures (systems) as
they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a group management report that is in accordance with the
applicable German legal requirements, and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the
group management report.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the group’s financial reporting process for the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements and of the group management report.

555

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
and of the group management report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and whether the group management report as a whole provides
an appropriate view of the group’s position and, in all material respects, is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements and the knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal requirements and appropriately
presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as well as to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinions
on the consolidated financial statements and on the group management report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
Sec. 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial
Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) will always detect a material misstatement.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements and this group management report.
We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
– Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements and of the group
management report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. The risk of not detecting a
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
control.
– Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit of the consolidated financial statements and of
arrangements and measures (systems) relevant to the audit of the group management report in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and of such arrangements and measures.
– Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the executive directors and the reasonableness of
estimates made by the executive directors and related disclosures.
– Conclude on the appropriateness of the executive directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
we are required to draw attention in the auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements and in the group management report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our respective
opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to be able to continue as a going concern.
– Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements present the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position
and financial performance of the group in compliance with the IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU and
the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Sec. 315e (1) HGB.
– Plan and perform the audit of the consolidated financial statements to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the group to express opinions on the
consolidated financial statements and on the group management report. We are responsible for the direction,
supervision and review of the work performed for the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our opinions.
– Evaluate the consistency of the group management report with the consolidated financial statements, its conformity
with [German] law, and the view of the group’s position it provides.
– Perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the executive directors in the group
management report. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit evidence we evaluate, in particular, the significant
assumptions used by the executive directors as a basis for the prospective information, and evaluate the proper
derivation of the prospective information from these assumptions. We do not express a separate opinion on the
prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future
events will differ materially from the prospective information.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

556

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the relevant independence
requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter.

Other legal and regulatory requirements
Report on the assurance on the electronic rendering of the consolidated financial
statements and the group management report prepared for publication purposes
in accordance with Sec. 317 (3a) HGB
Opinion
We have performed assurance work in accordance with Sec. 317 (3a) HGB to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the group management report (hereinafter the “ESEF
documents”) contained in Deutsche_Bank_AG_KA+KLB_ESEF-2024-12-31.zip and prepared for publication purposes
complies in all material respects with the requirements of Sec. 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format (“ESEF
format”). In accordance with German legal requirements, this assurance work extends only to the conversion of the
information contained in the consolidated financial statements and the group management report into the ESEF format
and therefore relates neither to the information contained within these renderings nor to any other information contained
in the file identified above.
In our opinion, the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the group management report contained in the
file identified above and prepared for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of Sec.
328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format. Beyond this assurance opinion and our audit opinions on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying group management report for the fiscal year from
1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 contained in the “Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements and
of the group management report” above, we do not express any assurance opinion on the information contained within
these renderings or on the other information contained in the file identified above.

Basis for the opinion
We conducted our assurance work on the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the group management
report contained in the file identified above in accordance with Sec. 317 (3a) HGB and the IDW Assurance Standard:
Assurance on the Electronic Rendering of Financial Statements and Management Reports Prepared for Publication
Purposes in Accordance with Sec. 317 (3a) HGB (IDW AsS 410) (06.2022) and the International Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 (Revised). Our responsibility in accordance therewith is further described in the “Group auditor’s
responsibilities for the assurance work on the ESEF documents” section. Our audit firm applies the IDW Standard on Quality
Management 1: Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QMS 1(09.2022)).

Responsibilities of the executive directors and the Supervisory Board for the
ESEF documents
The executive directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the ESEF documents including the
electronic rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the group management report in accordance with
Sec. 328 (1) Sentence 4 No. 1 HGB and for the tagging of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with
Sec. 328 (1) Sentence 4 No. 2 HGB.
In addition, the executive directors of the Company are responsible for such internal control as they have determined
necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free from material intentional or unintentional noncompliance with the requirements of Sec. 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process for preparing the ESEF documents as part of the financial
reporting process.

557

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Independent auditor’s report

Group auditor’s responsibilities for the assurance work on the ESEF documents
Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or
unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Sec. 328 (1) HGB. We exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the assurance work. We also:
– Identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of
Sec. 328 (1) HGB, design and perform assurance procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain assurance evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our assurance opinion.
– Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the assurance on the ESEF documents in order to design
assurance procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance
opinion on the effectiveness of these controls.
– Evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e., whether the file containing the ESEF documents meets the
requirements of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, in the version in force at the date of the financial
statements, on the technical specification for this file.
– Evaluate whether the ESEF documents enable an XHTML rendering with content equivalent to the audited consolidated
financial statements and to the audited group management report.
– Evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline XBRL technology (iXBRL) in accordance with the
requirements of Arts. 4 and 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, in the version in force at the date of
the financial statements, enables an appropriate and complete machine-readable XBRL copy of the XHTML rendering.

Further information pursuant to Art. 10 of the EU Audit Regulation
We were elected as group auditor by the Annual General Meeting on 16 May 2024. We were engaged by the Supervisory
Board on 30 June 2024. We have been the group auditor of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft without interruption since
fiscal year 2020.
We declare that the opinions expressed in this auditor’s report are consistent with the additional report to the Audit
Committee pursuant to Art. 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (long-form audit report).

Other matter – use of the auditor’s report
Our auditor’s report must always be read together with the audited consolidated financial statements and the audited
group management report as well as the assured ESEF documents. The consolidated financial statements and the group
management report converted to the ESEF format – including the versions to be published in the Unternehmensregister
[German Company Register] – are merely electronic renderings of the audited consolidated financial statements and the
audited group management report and do not take their place. In particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion
contained therein are to be used solely together with the assured ESEF documents made available in electronic form.

German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement
The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Mr. Holger Lösken.
Eschborn/Frankfurt am Main, 10 March 2025
EY GmbH & Co. KG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Lösken
Wirtschaftsprüfer
[German Public Auditor]

Mai
Wirtschaftsprüfer
[German Public Auditor]

558

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Confirmations
Responsibility Statement by the Management Board

Responsibility Statement by the Management Board
To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles, the consolidated financial
statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Group and the Group
management report, which has been combined with the management report for Deutsche Bank AG, includes a fair review
of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group, together with a description of the
principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of the Group.

Frankfurt am Main, March 6, 2025

Christian Sewing

James von Moltke

Fabrizio Campelli

Bernd Leukert

Alexander von zur Mühlen

Laura Padovani

Claudio de Sanctis

Rebecca Short

Stefan Simon

Olivier Vigneron

559

3

Compensation Report

561

Introduction

561

Compensation Report
for the Management Board
and the Supervisory Board

561

Employee Compensation Report

562

Compensation of the
Management Board

562
566
567

568
570
570
570

572

Application of the compensation
system in the financial year

572

572
577
581
581

582

Executive Summary
Responsibility and procedures for
setting and reviewing Management
Board compensation
Guiding principle: Alignment of
Management Board compensation to
corporate strategy
Structure of the Management Board
compensation system
Compensation components and
structure
Compensation caps
Deferrals and holding periods

Target and maximum amounts of base
salary and variable compensation
Short-Term Incentive (STI) 2024
Long-Term Incentive (LTI) 2024 to 2026
Benefits upon regular contract
termination
Deviations from the compensation
system

Management Board compensation 2024

582
585

Current Management Board members
Former members of the
Management Board

586

Outlook for the 2025 financial year
586
586

588

Compensation of members of the
Supervisory Board

590

593
596

Supervisory Board Compensation for
the 2024 and 2023 financial years

Comparative presentation of
compensation and earnings trends
Independent auditor’s report

596
596
596
597

598

Total target compensation and
maximum compensation
2025 objective structure and targets

Responsibilities of the executive
directors and the supervisory board
Auditor’s responsibility
Opinion
Other matter – formal audit
of the remuneration report

Compensation of the employees
(unaudited)

598
599
600
601
602
603
604
605
606
608

Regulatory environment
Compensation governance
Compensation and Benefits Strategy
Group Compensation Framework
Employee groups with specific
compensation structures
Determination of performance-based
variable compensation
Variable compensation structure
Ex-post risk adjustment of variable
compensation
Compensation decisions for 2024
Material Risk Taker compensation
disclosure

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Introduction
Compensation Report for the Management Board and the Supervisory Board

Introduction
The Compensation Report for the year 2024 provides detailed information on compensation in Deutsche Bank Group.

Compensation Report for the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board
The Compensation Report for the 2024 financial year was prepared jointly by the Management Board and the Supervisory
Board of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (hereinafter: Deutsche Bank AG or the bank).
The Compensation Report fulfills the current legal and regulatory requirements, in particular of Section 162 of the German
Stock Corporation Act and the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions (Institutsvergütungsverordnung) and takes into
account the recommendations set out in the German Corporate Governance Code. It is also in compliance with the
applicable requirements of the accounting rules for capital market-oriented companies (German Commercial Code),
International Financial Reporting Standards as well as the guidelines issued by the working group “Guidelines for
Sustainable Management Board Remuneration Systems”.

Employee Compensation Report
This part of the compensation report discloses information with regard to the compensation system and structure that
applies to the employees in Deutsche Bank Group. The report provides details on the Group Compensation Framework,
and it outlines the decisions on variable compensation for 2024. Furthermore, this part contains quantitative disclosures
specific to employees identified as Material Risk Takers (`MRT´s) in accordance with the Remuneration Ordinance for
Institutions.

561

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Executive Summary

Compensation of the Management Board
Executive Summary
Over the past five and a half years, Deutsche Bank has made further progress on its transformation into a robust, resilient,
and profitable institution with a clear strategy focused on delivering the best outcomes for its clients. Since July 2019,
progress has been made to fundamentally reshape the bank. In 2024, Deutsche Bank advanced its Global Hausbank
strategy, achieving revenue growth, operational as well as capital efficiency. The bank continued to expand its business
while controlling adjusted costs and investing in its platform. It also resolved key legacy litigation matters and put
exceptional items behind it.
Net revenues grew to € 30.1 billion in 2024, up from € 28.9 billion, or 4% versus 2023, in line with the bank’s guidance of
around € 30 billion for 2024. Compound annual revenue growth since 2021 was 5.8% through the end of 2024, compared
to 6.6% in 2023, in line with the bank’s target range of 5.5% to 6.5%. In 2025, Deutsche Bank expects continued growth
across all business areas, driven by net interest and noninterest income. The bank maintains its revenue goal of
approximately € 32 billion, with potential upside from currency translation effects.
Noninterest expenses in 2024 were € 23.0 billion, up 6% from the prior year, including € 2.6 billion in nonoperating costs
for litigation, restructuring and severance. Adjusted costs declined to € 20.4 billion from € 20.6 billion in 2023. In terms of
operational efficiency, Deutsche Bank made further progress on its € 2.5 billion operational efficiency program during
2024. Measures included the optimization of the bank’s platform in Germany, workforce reductions, notably in non-clientfacing roles, IT and infrastructure optimization along with a continued automation of front-to-back processes. The bank
expects the large majority of these measures to positively impact the adjusted cost run-rate in 2025. However, as
investments continue, the overall adjusted costs in 2025 are expected to remain essentially flat compared to the previous
year. The bank anticipates a cost/income ratio of below 65% by the end of 2025, reset from below 62.5%. Nevertheless,
maintaining cost discipline remains a top priority.
The capital efficiency program reduced risk-weighted assets by € 24 billion, close to the € 25-30 billion target by 2025.
The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio stood at 13.8%, which includes the € 750 million share repurchases authorized for
2025. The bank plans to maintain progress on capital efficiencies in 2025.
Deutsche Bank announced € 2.1 billion in shareholder distributions for 2025, including € 750 million in share buybacks and
€ 1.3 billion in dividends (€ 0.68 per share), up 50% from € 0.45 per share for 2023. Total shareholder distributions since
2022 reached € 5.4 billion, exceeding the € 5 billion goal in the bank’s transformation program launched in 2019. The bank
aims to surpass € 8 billion in total distributions for 2021-2025, paid out in the years 2022 to 2026, and to also maintain a
50% payout ratio beyond 2025.

Compensation Report 2023
The Compensation Report 2023 for members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank as
published on March 14, 2024, was submitted to the General Meeting on May 16, 2024, for approval in accordance with
Section 120a (4) of the German Stock Corporation Act. The General Meeting approved the Compensation Report with a
majority of 86.81%.

Changes on the Management Board and Compensation Decisions in 2024
With effect from July 2024, the Management Board consisted of 10 members. The role of a Chief Compliance and AntiFinancial Crime (AFC) Officer created by the Supervisory Board is expected to further strengthen the bank’s control
environment and place an even greater focus on remediation activities to combat financial crime. With the appointment
of Laura Padovani to this role on the Management Board, the proportion of women has increased to 20%.
Starting from 2024 with a simplified Management Board compensation system, the Supervisory Board considers
Management Board members’ compensation more individually than in the past, based on an external benchmarking for
the respective role and scope of responsibility, with the aim of bringing target compensation amounts into line with
responsibilities. This approach consequently reflects its pay-for-performance philosophy.

562

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Executive Summary

All compensation decisions are subject to the boundaries of multiple regulatory requirements. In this regard, Management
Board compensation and the pay-out schedules of variable compensation components are limited in several ways. Due to
the requirements of Section 25a (5) of the German Banking Act and in accordance with the decision of the General Meeting
in May 2014, the ratio of fixed to variable compensation is generally limited to 1:2 (cap rule). In order to be in the position
to offer competitive compensation in banking and to be successful in attracting and retaining the best leaders for the bank,
the fixed compensation of Deutsche Bank Management Board members therefore tends to be higher relative to other DAX
companies that are not subject to banking-specific regulation and that have variable compensation that can be a higher
multiple of fixed pay.
The Supervisory Board reviews the compensation levels of the members of the Management Board annually and regularly
engages external compensation advisors to support the review and obtain information on market practice, while assuring
that these advisors are independent from the Management Board and Deutsche Bank. The Supervisory Board considers
the international environment in which Deutsche Bank’s Management Board members need to operate as crucial.
Therefore, universal and investment banks are seen as the most relevant peer group. Thus, target compensation levels
need to be aligned with top performers in this market in order to find suitable candidates.
When making compensation decisions, the Supervisory Board considers stakeholders’ views very carefully. Extraordinary
aspects need to be taken into account in this, such as the need to ensure the retention of existing Management Board
members, the complex profiles with dual or even multiple responsibilities that are seen as necessary for Deutsche Bank’s
continued business success (market access, experience, etc.) as well as the fact that due to regulatory requirements the
fixed base salary at Deutsche Bank needs to be comparatively higher than at global bank´s since the Bank’s variable
compensation has a higher risk profile driven by the long-term horizon, due to a strict link to share price performance and
multi-year payout scheme. Also, only few international banks have explicit target compensation structures, therefore
market benchmarks are based on actual compensation levels. These are only comparable to a limited extent. Taking all
these aspects into account the Supervisory Board made the following compensation decisions in 2024:
A benchmarking study commissioned by the Supervisory Board revealed that the compensation level differentiation
between ordinary Management Board members and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is lower at Deutsche Bank than at
peers. In order to maintain an appropriate distance from the compensation level of ordinary Management Board members
as well as employees at the level below the Management Board and taking into account Christian Sewing’s successful
stewardship during his term of office since 2015, the Supervisory Board decided to increase his total target compensation
to an overall target compensation of € 9.8 million p.a. This represents an increase of 5.37% (increase of fixed pay by 5.55%)
with effect from April 1, 2024.
The Supervisory Board also reviewed the compensation of the other members of the Management Board. As a result, the
compensation of Claudio de Sanctis was adjusted with effect from January 1, 2024, taking into account his responsibilities
and thorough insights into relevant market dynamics and client dynamics. Since his appointment he has consequently
steered the Private Bank’s transformation to position the business for future success. The Supervisory Board decided on
an appropriate increase, within an internationally comparable range, to an overall target compensation of € 8.4 million p.a.,
which represents an increase of 6.32% (increase of fixed pay by 6.66%).
Over the last years, Deutsche Bank has invested substantially in strengthening its control environment and remediation
activities. To further improve the resilience of the bank’s controls and to start further alignment of first, second and third
lines of defense to foster better ownership, processes and efficiency, the Supervisory Board created a new role at the
Management Board level.
Laura Padovani was appointed to the Management Board as Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) Officer with
effect from July 1, 2024. The overall target compensation for Laura Padovani was determined by the Supervisory Board
after conducting a benchmarking with the support of an independent, external compensation advisor. The analysis took
into account compensation levels for this specific role at comparable companies (global and European banks as well as
DAX-40 companies). On the basis of the results of this analysis, Laura Padovani’s compensation was determined in line with
market practices and reflects the Supervisory Board’s approach to set compensation levels more individually, considering
the scope of the role and responsibility. A target compensation of € 2.975 million p.a. was considered appropriate,
comprising base salary (€ 1.750 million p.a.) and target variable compensation (€ 1.225 million p.a.). The Supervisory Board
will review the compensation decision in due course.

563

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Executive Summary

New Compensation System 2024
The new compensation system for members of the Management Board was amended by the Supervisory Board with effect
from January 1, 2024. It was submitted to the General Meeting on May 16, 2024, for approval in accordance with Section
120a (1) of the German Stock Corporation Act. The General Meeting approved the compensation system with a majority
of 97.32%.
Following the approval of the new compensation system by the General Meeting, the Supervisory Board implemented it
accordingly in the new service contracts for all currently appointed members of the Management Board. The new contracts
apply with effect from January 1, 2024, or upon joining the Management Board.
The new system features a simplified structure and increased transparency and ensures a stronger alignment of
Management Board incentives to the performance versus financial targets. The main improvements compared to the
previous compensation system are:
– Lean compensation structure leading to appropriate outcomes and providing transparency.
– Significant reduction of the number of objectives from up to 70 to approximately 8 Key Performance Indicators.
– A three-year forward-looking assessment period for the performance measurement of the Long-Term Incentive (LTI)
instead of consideration of past performance.
– Strengthening the pay-for-performance alignment of Deutsche Bank’s compensation due to a more ambitious
achievement curve for one of the Long-Term Incentive (LTI) objectives, the Relative Total Shareholder Return: Deutsche
Bank must outperform 50% of the companies in the peer group to allow for a payout.
– Reduced complexity of the deferral and holding periods scheme.
– Increased market alignment and function-related compensation practice as well as harmonization of further
contractual agreements of the newly appointed Management Board member’s compensation, e.g., pension plan,
shareholding guidelines and severance benefits.
The following chart gives an overview of the new compensation system, displaying the Short-Term Incentive (STI) and
Long-Term Incentive (LTI) metrics with their respective weightings as well as the payout scheme and additional provisions:

564

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Executive Summary

Overview Compensation Year 2024
The new compensation system stipulates that the Short-Term Incentive is determined after one year, while the Long-Term
Incentive is only determined after an assessment period of three years. As this is the first year after introduction, it is only
possible to report the achievement levels for the short-term objectives. The chart below shows an overview of the range
of Management Board members’ achievements, highlighting the results of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief
Financial Officer (CFO).

565

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Principles governing the determination of compensation

Principles governing the determination of compensation
Responsibility and procedures for setting and reviewing Management Board
compensation
The Supervisory Board is responsible for the decisions on the design of the compensation system as well as for setting the
individual compensation amounts and procedures for awarding the compensation. The Compensation Control Committee
supports the Supervisory Board in its tasks and prepares proposals for resolutions by the Supervisory Board.
On the basis of the approved compensation system, the Supervisory Board sets the target total compensation for each
Management Board member for the respective financial year, while taking into account the scope and complexity of the
respective Management Board member’s functional responsibilities, the length of service of the Management Board
member on the Management Board as well as the company’s financial situation. In the process, the Supervisory Board also
considers the customary market compensation, also based on both horizontal and vertical comparisons, and sets the upper
limit for total compensation (maximum compensation).

Horizontal appropriateness of Management Board compensation
Through the horizontal comparison, the Supervisory Board ensures that the total target compensation is appropriate in
relation to the tasks and achievements of the Management Board as well as the company’s situation. The horizontal
appropriateness is reviewed annually by the Supervisory Board which regularly engages external compensation advisors
for this review, while assuring itself that these advisors are independent from the Management Board and Deutsche Bank.
The Supervisory Board takes the results of the review into consideration when setting the target compensation for the
Management Board members. In this context, the compensation amount level and structure, in particular, are examined at
comparable companies (peer groups). Suitable companies in consideration of Deutsche Bank’s market position (in
particular with regard to business sector, size and country) are used as the basis for this comparison. The assessment of
horizontal appropriateness takes place in comparison with the following three peer groups:

Vertical appropriateness
The Supervisory Board also considers a vertical comparison, which compares the compensation of the Management Board
and the compensation of the workforce. Within the vertical comparison, the Supervisory Board considers in particular, in
accordance with the German Corporate Governance Code, the development of compensation over time. This involves a
comparison of the Management Board compensation and the compensation of two groups of employees. Taken into
account are, on the one hand, the compensation of the senior management, which comprises the first management level
below the Management Board and members of the top executive committees of the divisions as well as the management
board members of significant institutions within Deutsche Bank Group and their corresponding first management level
positions with management responsibility. The Management Board compensation is also compared to, on the other hand,
the compensation of all other employees of Deutsche Bank Group worldwide (tariff and non-tariff employees).

566

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Principles governing the determination of compensation

Guiding principle: Alignment of Management Board compensation to corporate
strategy
Deutsche Bank is dedicated to its clients’ lasting success and financial security at home and abroad. The bank offers its
clients solutions and provides an active contribution to foster the creation of value. Deutsche Bank is committed to a
corporate culture that appropriately aligns risks and returns.
In the interests of the shareholders, the Management Board compensation system is aligned to the business strategy as
well as the sustainable and long-term development of Deutsche Bank and provides suitable incentives for a consistent
achievement of the set targets. Through the composition of total compensation comprising fixed and variable
compensation components, through the assessment of performance over short-term and long-term periods and through
the consideration of relevant, challenging performance parameters, the implementation of the Group strategy and the
alignment with the sustainable and long-term performance of the Group are rewarded in a clear and understandable
manner. The structure of the targets and objectives therefore comprises a balanced mix of both financial and non-financial
parameters and indicators.
In late January 2025, Deutsche Bank confirmed its strategic goals for the Group in 2025. The organization aims to prove
itself and lay the foundation for becoming the European Champion. With a clear vision, a strong model as Global Hausbank,
and a highly skilled team, Deutsche Bank is well-positioned to achieve long-term success. A key factor in this journey is the
alignment of the Management Boards compensation to the company´s strategic priorities.

By aligning Management Board compensation with these strategic priorities, the organization reinforces its
commitment to sustainable growth, operational excellence, and long-term stakeholder value.
Through the structuring of the compensation system, the variable compensation of the members of the Management
Board is closely aligned with the targets and objectives linked to Deutsche Bank’s strategy and priorities, when working
individually and as a team continually towards the long-term positive development of Deutsche Bank without taking on
disproportionately high risks. The Supervisory Board thus ensures there is always a strong link between compensation and
performance in line with shareholder interests (“pay for performance”).

567

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Principles governing the determination of compensation

Structure of the Management Board compensation system aligned with
compensation principles
The compensation system consists of fixed and variable compensation components. The fixed compensation and variable
compensation together form the total compensation for a Management Board member. The Supervisory Board defines
target and maximum amounts (caps) for all compensation components.
Component
Fixed Compensation
Base salary

Principle

Implementation
Monthly payment; annual base salary of
between € 1.75 million and € 3.8 million

Fringe benefits

The base salary rewards the Management Board
member for performing the respective role and
responsibilities. This fixed compensation component
is intended to ensure a fair and market-oriented
income and to ensure that undue risks are avoided.
Management Board members can be granted fringe
benefits according to the Management Board Fringe
Benefits Guideline resolved by the Supervisory
Board.

Company car and driver services as well,
if applicable, moving expenses, housing
allowance, insurance premiums and
reimbursement of business
representation expenses.
Management Board members receive contributions
-Defined contribution system: annual
to their company pension scheme in accordance with contribution of € 650,000 p.a.; interest
the regulations laid down in the Management Board accrues at an average rate of 2% p.a.,
members service contracts.
4% p.a. for legacy entitlements
-New Management Board members:
pension allowance in cash; CEO
€ 650,000 p.a. and other Management Board
members € 450,000 p.a.

Pension/pension allowance

Variable Compensation
Short-Term Incentive (STI)

Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

Further aspects
Compensation caps

Backtesting, malus
and clawback

The Short-Term Incentive (STI) rewards the individual
value contribution of each member of the
Management Board to achieving short- and mediumterm objectives in accordance with the corporate
strategy. The STI objectives are tailored to the role
and responsibilities of the respective Management
Board member and the level of achievement can be
individually influenced by the Management Board
member.

-Short-Term Incentive (STI) assessed after one year
-Target achievement based on annual
performance assessment of a
maximum of 5 objectives with balanced
weightings between financial,
sustainability and individual objectives.
Maximum achievement level: 150%
-Payout: 50% in cash after the 1-year
assessment period and 50% equitybased, this portion is also paid out in cash after an
additional holding period of 1 year
The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) is largely based on a
-Long-Term Incentive (LTI) assessed after 3 years
sustainable increase in the value of the bank. The
-Target achievement based on performance
Relative Total Shareholder Return (RTSR) builds a
assessment of 4 LTI objectives with flexible
constant metric within the framework that promotes weightings: Group financials (e.g., Return on Tangible
the linking of shareholder interests with those of the Equity (RoTE), growth in Tangible Book Value Per
Management Board members. Other stakeholder
Share (TBVPS)), Relative Total Shareholder Return
aspects are taken into account by defining
(RTSR) and Environmental, Social and Governance
strategically material financial Key Performance
(ESG) objectives over a forward-looking assessment
Indicators (KPIs) as well as material sustainability
period of 3 years.
targets. Their achievement forms the basis for the
Maximum achievement level: 150%
final review at the end of the 3-year performance
-Initially allocated as a target cash amount
period. The Supervisory Board placed the primary
-Conversion into equity-based instruments (virtual
focus on the deferred compensation component by shares) after first year of performance period
setting the LTI at 60% of the total variable target
-Final determination of number of equity-based units
compensation. In order to appropriately reflect the
at the end of three-year performance period
importance of long-term corporate development in
-Full disposal of LTI after 9 years: delivered in five
the Management Board’s compensation, 100% of the equal, consecutive installments, starting one year
LTI is shared-based.
after the assessment period and each with an
additional holding period of one year
In accordance with Section 87a German Stock
-Maximum compensation of € 12 million according to
Corporation Act, the Supervisory Board sets an upper Section 87a German Stock Corporation Act for each
limit for the amount of compensation. If the
Management Board member
compensation for a financial year exceeds this
- Maximum ratio of fixed to variable compensation:
amount, compliance with the maximum limit is
1:2
ensured by a corresponding reduction in the
payment of the variable compensation.
To ensure the sustainable development of the bank
-Regular review if results achieved in the past are
and to avoid taking inappropriate risks, the payment sustainable (backtesting)
of variable compensation may be restricted or
-Variable compensation in deferral period may be
cancelled. The Supervisory Board has the option of
(partially) forfeited in the event of negative Group
withholding (malus) or reclaiming (clawback) all or
results, in the event specific solvency or liquidity
part of the short-term and long-term variable
conditions are not met, individual misconduct,
compensation in the event of gross misconduct or
dismissal for cause or negative individual
misrepresentation in financial reporting.
contributions to performance (malus)

568

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Principles governing the determination of compensation

Component

Principle

Shareholding guideline

The members of the Management Board are obliged
to build up a holding of Deutsche Bank shares within
4 years. The shares must be held for the entire
duration of the appointment. If the base salary is
increased, the obligation to hold shares increases
accordingly.

Implementation
-Variable compensation already paid might be
reclaimed in accordance with
Sections 18 (5) and 20 (6) of the Remuneration
Ordinance for Institutions
-Build-up period of 4 years
-CEO – 200% of annual gross base salary and other
Management Board members 100% of annual gross
base salary
-Shares to be held for the duration of the
appointment

Detailed information on the compensation system for members of the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG is
available on the company’s website: https://agm.db.com/files/documents/2024/AGM-2024-Compensation-system.pdf.

569

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Principles governing the determination of compensation

Compensation components and structure
The Supervisory Board sets a target compensation for each Management Board member. In accordance with the
recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code, the Supervisory Board also determines the ratio of fixed
compensation to variable compensation as well as the ratio of short to long-term variable compensation. In this way, the
Supervisory Board ensures that performance-based compensation, which is linked to achieving long-term targets, exceeds
the portion of short-term targets.

Compensation caps
The compensation of the Management Board members is limited (capped) in several ways:
– Cap 1 – the maximum possible achievement levels for the Short-Term Incentive objectives and Long-Term Incentive
objectives are limited to 150% of the respective target values
– Cap 2 – based on the Capital Requirements Directive 4 and as approved by the General Meeting in May 2014, the
maximum ratio of fixed to variable compensation is limited to 1:2
– Cap 3 – in accordance with Section 87a (1) sentence 2 No. 1 of the Stock Corporation Act, the Supervisory Board sets
a maximum limit (maximum compensation) amounting to € 12 million uniformly for all Management Board members.
This cap comprises not only the base salary, Short-Term Incentive (STI) and Long-Term Incentive (LTI), but also the
pension service costs for the company pension plan or pension allowances and fringe benefits.

Deferrals and holding periods
The Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions generally stipulates a three-year assessment period for the determination of
the variable compensation for management board members. The bank complies with this requirement by assessing each
of the objectives of the Long-Term Incentive (LTI) over a three-year period. In addition, variable compensation is granted
predominantly as equity-based instruments to achieve an even stronger alignment of the Management Board members’
compensation to the bank’s performance and its share price. After vesting, the equity-based instruments are also subject
to an additional holding period of one year. Accordingly, the Management Board members are not permitted to fully
dispose of the equity-based instruments until the respective holding period has ended. During the deferral and holding
periods, the value of the equity-based instruments is linked to the performance of Deutsche Bank shares and is therefore
tied to the sustained performance of the bank.
Half of the Short-Term Incentive (STI) is paid out directly after the one-year assessment period in cash, and the other half
is granted as equity-based instruments with an additional holding period of one year, after which it is also paid out in cash.
The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) is entirely granted in the form of equity-based instruments that are distributed, starting one
year after the three-year assessment period, through five equal, consecutive installments, each with an additional holding
period of one year. In total, the full LTI payout amount is available for disposal after nine years, but still subject to clawback
conditions for an additional period of one year. The chart below illustrates the assessment and deferral periods up to the
end of the clawback period.

570

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Principles governing the determination of compensation

Holders of specific functions at certain Deutsche Bank U.S. entities are required by applicable regulation to be
compensated under different plans. Restricted compensation for these persons consists of restricted share awards and
restricted cash awards. The recipient becomes the beneficial owner of the awards as of the Award Date and the awards
are held on the recipient’s behalf. These awards are restricted for a period of time (subject to the applicable plan rules and
award statements, including performance conditions and forfeiture provisions). The restriction period is aligned to the
holding periods applicable to Deutsche Bank’s usual deferred awards. With regard to the Management Board, these rules
only apply to Stefan Simon due to his role as CEO of Deutsche Bank USA Corp.
If a member of the Management Board is identified as a “Senior Management Function” (SMF) holder by the Prudential
Regulation Authority in the UK, specific deferral provisions under UK regulations, in principle, apply. Fabrizio Campelli was
identified as a SMF holder for variable compensation purposes due to his oversight responsibility for the UK region. It was
agreed with the PRA that the proportion of the variable compensation which corresponds to the time spent for this regional
oversight responsibility is subject to the deferral provisions under UK regulation. Therefore, 10% of his variable
compensation for 2024 Short-Term Incentive (STI) is deferred in line with the UK regulation, i.e., 4% of the STI is granted in
cash and 6% is granted in Restricted Equity Awards (REAs) and vests in 5 equal tranches in year 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 following
the grant date. After vesting, each tranche is subject to an additional holding period of one year.
In its meeting on July 25, 2024, the Supervisory Board decided to grant an amount corresponding to the dividend
distributed to shareholders of € 0.45 per share to Management Board members with equity-based deferred compensation
awards that were in the holding period at the time of the General Meeting 2024. Dividend equivalents are payments that
mirror dividend payments to shareholders and are often granted under share-based compensation programs. The granted
dividend awards are calculated based on the dividend paid per Deutsche Bank share multiplied by the number of Deutsche
Bank share units subject to the holding requirement (a fixed EUR value) and subject to the same provisions as the
underlying award, including but not limited to suspension, forfeiture or clawback.
The decision to grant a dividend equivalent was made by the Supervisory Board against the backdrop that the deferred
compensation components are already to be attributed to the Management Board members economically after the end
of the five-year deferral period (vesting). The Management Board members are the economic owners of the share-based
compensation with effect from the vesting. However, the vested share-based compensation is subject to an additional
holding period of one year as required by the European Banking Authority (EBA) guidelines (EBA Guidelines on Sound
Remuneration Policies) applicable to financial institutions. The Bank is allowed to transfer shares to the Management Board
members already after the vesting but decided to wait until the end of the additional holding period as they are still subject
to suspension and forfeiture provisions. As this procedure leads to an economic disadvantage for the Management Board
members, the plan rules for share-based compensation and the service contracts provide the possibility of an equivalent
payment per share if a dividend is paid on Deutsche Bank shares during their holding period. This practice is in line with all
regulatory requirements and market practice. Under the EBA Guidelines specified above, these dividend equivalents are
not considered to be variable compensation as the value is determined by reference to the shares which are fully vested
and economically attributable to the Management Board members. Therefore, no approval by the General Meeting is
required for their granting.

571

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Application of the compensation system in the financial year
Target and maximum amounts of base salary and variable compensation
in €

Chief Executive Officer1
Target value
Maximum value
President, CFO and responsible for Asset Management
Target value
Maximum value
Head of Corporate Bank and Investment Bank
Target value
Maximum value
Head of Private Bank1
Target value
Maximum value
Chief Technology, Data and Innovation Officer
Target value
Maximum
CEO Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East & Africa and
Germany
Target value
Maximum
Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime Officer1
Target value
Maximum value
Chief Operating Officer
Target value
Maximum
Chief Executive Officer Americas and Chief Legal Officer
Target value
Maximum
Chief Risk Officer
Target value
Maximum
1
2
3

2024

2023

Base
salary

Short-Term
Incentive

Long-Term
Incentive

Total
compensation2

Total
compensation3

3,800,000

2,400,000

3,600,000

9,800,000
12,000,000

9,300,000
9,850,000

3,200,000

2,040,000

3,060,000

8,300,000
10,850,000

8,300,000
9,850,000

3,400,000

2,160,000

3,240,000

8,800,000
11,500,000

8,800,000
9,850,000

3,200,000

2,080,000

3,120,000

8,400,000
11,000,000

7,900,000
9,850,000

2,400,000

1,640,000

2,460,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

2,400,000

1,640,000

2,460,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

1,750,000

490,000

735,000

2,975,000
3,500,000

−
−

2,400,000

1,640,000

2,460,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

2,400,000

1,640,000

2,460,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

2,400,000

1,640,000

2,460,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

6,500,000
8,550,000

For further details on compensation decision, please refer to the “Executive Summary” of this report.
Maximum upper limit in accordance with Section 87a (1) sentence 2 No. 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act.
Limit equivalent to the upper limit set by the Supervisory Board for the maximum total amount of base salary and variable compensation.

Short-Term Incentive (STI) 2024
The Supervisory Board sets short-term individual and business division-related objectives for each member of the
Management Board at the beginning of the year. The weightings of each of these objectives as well as relevant
quantitatively or qualitatively measurable performance criteria for their assessment are defined as well. The objectives
were chosen so that they are challenging, ambitious and sufficiently concrete to ensure there is an appropriate alignment
of performance and compensation and that the “pay-for-performance” principle is considered. For each quantitative
objective the Supervisory Board defined a minimum threshold, a target and a maximum performance level. If the minimum
threshold is not achieved, the achievement level corresponds to 0%.
For each qualitative objective and behavior objective, the Supervisory Board specified individual measurement criteria that
will be evaluated overall.
For one of the banks central focus goals, i.e., the remediation of regulatory findings and control improvements, which each
Management Board member received as an objective aligned to their individual responsibilities, target achievement was
measured by the extent to which the issues within the area of responsibility were prioritized and the necessary resources
were made available. Quantitatively measurable successes in this context were also taken into account, such as the
percentage reduction in regulatory findings compared to the previous year.

572

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Another goal of high and therefore universal importance for all Management Board members in 2024 was the introduction
of the framework “This is Deutsche Bank” connecting the purpose, vision, strategy, culture and claim of Deutsche Bank.
The measurement criterion for determining the individual achievement of sub-objectives in this core objective was the
extent to which there were visible and therefore measurable activation efforts on the part of the respective Management
Board member (number of workshops, town halls, meetings, etc.) and thus the role model function for the new culture of
aspiration was proactively brought to life by the Management Board member. In addition, the results of regularly
conducted employee surveys in the individual Management Board divisions, which reflect the performance and
acceptance of the new culture “This is Deutsche Bank” over time, were an important indicator of the degree of target
achievement.
The following overview shows the objectives as well as the achievement levels as determined by the Supervisory Board for
each Management Board member.

Management Board Member

Christian Sewing

James von Moltke

Weighting
(in %)

Group adjusted costs
Group revenues
Further evolve and deliver on Group strategy
Drive regulatory remediation and control enhancements
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

103.30%

25.0%
25.0%
15.0%

Group adjusted costs
Group revenues
Drive key measures underpinning further Group-level strategic evolvement with
particular focus on capital-related topics as well as equity story/anchor
investors; support DWS’s strategic priorities
Drive regulatory remediation and transformation
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

98.30%

Corporate Bank (CB)/Investment Bank (IB) revenues
Group adjusted costs
Divisional adjusted costs
Deliver on CB/IB strategy execution and client leadership; drive key measures
underpinning further group-level strategic evolvement
Further improve controls and demonstrate effectiveness to regulators
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

108.70%

Private Bank revenues
Group adjusted costs Private Bank ACB
Divisional adjusted cost
Deliver on Privat Bank strategy execution, operating model and client
leadership
Deliver on regulatory remediation, especially driving remaining Private Bank
Germany client remediation
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

98.90%

Group adjusted costs
Divisional adjusted costs
Align TDI operating model to group-wide capabilities shared between business
and IT driving mid/long-term required cost efficiencies, while running Deutsche
Bank systems safely on a daily basis
Deliver on Deutsche Bank’s Technology and Innovation Book of Work
Deliver on Deutsche Bank’s regulatory requirements (especially regarding data
& payments)
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

90.80%

Revenues across Germany, EMEA and APAC
Group adjusted costs
Evolve and execute on regional strategies across Germany, EMEA and APAC,
and strengthen client focus
Deliver on regulatory remediation, especially driving remaining Private Bank
Germany client remediation
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

93.80%

25.0%
10.0%
15.0%
15.0%
15.0%
20.0%

Claudio de Sanctis

25.0%
10.0%
15.0%
15.0%
15.0%
20.0%

Bernd Leukert

10.0%
10.0%
20.0%

20.0%
20.0%
20.0%

Alexander von zur Mühlen

Achievement
Level
(in %)

25.0%
25.0%
15.0%
15.0%
20.0%

15.0%
20.0%

Fabrizio Campelli

Short-Term Incentive

20.0%
20.0%
20.0%
20.0%
20.0%

573

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board Member

Laura Padovani
(Member since
July 1, 2024)

Rebecca Short

Professor Dr. Stefan Simon

Olivier Vigneron

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Weighting
(in %)

10.0%
10.0%
30.0%
30.0%

Short-Term Incentive

Achievement
Level
(in %)

96.50%

20.0%

Group adjusted costs
Divisional adjusted costs
Deliver on regulatory remediation
Further evolve Compliance & Anti-Financial-Crime Operating Model to mitigate
risk, meet regulatory requirements and generate efficiencies
Lead roll-out of “„This is Deutsche Bank” framework

15.0%
15.0%
15.0%
20.0%
20.0%
20.0%

Group adjusted costs
Divisional adjusted costs
Embed new Target Operating Model
Deliver HR and procurement excellence
Drive remediation and control enhancements
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

98.00%

20.0%
20.0%
20.0%
20.0%
20.0%

Group adjusted costs
Deliver on regulatory remediation and drive down litigation portfolio
Franchise leadership Americas
Further evolve CAO Operating Model and reduce governance complexity
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank” framework

60.80%

10.0%
10.0%
20.0%

Group adjusted costs
Divisional adjusted costs
Safeguard macro-cycle downside risks; proactively manage the risk profile,
prioritizing earnings stability
Uplift core Risk organization and frameworks
Deliver on regulatory remediation
Lead roll-out of “This is Deutsche Bank”

77.90%

20.0%
20.0%
20.0%

574

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Pay-for-performance summary for CEO and CFO for the Short-Term Incentive
Management Board member

Achievement Grade
(in %)
Short-Term Incentive

79.0%

Quantitative Objectives
Christian Sewing/
James von Moltke

100.0%

120.0%

70.0%

Qualitative Objectives
Christian Sewing

150.0%

115.0%

Qualitative Objectives
James von Moltke

Pay-for-Performance Summary

Group adjusted cost

The direct adjusted costs KPI focuses on the operating cost
development of Deutsche Bank Group which is essential to position the
bank for sustainable performance in 2025 and beyond. “Adjusted costs”
means that litigation, severance and restructuring and impairment costs
are excluded in line with the external reporting.
In 2024, the direct adjusted cost base was € 20.4 billion, representing
79% target achievement.
Group revenues
The revenue excl. V&T KPI incentives business momentum and
sustainable business growth. It measures revenues growth excluding
valuation and timing differences (V&T) that arise on derivatives used to
hedge the Group’s balance sheet. These are accounting impacts, and
valuation losses that are expected to be recovered over time as the
underlying instruments approach maturity.
In 2024, revenues excluding valuation and timing differences were
€ 29.5 billion, representing 100% target achievement.
Further evolve and deliver • In a challenging environment, the Group delivered on its transformation
on Group strategy
agenda under Christian Sewing leadership
• The businesses have clear momentum, which is visible through the
revenue delivery of € 30.1 billion, disciplined cost management and
enhanced capital efficiency.
• A clear strategic path beyond 2025 was developed, which is based on
further developing our Global Hausbank service offering and sustainably
increasing
returns in 2025 and in the years thereafter.
• Key stakeholder relationships, particularly with regulators, investors
and policymakers were further strengthened through Christian Sewing’s
focused engagement.
Drive regulatory
• A strong focus during this period was on driving regulatory remediation
remediation and control
and enhancing controls. To achieve this, Christian Sewing established a
enhancements
clear prioritization of regulatory remediation for the entire Management
Board, coupled with strong personal engagement with regulators and
critical regulatory topics.
• Structural and personnel adjustments were implemented to accelerate
remediation efforts.
• Additionally, the approach included a strong commitment to resolving
longstanding regulatory issues in 2024 by transitioning from tactical
fixes to strategic solutions. This comprehensive effort underscores the
dedication to regulatory excellence and the creation of a sustainable
compliance framework.
• Although positive developments could be recognized in 2024, the
overall results fell short of the Supervisory Boards’ expectations.
Remediation measures still need to be focused and more effectively
integrated into business routines.
Lead roll-out of “This is
• Christian Sewing clearly shaped and successfully drove the global rollDeutsche Bank”
out of the “This is Deutsche Bank” framework, connecting purpose,
framework
vision, strategy, culture and claim.
• Strong engagement with the Management Board and senior leaders set
the tone for emphasizing “This is Deutsche Bank” in executive
committees and ambassador events, encouraging leadership by
example.
• Leadership in the roll-out was further demonstrated through extensive
employee engagements, such as ambassador events, cross-divisional allstaff calls/“ask me anything” sessions, divisional executive committee
meetings and townhalls, international “This is Deutsche Bank”
gatherings, and cross-divisional leadership initiatives.
• Laid the foundation for a continued focus on people and culture across
all hierarchy levels, driving the organization’s evolution into a purposeled organization with clients at the center of what Deutsche Bank is
doing.
Drive key measures
• James von Moltke successfully drove key measures, including
underpinning further
supporting the Group’s strategic evolution, with a specific focus on
Group-level strategic
capital-related topics delivering € 22 billion in cumulative capital
evolution with a particular optimization actions, positioning the firm for successful 2025 capital
focus on capital-related
distributions.
topics and equity
• Continued refinement of Deutsche Bank’s equity story and focused
story/anchor investors;
investor engagement successfully attracting long-term investors which
support DWS’s strategic
benefited the share registry.
priorities
• After many years of prework, successful roll-out of the Shareholder
Value-Added framework with further potential to improve strategic
planning, resource allocation, and financial performance yet to come.
• Created reporting tools and established processes to enhance the
dialogue across the firm on the use of Shareholder Value-Added.
• Supported the 2024 strategic priorities of DWS by assessing and

575

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board member

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Achievement Grade
(in %)
Short-Term Incentive

75.0%

Drive regulatory
remediation and
transformation

125.0%

Lead roll-out of “This is
Deutsche Bank”
framework

Pay-for-Performance Summary

advising on several strategic objectives for DWS. This included the
delivery against financial targets, notably exceeding plan on Profit
before Tax (PBT), increasing the focus on findings remediation and
closure, including the U.S regulatory priorities, onboarding the new
Chairman and contributing to an enhanced dialogue with the DWS
Supervisory Board.
• Key regulatory milestones included the closing of significant findings
related to European Central Bank requirements for risk governance,
addressing liquidity aspects, and mitigating regulatory capital
headwinds.
• Significantly reduced open findings, achieving a notable reduction in
severe (F4) findings and overdue findings.
• Finance transformation initiatives drove substantial improvements, with
a focus on process reengineering to enhance control and cost
efficiencies. This included detailed analyses of granular service
processes, piloting innovative tools and contributing to major
technology projects, e.g., SAP4/Hana implementation and cloud
migration.
• Despite the significant progress in 2024 and positive signals from
regulators, the SB also took into consideration the long-standing nature
of some remediation topics in the evaluation of the MB’s performance.
• Emphasized cultural leadership through continuous engagement in the
rollout of the “This is Deutsche Bank” framework.
• Fostered engagement programs to align behaviors with the aspirational
culture across Finance, with Finance leadership actively participating in
initiatives and engagement programs to align behaviors with the
aspirational culture.
• Encouraged DB employees' engagement and supported actionable
ideas for improvement through innovative efforts such as the
#MyOneThing app and the CFO Shark Tank initiative.

576

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Overall achievement of the Short-Term Incentive
For the 2024 financial year, the following overall levels of achievement were determined by the Supervisory Board for the
members of the Management Board based on the levels of achievement of the individual objectives determined for the
Short-Term Incentive:
Short-Term Incentive overall achievement
Target Amount
(in € )
2,370,000
2,040,000
2,160,000
2,080,000
1,640,000
1,640,000
245,000
1,640,000
1,640,000
1,640,000

Member of the Management Board
Christian Sewing
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli
Claudio de Sanctis
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani1
Rebecca Short
Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron
1

Achievement level
(in %)
103.30
98.30
108.70
98.90
90.80
93.80
96.50
98.00
60.80
77.90

Overall Amount STI
(in € )
2,448,210
2,005,320
2,347,920
2,057,120
1,489,120
1,538,320
236,425
1,607,200
997,120
1,277,560

Member since July 1, 2024

Member of the Management Board
Christian Sewing2
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli3
Claudio de Sanctis
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani4
Rebecca Short
Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron

STI cash payout in 2025
(in € )
1,200,642
1,002,660
1,150,481
1,028,560
744,560
769,160
118,213
803,600
498,560
638,780

STI equity-based grant in
2025
(in € )
1,200,642
1,002,660
1,056,564
1,028,560
744,560
769,160
118,213
803,600
498,560
638,780

Number of equity-based
instruments1
59,999
50,105
52,799
51,400
37,208
38,437
5,907
40,158
24,914
31,921

The calculation of the number of equity-based instruments is based on the average Xetra closing price of the Deutsche Bank share during the last ten trading days in
February 2025 (€ 20.011).
A portion of the STI with an amount of € 46,926 (2,345 units) were granted as Restricted Equity Awards to meet the regulatory requirements.
3
A portion of the STI with an amount of € 140.875 (7,040 units) were granted as Restricted Equity Awards to meet the UK regulatory requirements. For further information,
please refer to chapter “Deferrals and holding periods”.
4
Member since July 1, 2024
1

2

Long-Term Incentive (LTI) 2024 to 2026
When determining the variable compensation, the focus is set on the achievement of long-term objectives linked to the
bank’s strategy. For the Long-Term Incentive (LTI), the Supervisory Board specifies collective long-term objectives for the
Management Board members, each assessed over a period of three years.
At the beginning of 2024, the LTI was initially allocated as a target cash amount to the individual Management Board
members. As the three-year assessment period for the LTI represents a change from a retrospective to a forward-looking
period, the granting of the equity-based compensation takes place two years later compared to the previous compensation
system. In order to align the Management Board compensation with the share performance of the Deutsche Bank share
and therefore with the shareholders’ interests, the Supervisory Board made use of the possibility that was already provides
for in the new compensation system to convert the target euro amount for the LTI into virtual share units after the first
performance assessment year (not constituting a grant of compensation at this stage). After the three-year performance
assessment period, the number of virtual share units will then be increased or reduced according to the achievement level
determined for the LTI.
This approach further strengthens the sustainability aspect of the long-term variable compensation, as it is additionally
linked to the performance of the bank and the share price during the assessment period. The conversion was based on the
average share price during the last 10 trading days in February 2025 of € 20.011. The number of virtual shares that will be
granted by the end of the assessment period will depend on the results of the performance assessment and thus will vary
between 0% and 150% of the number initially allocated. After the vesting and holding periods, 20% of the virtual shares
will become available annually but will still be subject to clawback conditions.

577

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Equity-based instruments (virtual shares)

Members of the Management Board
Christian Sewing
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli
Claudio de Sanctis
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani1
Rebecca Short
Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron
1
2

LTI Target
allocation in €
3,555,000
3,060,000
3,240,000
3,120,000
2,460,000
2,460,000
367,500
2,460,000
2,460,000
2,460,000

Average share
price before
conversion in € 2

20.011

Number of equitybased units
177,652
152,916
161,911
155,914
122,932
122,932
18,365
122,932
122,932
122,932

Member since July 1, 2024
Average Xetra closing price of the Deutsche Bank share during the last ten trading days in February 2025.

For the Long-Term Incentive (LTI) plan allocated at the beginning of 2024 (2024 – 2026 LTI) the defined and published
long-term objectives focus on Group financial objectives, Return on Total Shareholder Return and sustainability
(Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)) objectives as outlined further below. These objectives are key measures for
assessing the overall financial success and performance of Deutsche Bank and serve as clear performance indicators that
reflect Deutsche Bank’s business objectives and strategies and are aligned with shareholder interest. Through these
objectives an incentive is created to act in a manner that maximizes value for shareholders and supports the long-term
growth and stability of the business.
Group financial objectives
– Return on Tangible Equity (RoTE) measures the profit (or loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders as a
percentage of average tangible shareholders’ equity and incentivizes the efficient use of equity. The tangible
shareholder equity is determined by deducting goodwill and other intangible assets from shareholders’ equity.
– The growth in Tangible Book Value Per Share (TBVPS) complements RoTE by considering equity changes apart from
net income which are equally relevant for capital distributions. The TBVPS represents the Bank’s total shareholders’
equity less goodwill and other intangible assets divided by period-end basic shares outstanding. It measures the growth
(in %) of the equity of the company per share.
Relative Total Shareholder Return (RTSR) reflects the shareholder value creation in the form of share price growth and
dividends generated. Deutsche Bank wants to be an attractive investment for its investors and therefore incentivizes the
outperformance of relevant financial institutions. In addition, the RTSR objective serves to align the interests of the
Management Board and shareholders more closely.

578

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) objectives
Deutsche Bank strives to make a contribution to an environmentally friendly, socially inclusive and well-governed
corporate landscape as well as to support its clients in their green transformation. Not only the advisory services and
products but also the working environment and culture at Deutsche Bank should build on this commitment. Deutsche
Bank’s policies and procedures are aligned with the laws and regulations in all of the markets in which it operates, including
anti-discrimination laws such as the 2. German Gender Quota Law (Zweites Führungspositionen-Gesetz - FüPoG II).
For the 2024-2026 LTI plan the Supervisory Board focuses on ESG objectives:
– Environmental target: The objective of driving climate risk-management is linked to the disclosed carbon reduction
targets for defined carbon intensive sectors that were published when setting of CO2 reduction target pathways for
key industries. This metrics measures performance against the published pathway plus an allowed deviation (risk
appetite).
– Social target: The objective of increasing gender diversity in accordance with the 2. German Gender Quota Law (Zweites
Führungspositionen-Gesetz – FüPoG II) focuses on female representation on the two levels below the Management
Board (MB-1) and Management Board (MB-2) positions, which combats discrimination within the Management Board
succession pipeline as well as to promote equal opportunity.
– Governance: The corporate governance objective consists of the Control Risk Management Grade (CRMG) and progress
made in the Anti-Money-Laundering/Know-Your-Client remediation activities. The CRMG measures the control
environment based on the performance of the individual divisions, including critical and overdue findings, but also
cultural issues such as self-identified risk acceptance. Overall, the objective underlines the importance for Deutsche
Bank to combat economic crime and prevent money laundering activities, as well as staying compliant with regulatory
requirements and to foster a healthy corporate culture.
The objectives will be assessed at the end of the assessment period in 2026:

579

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

Overview of Long-Term Incentive (LTI) - Plans

Backtesting and application of malus and clawback in 2024
The Supervisory Board regularly reviews in due time before the respective release dates the possibility of a full or partial
forfeiture (malus) or reclaiming (clawback) of the Management Board members’ variable compensation components. There
was no forfeiture or clawback of awards in 2024.
Outstanding share awards for Management Board members
The following table shows the number of outstanding share awards of the incumbent Management Board members as of
February 9, 2024, and February 7, 2025, as well as the number of share awards newly granted, delivered or forfeited in this
period.
Members of the Management Board

Balance as of
Feb 9, 2024

Granted

Delivered

Forfeited

Balance as of
Feb 7, 2025

Christian Sewing
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli
Claudio de Sanctis
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani1
Rebecca Short
Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron

1,121,379
894,440
557,589
465,211
458,204
431,888
–
310,690
418,338
206,890

214,469
187,779
194,514
184,267
156,324
156,324
–
156,324
156,3242
156,114

–
52,134
29,705
176,900
3,037
32,784
–
14,273
86,2803
28,957

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

1,335,848
1,030,086
722,397
472,579
611,491
555,428
16,436
452,741
488,3834
334,048

1

Member since July 1, 2024

According to the Shareholding Guidelines that apply to the members of the Management Board have an obligation to build
up a holding of Deutsche Bank shares within four years. The CEO is obliged to hold an equivalent of 200% of his annual
gross base salary in shares and other Management Board members are required to hold shares that equal 100% of their
annual gross base salary in order to fulfill the Shareholding Guidelines. The shares must be held for the entire duration of
the appointment. If the base salary is increased, the obligation to hold shares increases accordingly. Compliance with the
shareholding obligation is reviewed every six months. Depending on the level of achievement and share price performance,
additional shares must either be bought or can be sold if the obligation is exceeded.
All Management Board members fulfilled the shareholding obligations in 2024 or are currently in the build-up phase.

580

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Application of the compensation system in the financial year

The following table shows the total number of Deutsche Bank shares held by the incumbent Management Board members
as of February 9, 2024, and February 7, 2025, as well as the number of share-based awards and the fulfillment level for the
shareholding obligation.
as of February 7, 2025

Members of the Management
Board

Number of
Deutsche
Bank shares
(in units)
as of Feb
9,2024

Number of
Deutsche
Bank shares
(in units)

Restricted
Equity
Award(s)/
Outstanding
Equity Units
(deferred
with
additional
retention
period)
(in units)

Christian Sewing
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli
Claudio de Sanctis
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani 3
Rebecca Short
Prof. Dr. Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron
Total

222,171
74,753
185,509
105,665
10,007
447,485
0
69,168
0
21,841
1,136,599

222,171
102,272
201,291
262,244
12,667
476,944
0
73,637
0
37,139
1,388,365

1,335,848
1,030,086
722,397
472,579
611,491
555,428
16,436
452,741
488,383
334,048
6,019,437

thereof 75%
of Restricted
Equity
Award(s)/
Outstanding
Equity Units
chargeable
to share
obligation
(deferred
with
additional
retention
period)
(in units)

Total value
of Deutsche
Bank shares
and
Restricted
Equity
Award(s)/
Outstanding
Equity Units
chargeable
to share
obligation
(in units)

1,001,886
772,564
541,798
354,434
458,618
416,571
12,327
339,556
366,287
250,536
4,514,577

1,224,057
874,836
743,089
616,678
471,285
893,515
12,327
413,193
366,287
287,675
5,902,942

Share
retention
obligation
must be
fulfilled
Yes/No1

Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
No
No
Yes
No

Level of
required
shareholding
obligation
(in units)2

408,778
172,117
182,874
172,117
129,088
129,088
94,127
129,088
129,088
129,088
1,675,453

Fulfillment
ratio
(in %)

299%
508%
406%
358%
365%
692%
13%
320%
284%
223%

The shareholding obligation must be fulfilled within four years after the first appointment as Management Board member and must be held until the end of the
appointment.
The calculation of the total value of the Deutsche Bank shares and share awards/outstanding shares eligible for the shareholding requirement is based on the share price
18.592 (Xetra closing price on February 7, 2025)
3
Member since July 1, 2024
1

2

Benefits upon regular contract termination
The following table shows the annual contributions, the interest credits, the account balances and the annual service costs
for the years 2024 and 2023 as well as the corresponding defined benefit obligations for each member of the Management
Board in office in 2024 as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2024. The different balances are attributable to the
different lengths of service on the Management Board, the respective age-related factors, and the different contribution
rates.

Members of the
Management Board
in €

Christian Sewing
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli
Claudio de Sanctis
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen1
Laura Padovani1,2
Rebecca Short
Prof. Dr. Stefan Simon1
Olivier Vigneron

Annual contribution,
in the year

Interest credited,
in the year

Account balance,
end of year

Service cost (IFRS),
in the year

Present value of the
defined benefit
obligation (IFRS),
end of year

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

728,000
715,000
773,500
760,500
689,000
0
0
786,500
0
747,500

747,500
812,500
786,500
386,750
702,000
0
0
806,000
473,959
760,500

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

8,752,000
6,519,500
4,741,754
1,147,250
4,125,334
0
0
2,966,168
3,483,460
2,152,584

8,024,000
5,846,750
3,968,254
386,750
3,436,334
0
0
2,179,668
3,483,460
1,405,084

574,078
577,371
542,981
542,293
596,463
0
0
522,769
0
548,749

564,889
667,237
525,920
272,499
573,019
0
0
519,350
373,627
543,072

7,132,345
5,561,609
3,486,558
823,356
3,742,460
0
0
1,983,351
2,944,486
1,633,309

6,457,344
4,948,283
2,909,388
278,217
3,077,074
0
0
1,448,786
2,896,341
1,053,069

1 The Management Board member receives a pension allowance, which is shown in the section “Compensation granted and owed (inflow table)”.
2

Member since July 1, 2024

Deviations from the compensation system
There were no deviations from the compensation system in the 2024 financial year.

581

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Management Board compensation 2024

Management Board compensation 2024
Current Management Board members
Total compensation 2024
The Supervisory Board determined the following compensation on an individual basis. Due to the new compensation
system already described, there was a significant structural change in 2024 in comparison to 2023. The first Long-Term
Incentive (LTI) Plan based on the new system was set up for the performance period 2024-2026; after the end of the 3year performance period the Supervisory Board determines the achievement level based on the pre-defined Key
Performance Indicators (KPIs). Due to a change from a backward-looking to a forward-looking three-year performance
period, the first two years after the implementation of the new system (2024 and 2025) are years of transitional
(“transitional phase”). The first Long-Term Incentive -Plan (LTI-Plan 2024-2026) will first be granted in early 2027. During
the “transitional phase”, the LTI will be shown with the target amount for calculation and comparison purposes. For better
comparability with the previous year's figures, the table below includes a column entitled Pro Forma Total Compensation
which shows the sum of base salary, actual STI and a target value for the LTI.
This approach is reflected accordingly in the following below.

in €

Christian Sewing
James von Moltke
Fabrizio Campelli
Claudio de Sanctis3
Bernd Leukert
Alexander von zur Mühlen
Laura Padovani4
Rebecca Short
Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
Olivier Vigneron
Total

2024

2023

Base
salary1

Actual
Short-Term
Incentive

Target
Long-Term
Incentive2

Pro-Forma Total
compensation

Total
compensation

3,750,000
3,200,000
3,400,000
3,200,000
2,400,000
2,400,000
875,000
2,400,000
2,400,000
2,400,000
26,425,000

2,448,210
2,005,320
2,347,920
2,057,120
1,489,120
1,538,320
236,425
1,607,200
997,120
1,277,560
16,004,315

3,555,000
3,060,000
3,240,000
3,120,000
2,460,000
2,460,000
367,500
2,460,000
2,460,000
2,460,000
25,642,500

9,753,210
8,265,320
8,987,920
8,377,120
6,349,120
6,398,320
1,478,925
6,467,200
5,857,120
6,137,560
68,071,815

8,745,497
7,605,057
7,996,596
3,712,322
6,012,121
6,090,841
–
6,115,108
6,080,591
5,952,363
58,310,496

1 In the column “Base salary”, the target values set by the Supervisory Board are shown in EUR for reasons of comparability. The actual inflow differs from this target value

for Management Board members Alexander von zur Mühlen and Professor Dr. Stefan Simon due to currency fluctuations and for Bernd Leukert due to the offsetting of
compensation from mandates. The inflows are shown in the section “Compensation granted and owed (inflow table)”.
The determination of the final achievement level for the LTI Plan 2024-2026 will take place after the end of the 3-year performance period in 2027
3
Member since July 1, 2023
4
Member since July 1, 2024
2

Compensation granted and owed (inflow table)
The following table shows the compensation paid and owed in the 2024 and 2023 financial years to incumbent members
of the Management Board in the 2024 financial year pursuant to Section 162 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock
Corporation Act. This involves the compensation components that were either actually paid or delivered to the individual
Management Board members within the reporting period (“paid”) or were already legally due during the reporting period
but not yet delivered (“owed”).
Accordingly, except for base salary and fringe benefits, the table illustrates deferral cash compensation (Restricted
Incentive Awards (RIA)) that resulted from Short-Term Award grants based on the former compensation system as
implemented in previous years. Correspondingly, variable compensation based on the new compensation system will not
be illustrated until next year, i.e., the Short-Term Incentive cash payout for the performance in the 2024 financial year will
be paid and thus considered and disclosed as an inflow for the 2025 financial year.

582

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Management Board compensation 2024

Compensation granted and owed per Management Board member
Christian Sewing
2024

Fixed compensation components:
Base salary
Pension allowance
Fringe benefits
Total fixed compensation
Variable compensation components:
Deferred variable compensation
thereof Restricted Incentive Awards:
2019 Restricted Incentive Award for 2018
2020 Restricted Incentive Award for 2019
2021 Restricted Incentive Award for 2020
2022 Restricted Incentive Award for 2021
2023 Restricted Incentive Award for 2022
thereof Equity Awards:
Fringe benefits
Total variable compensation
Total compensation
1

James von Moltke

2023

2024

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

3,7501
0
113
3,863

77%
0%
2%
79%

3,600
0
255
3,855

72%
0%
5%
77%

3,200
0
107
3,307

68%
0%
2%
70%

3,150
0
72
3,222

77%
0%
2%
79%

0
43
304
0
667

0%
1%
6%
0%
14%

232
43
304
577
0

5%
1%
6%
12%
0%

0
43
213
0
522

0%
1%
4%
0%
11%

169
43
213
419
0

4%
1%
5%
10%
0%

0
1,013
4,876

0%
21%
100%

0
1,155
5,010

0%
23%
100%

0
1,433
4,740

0%
30%
100%

0
843
4,065

0%
21%
100%

For further details on compensation decision, please refer to chapter "Executive Summary" in this report
Fabrizio Campelli
2024

Fixed compensation components:
Base salary
Pension allowance
Fringe benefits
Total fixed compensation
Variable compensation components:
Deferred variable compensation
thereof Restricted Incentive Awards:
2019 Restricted Incentive Award for 2018
2020 Restricted Incentive Award for 2019
2021 Restricted Incentive Award for 2020
2022 Restricted Incentive Award for 2021
2023 Restricted Incentive Award for 2022
thereof Equity Awards:
Fringe benefits
Total variable compensation
Total compensation
1
2

2023

in € t.

Claudio de Sanctis1

2023

2024

2023

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

3,400
0
6
3,406

82%
0%
0%
82%

3,250
0
33
3,283

83%
0%
1%
84%

3,2002
0
20
3,220

99%
0%
1%
100%

1,500
0
9
1,509

99%
0%
1%
100%

0
7
213
0
502
0
0
722
4,129

0%
0%
5%
0%
12%
0%
0%
17%
100%

0
7
213
406
0
0
0
626
3,909

0%
0%
5%
10%
0%
0%
0%
16%
100%

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3,220

0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
100%

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1,509

0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
100%

Member since July 1, 2023
For further details on compensation decision, please refer to chapter "Executive Summary" in this report

583

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Management Board compensation 2024

Bernd Leukert
2024

Fixed compensation components:
Base salary
Pension allowance
Fringe benefits
Total fixed compensation
Variable compensation components:
Deferred variable compensation
thereof Restricted Incentive Awards:
2019 Restricted Incentive Award for 2018
2020 Restricted Incentive Award for 2019
2021 Restricted Incentive Award for 2020
2022 Restricted Incentive Award for 2021
2023 Restricted Incentive Award for 2022
thereof Equity Awards:
Fringe benefits
Total variable compensation
Total compensation
1
2

Alexander von zur Mühlen

2023

2024

2023

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

2,3911
0
9
2,400

78%
0%
0%
78%

2,3971
0
6
2,403

80%
0%
0%
80%

2,5762
650
136
3,362

62%
16%
3%
81%

2,5592
650
88
3,297

68%
17%
2%
88%

0
0
188
0
477
0
0
666
3,065

0%
0%
6%
0%
16%
0%
0%
22%
100%

0
0
188
399
0
0
0
587
2,990

0%
0%
6%
13%
0%
0%
0%
20%
100%

0
0
74
0
473
0
2193
766
4,128

0%
0%
2%
0%
11%
0%
5%
19%
100%

0
0
74
395
0
0
0
470
3,767

0%
0%
2%
10%
0%
0%
0%
12%
100%

The fixed compensation shown includes the crediting of compensation from mandates
As the fixed compensation is granted in local currency, it is subject to foreign exchange-rate changes

3 The variable fringe benefits represent a housing allowance.

Laura Padovani (member since July 1, 2024)
2024

Fixed compensation components:
Base salary
Pension allowance
Fringe benefits
Total fixed compensation
Variable compensation components:
Deferred variable compensation
thereof Restricted Incentive Awards:
2019 Restricted Incentive Award for 2018
2020 Restricted Incentive Award for 2019
2021 Restricted Incentive Award for 2020
2022 Restricted Incentive Award for 2021
2023 Restricted Incentive Award for 2022
thereof Equity Awards:
Fringe benefits
Total variable compensation
Total compensation

Rebecca Short

2023

2024

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

875
225
12
1,112

79%
20%
1%
100%

–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–

2,400
0
56
2,456

81%
0%
2%
83%

2,400
0
33
2,433

90%
0%
1%
91%

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1,112
0

0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
100%
0

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

0
0
0
0
491
0
0
491
02,946

0%
0%
0%
0%
17%
0%
0%
17%
0 100%

0
0
0
241
0
0
0
241
02,674

0%
0%
0%
9%
0%
0%
0%
9%
0 100%

0

0

Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
2024

Fixed compensation components:
Base salary
Pension allowance
Fringe benefits
Total fixed compensation
Variable compensation components:
Deferred variable compensation
thereof Restricted Incentive Awards:
2019 Restricted Incentive Award for 2018
2020 Restricted Incentive Award for 2019
2021 Restricted Incentive Award for 2020
2022 Restricted Incentive Award for 2021
2023 Restricted Incentive Award for 2022
thereof Equity Awards:
Fringe benefits
Total variable compensation
Total compensation

2023

in € t.

Olivier Vigneron

2023

2024

2023

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

2,4681
650
117
3,235

59%
16%
3%
78%

2,4291
271
55
2,755

73%
8%
2%
83%

2,400
0
13
2,413

90%
0%
0%
90%

2,400
0
33
2,433

99%
0%
1%
100%

0
0
78
0
475
0
3632
916
4,151

0%
0%
2%
0%
11%
0%
9%
22%
100%

0
0
78
396
0
0
91
564
3,319

0%
0%
2%
12%
0%
0%
3%
17%
100%

0
0
0
0
266
0
0
266
2,679

0%
0%
0%
0%
10%
0%
0%
10%
100%

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2,433

0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
0%
100%

1 As the fixed compensation is granted in local currency, it is subject to foreign exchange-rate changes
2 The variable fringe benefits mainly represents a housing allowance.

With respect to the deferred compensation components of previous years approved in the reporting year, the Supervisory
Board confirmed that the respective performance conditions were met.

584

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Management Board compensation 2024

Former members of the Management Board
Compensation granted and owed (inflow table)
The following table shows the compensation paid and owed to the former members of the Management Board in the 2024
financial year pursuant to Section 162 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. This involves the compensation
components that were either actually delivered to the former Management Board members within the reporting period
(“paid”) or were already legally due during the reporting period but not yet delivered (“owed”). Pursuant to Section 162 (5)
of the German Stock Corporation Act, no personal data is provided on former members of the Management Board who
ended their work for the Management Board prior to the end of the financial year 2014. Multi-year deferred compensation
components are not paid out early upon termination of the mandate.
Karl von Rohr
member until
October 31, 2023

Christiana Riley
member until
May 17, 2023

2024

Non-Compete payment
Deferred variable compensation
Restricted Incentive Awards
Equity Awards
Fringe benefits
Pension benefits
Total compensation

2024

2

2024

2024

in %
67%

in € t.
0

in %
0%

in € t.
0

in %
0%

in € t.
0

in %
0%

800
0
0
0
2,425

33%
0%
0%
0%
100%

0
0
2
0
2

0%
0%
100%
0%
100%

388
0
0
0
388

100%
0%
0%
0%
100%

200
0
0
0
200

100%
0%
0%
0%
100%

Sylvie Matherat
member until
July 31, 2019

2024

1

Frank Kuhnke
member until
April 30, 2021

in € t.
1,625

Werner Steinmüller
member until
July 31, 2020

Deferred variable compensation
Restricted Incentive Awards
Equity Awards
Fringe benefits
Pension benefits
Total compensation

Stuart Lewis
member until
May 19, 2022

Garth Ritchie
member until
July 31, 2019

2024

Frank Strauß1
member until
July 31, 2019

2024

2024

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in %

134
0
0
0
134

100%
0%
0%
0%
100%

2,3332
0
0
0
2,333

100%
0%
0%
0%
100%

1,7902
0
0
0
1,790

100%
0%
0%
0%
100%

2,6682
0
0
0
2,668

100%
0%
0%
0%
100%

Frank Strauß passed away in 2024, therefore there will be no disclosure within the table “Compensation granted and owed (inflow table)” from the Compensation Report
2025 and onwards
Including Inflows from Termination Benefits

Nicolas Moreau
member until Dec 31, 2018

John Cryan
member until April 8, 2018

2024

Deferred variable compensation
Restricted Incentive Awards
Equity Awards
Fringe benefits
Pension benefits
Total compensation
1
2

2024

DB AG

DWS
Management
GmbH

Overall

in € t.

in € t.

in € t.

in %

in € t.

in € t.

404
0
0
0
404

2,1901
1422
0
0
2,332

2,594
142
0
0
2,736

95%
5%
0%
0%
100%

0
4,3821
0
0
4,382

0%
100%
0%
0%
100%

Including Inflows from Termination Benefits
The equity awards shown are share-based instruments granted by DWS Management GmbH. Details of these instruments can be found in the DWS Annual Report

585

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Outlook for the 2025 financial year

Outlook for the 2025 financial year
Total target compensation and maximum compensation
The total target compensation for 2025 will in principle remain unchanged compared to the total target compensation in
force or adjusted in 2024.
The limits on compensation for the members of the Management Board remain unchanged versus the 2024 financial year.
This means that the maximum possible achievement level for variable compensation amounts to 150%. In accordance with
Section 87a (1) sentence 2 No. 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), the limit set for total compensation is
maintained unchanged at a maximum of € 12 million uniformly for all members of the Management board as the maximum
cap based on the financial year.

2025 objective structure and targets
The compensation system implemented in 2024 works well and produces appropriate results. Therefore, the objective
structure will continue to be in line with the compensation system approved by the General Meeting in 2024.

Short-Term Incentive (STI)
Generally unchanged from 2024, the amount of the Short-Term Incentive (STI) for the 2025 financial year will continue to
be 40% of the total target variable compensation and is based on the individual achievement level of short and mediumterm individual and divisional objectives.
The specific individual objectives of the Short-Term Incentive (STI) for 2025 will be disclosed retrospectively in the 2025
Compensation Report.

Long-Term Incentive (LTI)
The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) will continue to be 60% of the total target variable compensation and consists of collective
long-term objectives linked to the Bank´s strategy.
For the three-year performance period 2025 - 2027, the Long-Term Incentive Plan consists of four compensation
components that are unchanged to the preceding and still running performance period 2024 – 2026 of four compensation
components. The components “RoTE” (Return on tangible equity), “TBVPS” (growth in Tangible Book Value Per Share) and
“RTSR” (Relative Total Shareholder Return) remain the same with unchanged weightings. Going forward, the RoTE measure
is underpinned by the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio to ensure a balanced approach to profitability, capital
adequacy, and risk management. If the CET1 capital ratio at the end of the performance period is below the CET 1 red
threshold level set in the risk appetite statement, then the measure is assessed to be nil. This also applies to the RoTE
objectives for the STI.
The “ESG” component will in general also remain unchanged especially with regard to the Environmental and the Social
objectives. Deutsche Bank’s policies and procedures are aligned with the laws and regulations in all of the markets in which
it operates, including anti-discrimination laws such as the 2. German Gender Quota Law (Zweites FührungspositionenGesetz - FüPoG II).
With regard to the Governance objective, the assessment criteria were amended in order to reflect not only an internal
evaluation, but also external stakeholders’ assessment of Deutsche Bank´s regulatory development and improvements,
making it a holistic measurement criterion. Along with the previously considered Control Risk Management Grade (CRMG),
two additional aspects will be taken into consideration:
The European Central Bank (ECB) on a yearly basis conducts a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) in which
it evaluates the business models, internal governance, risks to capital and risks to liquidity of all significant institutions
under its direct supervision. The result, together with results from the FED Annual Assessment of the US central bank
Federal Reserve, is reflected in the overall Regulatory Ratings & Enforcement objective.
Furthermore, Enforcement Actions imposed by regulators against a bank when regulatory requirements are not met will
be considered. Enforcement Actions can take various forms, e.g. fines, restrictions on business operations, or binding
measures to remedy deficiencies. The closure of still open Enforcement Actions is the third element of the LTI Governance
objective.

586

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the Management Board
Outlook for the 2025 financial year

The objectives for the LTI plan 2025 – 2027 are shown in the following:

587

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of Supervisory Board members

Compensation of Supervisory Board members
Supervisory Board compensation is regulated in Section 14 of the Articles of Association and was last amended by
resolution of the General Meeting on May 17, 2023.
The members of the Supervisory Board receive a fixed annual compensation (“Supervisory Board Compensation”). The
amount of the annual base compensation for each Supervisory Board member is € 300,000, for the Supervisory Board
Chairman € 950,000, and for each Deputy Chairperson € 475,000.
Chairs of the committees of the Supervisory Board are paid additional fixed annual compensation amounts as follows:
Committee chair
in €

Audit Committee
Risk Committee
Technology, Data and Innovation Committee
Chairman’s Committee
Nomination Committee
Compensation Control Committee
Regulatory Oversight Committee
Strategy and Sustainability Committee
Mediation Committee

150,000
150,000
150,000
100,000
100,000
100,000
100,000
100,000
0

If a Supervisory Board member is chair of more than one committee, compensation is only paid for the committee entitled
to the highest amount. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board does not receive any additional compensation for chairing
of the committees. Members of the committees also do not receive additional compensation.
The compensation determined will be paid to the respective member of the Supervisory Board by, at the latest, two months
after submitting invoices and as a rule within the first three months of the following year. In case of a change in Supervisory
Board membership during the year, compensation for the financial year will be paid on a pro rata basis, rounded up/down
to full months.
The company reimburses the Supervisory Board members for the cash expenses they incur in the performance of their
office, including, to the extent applicable, value added tax (VAT) on their compensation and reimbursements of expenses.
Furthermore, any employer contributions to social security schemes that may be applicable under foreign law to the
performance of their Supervisory Board work is paid for each Supervisory Board member affected. Finally, the Supervisory
Board Chairman is reimbursed appropriately for travel expenses incurred in performing representative tasks due to his
function and reimbursed for costs for the security measures required based on his function.
In the interest of the company, the members of the Supervisory Board are included in an appropriate amount in any
financial liability insurance policy held by the company. The premiums for this are paid by the company. A deductible does
not have to be specified for the members of the Supervisory Board.
With the effectiveness of the compensation system for the Supervisory Board on May 17, 2023, the Supervisory Board
recommends that its members undertake a voluntary self-commitment to invest a total of at least 10% of the gross annual
compensation paid out to them in shares of Deutsche Bank AG and to hold these shares for the duration of their ongoing
term of office. The previous provision in the Articles of Association for share-based compensation for the Supervisory
Board members was cancelled.
The Supervisory Board is in agreement that any transfer obligations to labor unions will be taken into account in the
personal decision on the self-imposed personal investment. Supervisory Board members who already hold, as of the day
the voluntary self-commitment is made, a number of Deutsche Bank shares with a countervalue of at least 10% of the
Supervisory Board compensation payable to them for the duration of their current term of office do not have to acquire
any further shares.

588

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of Supervisory Board members

All shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board and the member representing senior executives on the
Supervisory Board submitted the voluntary self-commitment to the Supervisory Board or held, at the time of submitting
the voluntary self-commitment, shares of Deutsche Bank with a countervalue equivalent to at least 10% of the Supervisory
Board compensation payable to them for the duration of their current term of office.
The individual shareholdings of the members of the Supervisory Board are disclosed in the Corporate Governance
Statement/Report.
In connection with the new regulation of Supervisory Board Compensation, the General Meeting resolved to approve the
following transitional regulations with effect from May 17, 2023:
– If the amount of the Supervisory Board Compensation does not exceed the Supervisory Board Compensation previously
paid in the individual case (calculated compensation for the 2023 financial year based on the previous regulation in the
Articles of Association), a member of the Supervisory Board whose current term of office began before May 17, 2023,
will receive a compensating payment in the form of a cash payment in the amount of the difference between the
previously granted Supervisory Board Compensation and the Supervisory Board Compensation pursuant to paragraphs
1 and 2 of Section 14 of the Articles of Association. In the event of a re-election as member of the Supervisory Board,
the provisions of the Articles of Association in the version adopted on May 17, 2023, apply.
– Members of the Supervisory Board whose current term of office began before May 17, 2023, will receive the virtual
shares cumulatively earned during the current term of office paid out in February 2024 on the basis of the average
closing price during the last ten trading days of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra or successor system) of the
preceding January.

589

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of Supervisory Board members
Supervisory Board Compensation for the 2024 and 2023 financial years

Supervisory Board Compensation for the 2024 and 2023
financial years
Individual members of the Supervisory Board received the following compensation for the 2024 and 2023 financial years
(excluding value added tax). The table shows the compensation paid and owed to the members of the Supervisory Board
in the 2024 and 2023 financial years pursuant to Section 162 (1) sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
In each case the calculation is rounded up/down to full months.

Members of the Supervisory Board
Alexander Wynaendts
Frank Schulze
Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
Susanne Bleidt
Mayree Clark
Jan Duscheck
Manja Eifert
Claudia Fieber
Sigmar Gabriel
Florian Haggenmiller1
Timo Heider
Birgit Laumen2
Gerlinde M. Siebert
Yngve Slyngstad
Stephan Szukalski
John Alexander Thain
Jürgen Tögel
Michele Trogni
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel3
Dr. Theodor Weimer
Frank Witter
Total
1
2
3

Base compensation
in €
in %
950,000
100%
475,000
100%
475,000
83%
300,000
100%
300,000
67%
300,000
100%
300,000
100%
300,000
100%
300,000
100%
275,000
100%
300,000
100%
0
0%
300,000
100%
300,000
100%
300,000
100%
300,000
75%
300,000
100%
300,000
67%
300,000
67%
300,000
100%
300,000
67%
6,975,000
90%

Compensation for the financial year 2024
Compensation for chairing of
the committees
Total
in €
in %
in €
0
0%
950,000
0
0%
475,000
100,000
17%
575,000
0
0%
300,000
150,000
33%
450,000
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
275,000
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
0
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
300,000
0
0%
300,000
100,000
25%
400,000
0
0%
300,000
150,000
33%
450,000
150,000
33%
450,000
0
0%
300,000
150,000
33%
450,000
800,000
10%
7,775,000

Member of the Supervisory Board since January 16, 2024.
Member of the Supervisory Board until January 12, 2024.
Committee compensation including cash payment pursuant to Section § 14 (3) paragraph 1 of the Articles of Association.

All employee representatives on the Supervisory Board, with the exception of Jan Duscheck, Florian Haggenmiller
(member since January 16, 2024), Birgit Laumen (member until January 12, 2024) and Stephan Szukalski are or were
employed by Deutsche Bank Group. In the 2024 financial year, we paid such members a total amount of € 1.27 million (in
the form of salary, retirement and pension payments) in addition to their Supervisory Board compensation.
We do not provide members of the Supervisory Board with any benefits after they have left the Supervisory Board,
although members who are or were employed by us are entitled to the benefits associated with the end of such
employment (i.e., not on the basis of their Supervisory Board work). During 2024, we set aside € 0.12 million for pension,
retirement or similar benefits for the members of the Supervisory Board who are or were employed by us.

590

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Members of the Supervisory Board
Alexander Wynaendts
Detlef Polaschek1
Frank Schulze2
Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
Ludwig Blomeyer-Bartenstein1
Susanne Bleidt2
Mayree Clark
Jan Duscheck
Manja Eifert
Claudia Fieber2
Sigmar Gabriel
Timo Heider
Martina Klee1
Birgit Laumen2
Gabriele Platscher1
Bernd Rose1
Gerlinde M. Siebert2
Yngve Slyngstad
Stephan Szukalski2
John Alexander Thain
Jürgen Tögel2
Michele Trogni
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel3
Stefan Viertel1
Dr. Theodor Weimer
Frank Werneke1
Frank Witter
Total
1
2
3

Compensation of Supervisory Board members
Supervisory Board Compensation for the 2024 and 2023 financial years

Base compensation
in €
in %
637,500
69%
62,500
33%
277,083
100%
339,583
60%
41,667
33%
175,000
100%
216,667
50%
216,667
72%
216,667
84%
175,000
100%
216,667
84%
216,667
78%
41,667
50%
175,000
100%
41,667
33%
41,667
29%
175,000
100%
216,667
84%
175,000
100%
216,667
68%
175,000
100%
216,667
48%
216,667
48%
41,667
29%
216,667
84%
41,667
33%
216,667
56%
5,000,005
68%

Compensation for the financial year 2023
Committee compensation
and/or compensation for
charing of the committees
Total
in €
in %
in €
291,667
31%
929,167
125,000
67%
187,500
0
0%
277,083
225,000
40%
564,583
83,333
67%
125,000
0
0%
175,000
212,500
50%
429,167
83,333
28%
300,000
41,667
16%
258,334
0
0%
175,000
41,667
16%
258,334
62,500
22%
279,167
41,667
50%
83,334
0
0%
175,000
83,333
67%
125,000
104,167
71%
145,834
0
0%
175,000
41,667
16%
258,334
0
0%
175,000
100,000
32%
316,667
0
0%
175,000
233,333
52%
450,000
233,333
52%
450,000
104,167
71%
145,834
41,667
16%
258,334
83,333
67%
125,000
170,833
44%
387,500
2,404,167
32%
7,404,172

Member of the Supervisory Board until May 17, 2023.
Member of the Supervisory Board since May 17, 2023.
Provision on the transition pursuant to Section § 14 (3) paragraph 1 of the Articles of Association.

The following table shows the virtual share units paid out on this basis pursuant to Section 14 (3) paragraph 2:
Payment of the virtual share units

Members of the Supervisory Board

Virtual share
units accrued
during the term
of office until
May 17, 2023

Amount paid
out
in February
2024
in € ¹

Alexander Wynaendts
Detlef Polaschek
Ludwig Blomeyer-Bartenstein
Mayree Clark
Jan Duscheck
Manja Eifert
Sigmar Gabriel
Timo Heider
Martina Klee
Gabriele Platscher
Bernd Rose
Yngve Slyngstad
John Alexander Thain
Michele Trogni
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel
Stefan Viertel
Dr. Theodor Weimer
Frank Werneke
Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
Frank Witter
Total

10,287.340
54,246.220
36,164.150
48,753.550
31,622.390
2,420.550
13,123.540
32,243.510
19,567.670
36,164.150
34,436.160
2,074.760
24,109.430
43,315.860
36,257.850
11,855.880
11,488.660
6,403.560
49,368.980
9,272.180
513,176.390

123,534
651,410
434,274
585,452
379,734
29,067
157,593
387,193
234,976
434,274
413,523
24,915
289,516
520,154
435,399
142,370
137,960
76,897
592,842
111,344
6,162,427

1

At a value of € 12.008 based on the average closing price on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra or successor system) during the last ten trading days of January 2024

591

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of Supervisory Board members
Supervisory Board Compensation for the 2024 and 2023 financial years

Until the new provisions became effective as of May 17, 2023, the following provisions applied for the compensation of
the Supervisory Board:
The members of the Supervisory Board received a fixed annual compensation (“Supervisory Board Compensation”). The
annual base compensation amounted to € 100,000 for each Supervisory Board member. The Supervisory Board Chairman
received twice that amount and the Deputy Chairpersons one and a half times that amount.
Members and chairs of the committees of the Supervisory Board were paid additional fixed annual compensation as
follows:
until May 17, 2023
Committee
in €

Audit Committee
Risk Committee
Nomination Committee
Mediation Committee
Regulatory Oversight Committee
Chairman’s Committee
Compensation Control Committee
Strategy and Sustainability Committee
Technology, Data and Innovation Committee

Chair

Member

200,000
200,000
100,000
0
200,000
100,000
100,000
100,000
200,000

100,000
100,000
50,000
0
100,000
50,000
50,000
50,000
100,000

75% of the compensation determined was disbursed to each Supervisory Board member after submitting invoices within
the first three months of the following year. The other 25% was converted by the company at the same time into company
shares based on the average closing price on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra or successor system) during the last ten
trading days of the preceding January, calculated to three digits after the decimal point. The share value of this number of
shares was paid to the respective Supervisory Board member in February of the year following his departure from the
Supervisory Board or the expiration of his term of office, based on the average closing price on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange (Xetra or successor system) during the last ten trading days of the preceding January, provided that the member
did not leave the Supervisory Board due to important cause which would have justified dismissal (forfeiture regulation).
In case of a change in Supervisory Board membership during the year, compensation for the financial year was paid on a
pro rata basis, rounded up/down to full months. For the year of departure, the entire compensation was paid in cash; a
forfeiture regulation applied to 25% of the compensation for that financial year.
The company reimbursed the Supervisory Board members for the cash expenses incurred in the performance of their
office, including any value added tax (VAT) on their compensation and reimbursements of expenses. Furthermore, any
employer contributions to social security schemes that may be applicable under foreign law to the performance of their
Supervisory Board work was paid for each Supervisory Board member affected. Finally, the Supervisory Board Chairman
was reimbursed appropriately for travel expenses incurred in performing representative tasks due to his function and
reimbursed for costs for the security measures required based on his function.
In the interest of the company, the members of the Supervisory Board were included in an appropriate amount in a financial
liability insurance policy held by the company. The premiums for this were paid by the company.

592

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Comparative presentation of compensation and earnings trends

Comparative presentation of compensation and
earnings trends
The following table shows the comparative presentation of the change from year to year in the compensation, in the
earnings of the company and the Group as well as in the average compensation of employees on a full-time equivalent
basis. The information provided pursuant to Section 162 (1) sentence 2 No. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act will be
successively expanded with the change from one financial year to the prior year until a reporting period of five years is
reached. Starting with the 2025 financial year, the year-to-year changes will be shown for each of the past five years.
The information on the compensation of the current and former members of the Management Board and Supervisory
Board reflects the individualized statement in the Compensation Report of the paid or owed compensation pursuant to
Section 162 (1) sentence 2 No. 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act. The presentation of the development of the
company’s earnings is to reflect, according to the legal requirements, those of the stand-alone listed company, i.e.
Deutsche Bank AG. Accordingly, the net income (net loss) of Deutsche Bank AG is used to present earnings within the
meaning of Section 162 (1) sentence 2 No. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act. As the Management Board
compensation is measured on the basis of Group figures, the earnings figures for the Group are additionally shown for the
comparative presentation. These Group earnings figures are net income (net loss), cost/income ratio and Return on
Tangible Equity (RoTE). For the group of employees for the comparison, the data relevant for Deutsche Bank Group were
used in light of Deutsche Bank’s global workforce. The group of employees for the comparison comprises all of the
employees worldwide of Deutsche Bank Group.

2024
1. Company profit development
Net income (net loss) of Deutsche
Bank AG (in € m)
2,883
Net income (net loss) of Deutsche
Bank Group (in € m)
3,366
Cost/income ratio of Deutsche
Bank Group (in %)
76.3%
Return on Tangible Equity (RoTE)
of Deutsche Bank
4.7%
2. Average compensation
employees
World-wide on a full-time
equivalent basis
122,985
3. Management Board
compensation (in € t.)
Current Management Board
members
Christian Sewing
(member since January 1, 2015)
4,876
James von Moltke
(member since July 1, 2017)
4,740
Fabrizio Campelli
(member since November 1,
2019)
4,129
Claudio de Sanctis
(member since July 1, 2023)
3,220
Bernd Leukert
(member since January 1, 2020)
3,065
Alexander von zur Mühlen
(member since August 1, 2020)
4,133
Laura Padovani
(member since July 1, 2024)
1,112
Rebecca Short
(member since May 1, 2021)
2,946
Prof. Dr. Stefan Simon
(member since August 1, 2020)
4,118
Olivier Vigneron
(member since May 20, 2022)
2,679

2023

2022

2021

2020

Annual
change
from 2024
to 2023
in %

Annual
change
from 2023
to 2022
in %

Annual
change
from 2022
to 2021
in %

Annual
change
from 2021
to 2020
in %

4,999

5,506

1,919

(1,769)

(42)

(9)

187

N/M

4,772

5,525

2,365

495

(29)

(14)

134

N/M

75.1%

74.9%

84.6%

88.3%

2

0

(11)

(4)

7.4%

9.4%

3.8%

0.2%

(36)

(21)

147

N/M

116,713

125,301

120,336

113,350

5

(7)

4

6

5,010

4,394

3,867

3,352

(3)

14

14

15

4,065

3,783

4,009

3,635

17

7

(6)

10

3,909

2,744

2,420

2,222

6

42

13

9

1,509

-

-

-

113

N/M

N/M

N/M

2,990

2,593

2,419

2,222

3

15

7

9

3,767

3,412

3,157

1,282

10

10

8

146

-

-

-

-

N/M

N/M

N/M

N/M

2,674

2,436

1,606

-

10

10

52

N/M

3,319

2,488

2,446

1,007

24

33

2

143

2,433

1,508

-

-

10

61

N/M

N/M

593

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Members who left the
Management Board before the
financial year
Karl von Rohr
(member until October 31, 2023
Christiana Riley
(member until May 17, 2023)
Stuart Lewis
(member until May 19, 2023)
Frank Kuhnke
(member until 30 April 2021)
Werner Steinmüller
(member until July 31, 2020)
Sylvie Matherat
(member until July 31, 2019)
Garth Ritchie
(member until July 31, 2019)
Frank Strauß
(member until July 31, 2019)
Nicolas Moreau
(member until Dec 31, 2018)
Dr. Marcus Schenck
(member until May 24, 2018)
John Cryan
(member until April 8, 2018)
4. Supervisory Board compensation
(in € t.)
Current Supervisory Board
members
Alexander Wynaendts
(member since May 19, 2022)
Frank Schulze
(member since May 17, 2023)
Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
(member since August 1, 2018)
Susanne Bleidt
(member since May 17, 2023)
Mayree Clark
(member since May 24, 2018)
Jan Duscheck
(member since August 2, 2016)
Manja Eifert
(member since April 7, 2022)
Claudia Fieber
(member since May 17, 2023)
Sigmar Gabriel
(member since March 11, 2020)
Florian Haggenmiller
(member since January 16, 2024)
Timo Heider
(member since May 23, 2013)
Gerlinde Siebert
(member since May 17, 2023)
Yngve Slyngstad
(member since May 19, 2022)
Stephan Szukalski
(member until December 31,
2020;
member since May 17, 2023)
John Alexander Thain
(member since May 24, 2018)
Jürgen Tögel
(member since May 17, 2023)
Michele Trogni
(member since May 24, 2018)
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel
(member since August 1, 2019)

Comparative presentation of compensation and earnings trends

2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

Annual
change
from 2024
to 2023
in %

Annual
change
from 2023
to 2022
in %

Annual
change
from 2022
to 2021
in %

Annual
change
from 2021
to 2020
in %

2,4251

3,727

3,444

3,235

2,930

(35)

8

6

10

2

2,673

3,653

3,079

3,034

(100)

(27)

19

1

388

1,363

2,648

3,079

2,912

(72)

(49)

(14)

6

200

348

1,6261

2,2641

2,207

(43)

(79)

(28)

3

134

283

283

3,117

2,436

(53)

N/M

(91)

28

2,3351

132

134

211

2,719

1

N/M

(1)

(36)

(92)

1,7901

268

268

2,071

4,185

1

N/M

N/M

(87)

(51)

2,6681

326

326

326

2,168

1

N/M

N/M

N/M

(85)

2,7361

286

317

299

1,826

N/M

(10)

6

(84)

-

65

65

65

65

N/M

N/M

N/M

N/M

4,3821

3,3121

47

47

47

32

N/M

N/M

N/M

950

929

496

-

-

2

87

N/M

N/M

475

277

-

-

-

71

N/M

N/M

N/M

575

565

521

496

450

2

8

5

10

300

175

-

-

-

71

N/M

N/M

N/M

450

429

429

450

425

5

N/M

(5)

6

300

300

300

271

250

N/M

N/M

11

8

300

258

117

-

-

16

121

N/M

N/M

300

175

-

-

-

71

N/M

N/M

N/M

300

258

200

200

167

16

29

N/M

20

275

-

-

-

-

N/M

N/M

N/M

N/M

300

279

308

292

250

8

(9)

5

17

300

175

-

-

-

71

N/M

N/M

N/M

300

258

100

-

-

16

158

N/M

N/M

300

175

-

-

200

71

N/M

N/M

N/M

400

317

200

200

200

26

59

N/M

N/M

300

175

-

-

-

71

N/M

N/M

N/M

450

450

450

392

350

N/M

N/M

15

12

450

450

450

450

425

N/M

N/M

N/M

6

594

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Dr. Theodor Weimer
(member since May 20, 2020)
Frank Witter
(member since May 27, 2021)
Former Supervisory Board
members
Ludwig Blomeyer-Bartenstein
(member until May 17, 2023)
Detlef Polaschek
(member until May 17, 2023)
Martina Klee
(member until May 17, 2023)
Birgit Laumen
(member until January 12, 2024)
Gabriele Platscher
(member until May 17, 2023)
Bernd Rose
(member until May 17, 2023)
Stefan Viertel
(member until May 17, 2023)
Frank Werneke
(member until May 17, 2023)
Dr. Paul Achleitner
(member until May 19, 2022)
Dr. Gerhard Eschelbeck
(member until May 19, 2022)
Henriette Mark
(member until March 31, 2022)
Frank Bsirske
(member until October 27, 2021)
Gerd Alexander Schütz
(member until May 27, 2021)
Katherine Garrett-Cox
(member until May 20, 2020)
1

Comparative presentation of compensation and earnings trends

2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

Annual
change
from 2024
to 2023
in %

Annual
change
from 2023
to 2022
in %

Annual
change
from 2022
to 2021
in %

Annual
change
from 2021
to 2020
in %

300

258

200

200

108

16

29

N/M

85

450

388

300

142

-

16

29

111

N/M

-

125

300

300

300

N/M

(58)

N/M

N/M

-

188

450

450

450

N/M

(58)

N/M

N/M

-

83

200

171

150

N/M

(59)

17

14

-

175

-

-

-

N/M

N/M

N/M

N/M

-

125

300

300

300

N/M

(58)

N/M

N/M

-

146

350

321

275

N/M

(58)

9

17

-

146

321

242

-

N/M

(55)

33

N/M

-

125

300

8

-

N/M

(58)

N/M

N/M

-

-

375

871

802

N/M

N/M

(57)

9

-

-

104

217

150

N/M

N/M

(52)

45

-

-

63

250

250

N/M

N/M

(75)

N/M

-

-

-

250

300

N/M

N/M

N/M

(17)

-

-

-

50

175

N/M

N/M

N/M

(71)

-

-

-

-

100

N/M

N/M

N/M

N/M

Including Termination Benefits

595

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Independent auditor’s report

Independent auditor’s report
To Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main
We have audited the attached remuneration report of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, prepared to
comply with Sec. 162 AktG [“Aktiengesetz”: German Stock Corporation Act] for the fiscal year from 1 January 2024 to 31
December 2024 and the related disclosures. We have not audited the content of the disclosures in section “Compensation
of the employees” where they go beyond the scope of Sec. 162 AktG.

Responsibilities of the executive directors and the supervisory board
The executive directors and supervisory board of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft are responsible for the preparation of
the remuneration report and the related disclosures in compliance with the requirements of Sec. 162 AktG. In addition, the
executive directors and supervisory board are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of a remuneration report and the related disclosures that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent financial reporting and misappropriation of assets) or error.

Auditor’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this remuneration report and the related disclosures based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in compliance with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits
promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). Those standards require
that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the remuneration report and the related disclosures are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts in the remuneration report and the
related disclosures. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the remuneration report and the related disclosures, whether due to fraud or error. In making
those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the preparation of the remuneration report and
the related disclosures in order to plan and perform audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes
evaluating the accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the executive directors
and supervisory board, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the remuneration report and the related
disclosures.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Opinion
In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit, the remuneration report for the fiscal year from 1
January 2024 to 31 December 2024 and the related disclosures comply, in all material respects, with the financial reporting
provisions of Sec. 162 AktG. We do not express an opinion on the content of the abovementioned disclosures of the
remuneration report that go beyond the scope of Sec. 162 AktG.

596

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Independent auditor’s report

Other matter – formal audit of the remuneration report
The audit of the content of the remuneration report described in this auditor’s report comprises the formal audit of the
remuneration report required by Sec. 162 (3) AktG and the issue of a report on this audit. As we are issuing an unqualified
opinion on the audit of the content of the remuneration report, this also includes the opinion that the disclosures pursuant
to Sec. 162 (1) and (2) AktG are made in the remuneration report in all material respects.

Eschborn/Frankfurt am Main, 10 March 2025
EY GmbH & Co. KG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Lösken

Mai

Wirtschaftsprüfer
[German Public Auditor]

Wirtschaftsprüfer
[German Public Auditor]

597

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Regulatory environment

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
The content of the 2024 Employee Compensation Report is based on the qualitative and quantitative remuneration
disclosure requirements outlined in Article 450 No. 1 (a) to (j) Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR) in conjunction with
Section 16 of the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions (Institutsvergütungsverordnung – InstVV).
This Compensation Report takes a group-wide view and covers all consolidated entities of the Deutsche Bank Group. In
accordance with regulatory requirements, equivalent reports for 2024 are prepared for BHW Bausparkasse AG classified
as Significant Institution in the meaning of the German Banking Act as well as for other subsidiaries within Deutsche Bank
Group in accordance with local regulatory requirements.

Regulatory environment
Ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements is an overarching consideration in the bank’s Group Compensation
Strategy. The bank strives to be at the forefront of implementing regulatory requirements with respect to compensation
and will continue to maintain a close exchange with its prudential supervisor, the European Central Bank (ECB), to be in
compliance with all existing and new requirements.
As an EU-headquartered institution, Deutsche Bank is subject to the Capital Requirements Regulation/Directive
(CRR/CRD) globally, as transposed into German national law in the German Banking Act and InstVV. These rules are applied
to all of Deutsche Bank subsidiaries and branches world-wide to the extent required in accordance with Section 27 InstVV.
As a Significant Institution within the meaning of the German Banking Act, Deutsche Bank identifies all employees whose
work is deemed to have a material impact on the overall risk profile (Material Risk Takers or MRTs) in accordance with the
criteria stipulated in the German Banking Act and in the Commission Delegated Regulation 2021/923. MRT identification
is performed for Deutsche Bank Group as well as for institutions in the EU at institutional level.
Taking into account more specific sectorial legislation and in accordance with InstVV, some of Deutsche Bank’s subsidiaries
(in particular within the DWS Group) fall under sector specific remuneration rules, such as the Alternative Investments
Fund Managers Directive (AIFMD), the Undertakings for Collective Investments in Transferable Securities Directive (UCITS)
and the Investment Firm Directive (IFD) including the applicable local transpositions. MRTs are also identified in these
subsidiaries. Identified employees are subject to the remuneration provisions outlined in the applicable Guidelines on
sound remuneration policies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) and the European
Banking Authority (EBA).
Deutsche Bank takes into account the regulations targeted at employees who engage directly or indirectly with the bank’s
clients, for instance as per the local transpositions of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – MiFID II.
Accordingly, specific provisions for employees deemed to be Relevant Persons are implemented with a view to ensuring
that they act in the best interest of the bank’s clients.
Where applicable, Deutsche Bank is also subject to specific rules and regulations implemented by local regulators. Many
of these requirements are aligned with the InstVV. However, where variations are apparent, proactive and open discussions
with regulators have enabled the bank to follow the local regulations whilst ensuring that any impacted employees or
locations remain within the bank’s overall Group Compensation Framework. This includes, amongst others, the
compensation structures applied to Covered Employees in the United States under the requirements of the Federal
Reserve Board as well as the requirements related to compensation recovery for executive officers in the event of an
accounting restatement as required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In any case, the InstVV requirements
are applied as minimum standards globally.

598

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Compensation governance

Compensation governance
Deutsche Bank has a robust governance structure enabling it to operate within the clear parameters of its Compensation
Strategy and Policy. In accordance with the German two-tier board structure, the Supervisory Board governs the
compensation of the Management Board members while the Management Board oversees compensation matters for all
other employees in the Group. Both the Supervisory Board and the Management Board are supported by specific
committees and functions, in particular the Compensation Control Committee (CCC), the Compensation Officer, and the
Senior Executive Compensation Committee (SECC).
In line with their responsibilities, the bank’s control functions as per InstVV are involved in the design and application of
the bank’s remuneration systems, in the identification of MRTs and in determining the total amount of Variable
Compensation. This includes assessing the impact of employees’ behavior and the business-related risks, performance
criteria, granting of remuneration and severances as well as ex-post risk adjustments.
Reward governance structure

1

Does not comprise a complete list of Supervisory Board Committees

Compensation Control Committee (CCC)
The Supervisory Board has set up the CCC to support in establishing and monitoring the structure of the compensation
system for the Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG. Furthermore, the CCC monitors the appropriateness
of the compensation systems for the employees of Deutsche Bank Group, as established by the Management Board and
the SECC. The CCC reviews whether the total amount of variable compensation is affordable and set in accordance with
the risk, capital and liquidity situation as well as in alignment with the business and risk strategies. Furthermore, the CCC
supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the bank’s MRT identification process.
Further details, including the composition and the number of meetings held, can be found in the Report of the Supervisory
Board within this Annual Report.
Compensation Officer
The Management Board, in cooperation with the CCC, has appointed a Group Compensation Officer to support the
Supervisory Boards of Deutsche Bank AG and of the bank’s Significant Institutions in Germany in performing their
compensation related duties. The Compensation Officer is involved in the conceptual review, development, monitoring
and application of the employees’ compensation systems, the MRT identification and remuneration disclosures on an
ongoing basis. The Compensation Officer performs all relevant monitoring obligations independently, provides an
assessment on the appropriateness of the design and strategy of the compensation systems for employees at least
annually and regularly supports and advises the CCC.

599

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Compensation and Benefits Strategy

Senior Executive Compensation Committee (SECC)
The SECC is a delegated committee established by the Management Board which has the mandate to develop sustainable
compensation principles, to prepare recommendations on Total Compensation levels and to ensure appropriate
compensation governance and oversight. The SECC establishes the Compensation and Benefits Strategy, Policy and
corresponding guiding principles. Moreover, using quantitative and qualitative factors, the SECC assesses Group and
divisional performance as a basis for compensation decisions and makes recommendations to the Management Board
regarding the total amount of annual variable compensation and its allocation across business divisions and infrastructure
functions.
In order to maintain its independence, only representatives from infrastructure and control functions who are not aligned
to any of the business divisions are members of the SECC. In 2024, the SECC’s membership comprised of the DB AG
Management Board member responsible for Human Resources and the Chief Financial Officer as Co-Chairpersons, the
Head of Compliance, the Head of Human Resources and the Head of Performance & Reward as well as an additional
representative from both Finance and Risk as voting members. The Compensation Officer and an additional representative
from Finance participated as non-voting members. The SECC generally meets on a monthly basis but with more frequent
meetings during the compensation determination process. It held 19 meetings in total with regard to the compensation
process for the performance year 2024.

Compensation and Benefits Strategy
Deutsche Bank recognizes that its compensation framework plays a vital role in supporting its strategic objectives. It
enables the bank to attract and retain the individuals required to achieve the bank’s objectives. The Compensation and
Benefits Strategy is built on three core pillars (Principles, Performance and Processes as outlined below) that support the
bank’s global, client-centric business and risk strategy, reinforced by safe and sound compensation practices that operate
within the bank’s profitability, solvency and liquidity position.

600

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Group Compensation Framework

Group Compensation Framework
The compensation framework, generally applicable globally across all regions and business lines, emphasizes an
appropriate balance between Fixed Pay (FP) and Variable Compensation (VC) – together forming Total Compensation (TC).
It aligns incentives for sustainable performance at all levels of Deutsche Bank whilst ensuring the transparency of
compensation decisions and their impact on shareholders and employees. The underlying principles of Deutsche Bank’s
Compensation Framework are applied to all employees equally and are supported by the key principle ‘equal pay for equal
work or work of equal value’ and the necessity for equal opportunities, irrespective of differences in, e.g., tenure, gender
or ethnicity.
Pursuant to CRD and the requirements subsequently adopted in the German Banking Act, Deutsche Bank is subject to a
maximum ratio of 1:1 with regard to fixed-to-variable remuneration components, which was increased to 1:2 for a limited
population with shareholder approval on May 22, 2014 with an approval rate of 95.27%, based on valid votes by 27.68% of
the share capital represented at the Annual General Meeting. Control Functions as defined by InstVV, comprising Risk,
Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime, Group Audit and the Group Compensation Officer and his Deputy, are subject to a
maximum ratio of 2:1. Employees in certain infrastructure functions should continue to be subject to a maximum ratio of
1:1.
With effect from 2024 the bank amended and simplified its compensation framework by ensuring all employees are eligible
for individual VC, by incorporating the former Group VC Component into the overall VC pool determination, and by
removing both Reference Total Compensation and Recognition Awards. To maintain an appropriate balance between FP
and VC, the bank implemented a more standardized VC orientation concept with orientation values based on division,
profession and seniority that indicate the average expected VC as a percentage value of FP.
Fixed Pay is the key and primary compensation element for most employees globally. It is a fixed regular payment based
on transparent and predetermined conditions. It is delivered either in the form of base salary and where applicable local
specific fixed pay allowances. Fixed Pay reflects the value of the individual role and function within the organization,
regional and divisional specifics and rewards the factors an employee brings to the organization such as qualification, skills
and experience required for the role in line with remuneration levels in the specific geographic location and level of
responsibility.
Variable Compensation is a discretionary compensation component that reflects Group, Divisional risk-adjusted financial
and non-financial performance as well as individual contributions. It acknowledges that employees contribute towards the
success of their Division and the Group as a whole. At the same time, VC allows the bank to differentiate individual
contributions and to drive behavior and conduct through an incentive system that can positively influence culture and the
achievement of the bank’s strategic objectives and to apply consequences for falling below the standards of delivery,
behavior and conduct by reducing the VC.
In the context of InstVV, severance payments are considered variable compensation. The bank’s severance framework
ensures full alignment with the respective InstVV requirements.
Employee benefits are considered FP from a regulatory perspective, as they have no direct link to performance or
discretion. They are granted in accordance with applicable local market practices and requirements. Pension expenses
represent the main element of the bank’s benefits portfolio globally.
Total Compensation (TC) is made up of defined Fixed Pay, Variable Compensation and is supplemented by benefits.

601

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Employee groups with specific compensation structures

Employee groups with specific compensation structures
For some areas of the bank, compensation structures deviate in some aspects from the Group Compensation Framework
outlined above, but within regulatory boundaries.
Postbank units
While executive staff of former Postbank generally follow the remuneration structure of Deutsche Bank, the compensation
for any other staff in Postbank units is based on specific frameworks agreed with trade unions or with the respective
workers’ councils. Where no collective agreements exist, compensation is subject to individual contracts. In general, nonexecutive and tariff staff in Postbank units receive VC, but the structure and portion of VC can differ between legal entities.
DWS
DWS asset management entities and employees fall under AIFMD, UCITS or IFD regulation, with only a very limited number
of employees remain in scope of the bank’s Group InstVV requirements. DWS has established its own compensation
governance, policy, and structures, as well as Risk Taker identification process in line with its regulatory requirements.
These structures and processes are aligned with InstVV where required but tailored towards the Asset Management
business. Pursuant to the ESMA/EBA Guidelines, DWS’s compensation strategy is designed to ensure an appropriate ratio
between fixed and variable compensation.
Generally, DWS applies remuneration rules that are equivalent to the Deutsche Bank Group approach, but use DWS Grouprelated parameters, where possible. Notable deviations from the Group Compensation Framework include the use of
share-based instruments linked to DWS shares and fund-linked instruments. These serve to improve the alignment of
employee compensation with DWS’ shareholders’ and investors’ interests.
Tariff staff
Tariff staff are either subject to a collective agreement (Tarifvertrag für das private Bankgewerbe und die öffentlichen
Banken), as negotiated between trade unions and employer associations, or subject to agreements as negotiated with the
respective trade unions directly. The remuneration of tariff staff is included in the quantitative disclosures in this Report.

602

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Determination of performance-based variable compensation

Determination of performance-based variable compensation
The bank puts a strong focus on its governance related to compensation decision-making processes. A robust set of rulebased principles for compensation decisions with close links to the performance of both businesses and individuals were
applied.
The total amount of VC for any given performance year is derived from an assessment of the bank’s profitability, solvency,
and liquidity position (affordability assessment), Group performance and the performance of divisions and infrastructure
functions in support of achieving the bank’s strategic objectives.
In a first step, Deutsche Bank assesses the bank’s affordability as well as other limitations (such as cost constraints) to
determine what the bank “can” award in line with regulatory and internal requirements. In the next step, the bank assesses
divisional risk-adjusted performance, i.e. what the bank “should” award in order to provide an appropriate compensation
for contributions to the bank’s success. The proportion of the VC pools related to Group performance, which has a
weighting of 25%, is determined based on the performance of a selected number of Group’s Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs), including Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) Capital Ratio, Cost/Income Ratio (CIR), Post-Tax Return on Tangible Equity
(RoTE), ESG: Environmental - Sustainable Financing and ESG Investments, Social - Gender Diversity and Governance Audit Control Risk Management Grade.
When assessing divisional performance, a range of considerations are referenced. Performance is assessed in the context
of financial and – based on Balanced Scorecards – non-financial targets. To ensure that performance is reviewed in its
entirety and that consideration is also given to criteria that are difficult to evaluate with a solely formulaic approach, the
SECC additionally conducts a qualitative review. Following the quantitative calculation of the combined performance
assessed VC pools, the SECC will review a set of pre-defined qualitative criteria related to both financial and non-financial
performance and may decide to apply a maximum 10 percentage points up or down overlay on the divisional performance
assessment. The financial targets for front-office divisions are subject to appropriate risk-adjustment, in particular by
referencing the degree of future potential risks to which Deutsche Bank may be exposed, and the amount of capital
required to absorb severe unexpected losses arising from these risks. For the infrastructure functions, the financial
performance assessment is mainly based on the achievement of cost targets. While the allocation of VC to infrastructure
functions, and in particular to control functions, depends on both Deutsche Bank’s overall and their own performance, it
is not dependent on the performance of the division(s) that these functions oversee.
At the level of the individual employee, the VC Guiding Principles are established, which detail the factors and metrics that
managers need to take into account when making VC decisions. In doing so, they must fully appreciate the risk-taking
activities of individuals to ensure that VC allocations are balanced and risk-taking is not inappropriately incentivized. The
factors and metrics to be considered include, but are not limited to, (i) business delivery (“What”), i.e. quantitative and
qualitative financial, risk-adjusted and non-financial performance metrics, and (ii) behavior (“How”), i.e. culture, conduct
and control considerations such as qualitative inputs from control functions or disciplinary sanctions. VC setting
recommendations help managers to translate individual performance (“What” and “How”) into appropriate pay outcomes.
Generally, performance is assessed based on a one-year period. However, for Management Board members of all
Significant Institutions, a performance period of three years is taken into account.

603

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Variable compensation structure

Variable compensation structure
The compensation structures are designed to provide a mechanism that promotes and supports long-term performance
of employees and the bank. Whilst a portion of VC is paid upfront, these structures require that an appropriate portion is
deferred to ensure alignment to the sustainable performance of the Group. For both parts of VC, Deutsche Bank shares
are used as instruments and as an effective way to align compensation with Deutsche Bank’s sustainable performance and
the interests of shareholders.
The bank continues to go beyond regulatory requirements with the scope as well as the amount of VC that is deferred and
the minimum deferral periods for certain employee groups. The deferral rate and period are determined based on the risk
categorization of the employee as well as the business unit. Where applicable, the bank starts to defer parts of variable
compensation for MRTs where VC is set at or above € 50,000 or where VC exceeds 1/3 of TC. For non-MRTs, deferrals start
at higher levels of VC. MRTs are on average subject to deferral rates in excess of the minimum 40% (60% for Senior
Management) as required by InstVV. For MRTs in Material Business Units (MBU) the bank applies a deferral rate of at least
50%. The VC threshold for MRTs requiring at least 60% deferral is set at € 500,000. Moreover, for all employees whose FP
exceeds the amount of € 500,000, the full amount of the VC is deferred.
As detailed in the table below, deferral periods range from three to five years, dependent on employee groups.
Overview of 2024 award types (excluding DWS Group)
Award Type

Description

Beneficiaries

Deferral Period

Retention
Period

Upfront:
Cash VC

Upfront cash

All eligible
employees

N/A

N/A

MRTs with VC ≥
€ 50,000 or where
VC exceeds 1/3 of
TC

N/A

12 months

100% of VC, except
employees with
deferred awards
50% of upfront VC

Equal tranche vesting:
MRTs: 4 years
Senior Mgmt.1: 5 years
Non-MRTs: 3 years
Equal tranche vesting:
MRTs: 4 years
Senior Mgmt.1: 5 years
Non-MRTs: 3 years

N/A

50% of deferred VC

12 months
for MRTs

50% of deferred VC

Upfront:
Upfront equity (linked to
Equity Upfront Award Deutsche Bank’s share price
(EUA)
over the retention period)

Portion

Non-MRTs with
deferred awards
where 2024 TC >
€ 500,000
Deferred:
Restricted Incentive
Award (RIA)

Deferred cash

All employees with
deferred VC

Deferred:
Restricted Equity
Award (REA)

Deferred equity (linked to
All employees with
Deutsche Bank’s share price
deferred VC
over the vesting and retention
period)

N/A – Not applicable
1
For the purpose of Performance Year 2024 annual awards, Senior Management is defined DB AG MB-1 positions; incumbents of MB-2 positions in IB and CB reporting to
Head of CB and Co-Heads of IB; further individuals with significant business responsibilities; MB members of Significant Institutions in the meaning of the German
Banking Act; respective MB-1 positions with managerial responsibility; for the specific deferral rules for the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG refer to the
Compensation Report for the Management Board

Employees are not allowed to sell, pledge, transfer or assign a deferred award or any rights in respect to the award. They
may not enter into any transaction having an economic effect of hedging any variable compensation, for example
offsetting the risk of price movement with respect to the equity-based award. The Human Resources and Compliance
functions, overseen by the Compensation Officer, work together to monitor employee trading activity and to ensure that
all employees comply with this requirement.

604

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Ex-post risk adjustment of variable compensation

Ex-post risk adjustment of variable compensation
In line with regulatory requirements relating to ex-post risk adjustment of variable compensation, the bank believes that a
long-term view on conduct and performance of its employees is a key element of deferred VC. As a result, under the
Management Board’s oversight, all deferred awards are subject to performance conditions and forfeiture provisions as
detailed below.
Overview on Deutsche Bank Group performance conditions and forfeiture provisions of variable compensation granted for
Performance Year 2024

1
2
3

Considering clearly defined and governed adjustments for relevant Profit and Loss items (e.g., business restructurings; impairments of goodwill or intangibles)
Only applicable to InstVV MRTs in front office divisions
Other provisions may apply as outlined in the respective plan rules

605

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Compensation decisions for 2024

Compensation decisions for 2024
Year-end considerations and decisions for 2024
All compensation decisions are made within the boundaries of regulatory requirements. These requirements form the
overarching framework for determining compensation at Deutsche Bank. In particular, management must ensure that
compensation decisions are not detrimental to maintaining the bank’s sound capital base and liquidity reserves.
In 2024, Deutsche Bank successfully navigated an environment marked by persistent geopolitical uncertainties and
macroeconomic challenges. The bank demonstrated its operating strength by delivering a pre-tax profit of € 5.3 billion
while simultaneously absorbing nonoperating costs of € 2.6 billion consisting primarily of litigation charges relating largely
to longstanding matters, thereby reducing the risk profile of the bank. The bank’s resilient operating performance reflects
the successful execution of its Global Hausbank business model.
The bank’s employees delivered sustained business growth, with revenues exceeding € 30 billion, together with volume
growth and market share gains in key business segments, while assets under management rose to record levels. This,
combined with operating cost discipline, enabled Deutsche Bank to maintain strong capital levels while
simultaneously increasing capital distributions to shareholders, including a 50% rise in the dividend proposed for 2024.
Deutsche Bank’s 2024 compensation decisions reflect its commitment to recognize appropriately the contributions of its
employees and set fair and competitive compensation levels while also maintaining cost discipline, investing further in
business growth and controls, sustaining capital and balance sheet strength, and enabling continued growth in returns to
shareholders. The SECC continuously monitored potential VC awards with due consideration to these priorities throughout
the year.
With due consideration for all these factors, the Management Board determined that the bank is in a position to award
variable compensation, including a year-end performance-based VC pool, of € 2.514 billion for 2024 (2023:
€ 1.996 billion). The increase of Year-end performance-based VC as well as the decrease of Other VC is due to a
combination of factors. The replacement of Recognition Awards by individual VC for a significant number of employees of
lower seniority levels, as part of the new compensation framework, accounts for a portion; the strong performance of the
Investment Bank also contributes to the increase of Year-end performance-based VC.
The VC for the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG was determined, as always, by the Supervisory Board in a separate
process, but is included in the tables and charts below.
Compensation awards for 2024 – all employees

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)¹

Number of employees (full-time
equivalent)
Total compensation
Base salary and allowances
Pension expenses
Fixed Pay according to
§ 2 InstVV
Year-end performance-based
VC4
Other VC4
Severance payments
Variable Pay according to § 2
InstVV

2024

2023

Corporat
e
Functions3

Group
Total

Group
Total

Supervisory
Board²

Management
Board3

CB3

IB3

PB3

AM3

Control
Functions3

21
8
8
0

10
75
27
5

16,032
1,410
1,031
71

7,998
2,611
1,320
71

24,879
2,462
1,876
91

4,575
794
486
37

7,052
865
689
52

29,208
2,838
2,177
146

89,753
11,056
7,606
474

90,130
10,324
7,421
440

8

33

1,102

1,391

1,968

523

741

2,323

8,081

7,861

0
0
0

42
1
0

261
1
47

1,181
7
32

314
25
156

235
17
19

92
1
31

390
4
121

2,514
55
405

1,996
133
334

0

42

308

1,219

495

271

124

516

2,975

2,463

The table may contain marginal rounding differences; FTE (full-time equivalent) as of December 31, 2024; shows remuneration awarded to all employees (including 2024
leavers)
2
Supervisory Board represents the Supervisory Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG (they are not considered for the Group Total number of employees); employee
representatives are considered with their compensation for the Supervisory Board role only (their employee compensation is included in the relevant divisional column);
the remuneration for members of the Deutsche Bank AG Supervisory Board is not reflected in the Group Total
3
Management Board represents the Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG; IB = Investment Bank; CB = Corporate Bank; PB = Private Bank; AM = Asset
Management (DWS); Control Functions include Chief Risk Office, Group Audit, Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime; Corporate Functions include any Infrastructure
function which is neither captured as a Control Function nor part of any division
4
Year-end performance-based VC considers the newly introduced LTI Plan for Management Board members of Deutsche Bank AG set up for the performance period
2024-2026, which during the “transition phase” is shown with the target amount; other VC includes other contractual VC commitments such as sign-on awards, retention
awards and specific VC elements for tariff staff and civil servants; it also includes fringe benefits awarded to Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG which are
to be classified as variable remuneration; the table does not include new hire replacement awards for lost entitlements from previous employers (buyouts)
1

606

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Compensation decisions for 2024

Reported year-end performance-based variable compensation and deferral rates year over year – all employees

Deferral rate in %

100%

€4 bn

49%

28%

42%

37%

36%

47%

48%

45%

43%

46%

90%
80%

€3 bn

2.5
2.4
2.2
€2 bn

2.1

2.1
1.9

1.9

1.4
1.1

1.3

1.2

1.0

1.2

60%

2.0

1.6

1.2

1.2

30%

€0 bn

2015

20%

0.5
0.4
0.1
2016

50%
40%

1.1

1.0

€1 bn

70%

0.9

0.7

0.6

2018

2019

0.9

1.0

1.0

0.9

2020

2021

2022

2023

1.2

10%
0%

2017

Deferred Compensation

2024

Upfront Cash

Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals.

Deutsche Bank continues to apply deferral structures that go beyond the regulatory minimum, resulting in an overall
deferral rate (all employees including non-MRT population) of 46% in 2024 (compared to 43% in 2023). For the MRT
population only, the deferral rate amounts to 92% (compared to 91% in 2023).

607

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Material Risk Taker compensation disclosure

Material Risk Taker compensation disclosure
On a global basis, 1,451 employees were identified as MRTs according to CRD/InstVV for financial year 2024, compared
to 1,477 employees for 2023. The number of 2024 Group MRTs amounts to 1,213 individuals. Moreover, 292 individuals
were identified at an institutional level (thereof 54 Group MRTs). The remuneration elements for all those MRTs on a
consolidated basis are detailed in the tables below in accordance with Article 450 CRR. Where applicable, the EU REM
tables display the prescribed business lines as per Annex XXXIII of Regulation No 575/2013.
With regard to deferral arrangements and pay-out instruments, 86 MRTs, whose total remuneration amounts to
€ 16.8 million (thereof € 5.7 million variable remuneration including severance payments) benefit from a derogation laid
down in Article 94(3) CRD point (a) and 63 MRTs, whose total remuneration amounts to € 15.3 million (thereof € 5.5 million
variable remuneration including severance payments) benefit from a derogation laid down in Article 94(3) CRD point (b).
Remuneration for 2024 - Material Risk Takers (REM 1)
2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)¹

Fixed Pay

Variable Pay

Number of MRTs5
Total Fixed Pay
of which: cash-based
of which: shares or equivalent ownership interests
of which: share-linked instruments or equivalent
non-cash instruments
of which: other instruments
of which: other forms
Number of MRTs5
Total Variable Pay6
of which: cash-based
of which: deferred
of which: shares or equivalent ownership interests
of which: deferred
of which: share-linked instruments or equivalent
non-cash instruments
of which: deferred
of which: other instruments
of which: deferred
of which: other forms
of which: deferred
Total Pay

Supervisory
Board²

Management
Board3

Senior
Management4

Other Material
Risk Takers

Group
Total

21
8
8
0

10
33
29
0

224
166
160
0

1,020
653
621
0

1,275
860
818
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
4
10
42
9
0
34
26

0
0
6
223
171
92
75
75
73

0
0
32
984
667
351
269
316
269

0
0
42
1,217
881
451
344
426
368

0
0
0
0
0
0
8

0
0
0
0
0
0
75

4
3
1
1
0
0
338

0
0
0
0
0
0
1,321

4
3
1
1
0
0
1,741

The table may contain marginal rounding differences
Supervisory Board represents the Supervisory Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG
Management Board represents the Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG
4
Senior Management is defined as Deutsche Bank AG MB-1 positions; incumbents of MB-2 positions in IB and CB reporting to Head of CB and Co-Heads of IB; further
individuals with significant business responsibilities; MB members of institutions required to identify MRTs at a solo institutional level and respective MB-1 positions with
managerial responsibility
5
Beneficiaries only as of December 31, 2024 (HC reported for Supervisory Board and Management Board, FTE reported for the remaining part); therefore, the totals do not
add up to the 1,451 individuals identified as MRTs; shows remuneration awarded to all MRTs (including 2024 leavers)
6
Variable Pay includes Deutsche Bank´s Year-end performance-based VC for 2024, other VC and severance payments; it also includes fringe benefits awarded to
Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG which are to be classified as variable remuneration, and considers the newly introduced LTI Plan for Management
Board members of Deutsche Bank AG set up for the performance period 2024-2026, which during the “transition phase” is shown with the target amount; the table does
not include new hire replacement awards for lost entitlements from previous employers (buyouts)
1
2
3

608

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Material Risk Taker compensation disclosure

Guaranteed variable remuneration and severance payments - Material Risk Takers (REM 2)
2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)¹

Guaranteed variable remuneration awards
Number of MRTs5
Total amount
of which: paid during financial year, not taken into account in
bonus cap
Severance payments awarded in previous periods, paid out during
financial year
Number of MRTs5
Total amount
Severance payments awarded during financial year
Number of MRTs5
Total amount6
of which: paid during financial year
of which: deferred
of which: paid during financial year, not taken into account in
bonus cap
of which: highest payment that has been awarded to a single
person

Supervisory
Board²

Management
Board3

Senior
Management4

Other Material
Risk Takers

Group
Total

0
0

0
0

4
6

2
9

6
15

0

0

3

8

10

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

8
8
8
0

69
34
32
2

77
42
40
2

0

0

8

32

40

0

0

2

3

3

The table may contain marginal rounding differences
2
Supervisory Board represents the Supervisory Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG
3
Management Board represents the Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG
4
Senior Management is defined as Deutsche Bank AG MB-1 positions; incumbents of MB-2 positions in IB and CB reporting to Head of CB and Co-Heads of IB; further
individuals with significant business responsibilities; MB members of institutions required to identify MRTs at a solo institutional level and respective MB-1 positions with
managerial responsibility
5
Beneficiaries only (HC reported for all categories)
1

609

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Material Risk Taker compensation disclosure

Deferred remuneration - Material Risk Takers (REM 3)
2024

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)¹

Supervisory Board2
Cash-based
Shares or equivalent
ownership interests
Share-linked instruments
or equivalent non-cash
instruments
Other instruments
Other forms
Management Board3
Cash-based
Shares or equivalent
ownership interests
Share-linked instruments
or equivalent non-cash
instruments
Other instruments
Other forms
Senior management4
Cash-based
Shares or equivalent
ownership interests
Share-linked instruments
or equivalent non-cash
instruments
Other instruments
Other forms
Other Material Risk Takers
Cash-based
Shares or equivalent
ownership interests
Share-linked instruments
or equivalent non-cash
instruments
Other instruments
Other forms
Total amount

Amount of
performance
adjustment
made in the
financial year
to deferred
remuneration
that was due
to vest in
future
performance
years

Total amount
of adjustment
during the
financial year
due to ex post
implicit
adjustments5

Total amount
of deferred
remuneration
awarded
before the
financial year
actually paid
out in the
financial year6

Total of
amount of
deferred
remuneration
awarded for
previous
performance
period that
has vested
but is subject
to retention
periods

Total amount
of deferred
remuneration
awarded for
previous
performance
periods

Of which due
to vest in the
financial year

Of which
vesting in
subsequent
financial years

Amount of
performance
adjustment
made in the
financial year
to deferred
remuneration
that was due
to vest in the
financial year

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0
0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
0
0
124
55

0
0
0
18
7

0
0
0
106
48

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
26
0

0
0
0
18
7

0
0
0
11
0

69

11

58

0

0

26

11

11

0
0
0
374
183

0
0
0
77
38

0
0
0
297
145

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
69
0

0
0
0
77
38

0
0
0
38
0

183

38

144

0

0

68

38

37

6
2
0
1,472
725

1
0
0
369
180

5
2
0
1,102
545

0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
1
1

1
0
0
256
0

1
0
0
366
179

1
0
0
141
0

746

189

557

0

1

256

187

141

1
0
0
1,970

0
0
0
465

0
0
0
1,505

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
1

0
0
0
351

0
0
0
461

0
0
0
190

The table may contain marginal rounding differences
Supervisory Board represents the Supervisory Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG
Management Board represents the Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG
4
Senior Management is defined as Deutsche Bank AG MB-1 positions; incumbents of MB-2 positions in IB and CB reporting to Head of CB and Co-Heads of IB; further
individuals with significant business responsibilities; MB members of institutions required to identify MRTs at a solo institutional level and respective MB-1 positions with
managerial responsibility
5
Changes of value of deferred remuneration due to the changes of prices of instruments
6
Defined as remuneration awarded before the financial year which vested in the financial year (including where subject to a retention period)
1
2
3

610

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compensation of the employees (unaudited)
Material Risk Taker compensation disclosure

Remuneration of high earners – Material Risk Takers (REM 4)
in €

2024

2023

Number of individuals

Number of individuals

331
125
59
48
25
14
6
5
9
3
12
3
3
3
0
1
647

290
88
53
16
8
14
11
1
4
8
5
4
2
0
1
0
505

Total Pay1
1,000,000 to 1,499,999
1,500,000 to 1,999,999
2,000,000 to 2,499,999
2,500,000 to 2,999,999
3,000,000 to 3,499,999
3,500,000 to 3,999,999
4.000,000 to 4,499,999
4,500,000 to 4,999,999
5,000,000 to 5,999,999
6,000,000 to 6,999,999
7,000,000 to 7,999,999
8,000,000 to 8,999,999
9,000,000 to 9,999,999
10,000,000 to 10,999,999
14,000,000 to 14,999,999
17,000,000 to 17,999,999
Total
1

Includes all components of FP and VC (including severances); buyouts are not included

In total, 647 MRTs received a Total Pay of € 1 million or more for 2024. This increase is mainly driven by the greater
allocation of the variable compensation pool to the Investment Bank in recognition of its strong performance.
Compensation awards 2024 – Material Risk Takers (REM 5)
Management Body Remuneration

in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)¹

Total number of Material Risk Takers3
of which: Management Body
of which: Senior Management4
of which: Other Material Risk Takers
Total Pay of Material Risk Takers
of which: variable pay5
of which: fixed pay

Supervisory
Board2

21
N/A
N/A
8
0
8

Management
Board2

10
N/A
N/A
75
42
33

Total
Management
Body

31
N/A
N/A
83
42
40

Business Areas
Investment
Banking2

N/A
27
582
1,095
588
507

Retail
Banking2

N/A
76
224
295
143
152

Asset
Management2

N/A
5
0
15
7
7

Corporate
Functions
2

N/A
79
130
177
76
100

Control
Functions
2

N/A
38
84
77
23
54

Total

1,275
N/A
224
1,020
1,741
881
860

The table may contain marginal rounding differences
Supervisory Board represents the Supervisory Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG, Management Board represents the Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank
AG; Investment Banking = Investment Bank; Retail Banking = Private Bank and Corporate Bank; Asset Management = Asset Management (DWS); Control Functions
include Chief Risk Office, Group Audit, Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime; Corporate Functions include any Infrastructure function which is neither captured as a
Control Function nor part of any division
3
HC as of December 31, 2024 reported for Supervisory Board and Management Board, FTE as of December 31, 2024 reported for the remaining part; therefore, the totals
do not add up to the 1,451 individuals identified as MRTs; shows remuneration awarded to all MRTs (including 2024 leavers)
4
Senior Management is defined as Deutsche Bank AG MB-1 positions; incumbents of MB-2 positions in IB and CB reporting to Head of CB and Co-Heads of IB; further
individuals with significant business responsibilities; MB members of institutions required to identify MRTs at a solo institutional level and respective MB-1 positions with
managerial responsibility
5
Variable Pay includes Deutsche Bank´s Year-end performance-based VC for 2024, other VC and severance payments; it also includes fringe benefits awarded to
Management Board Members of Deutsche Bank AG which are to be classified as variable remuneration, and considers the newly introduced LTI Plan for Management
Board members of Deutsche Bank AG set up for the performance period 2024-2026, which during the “transition phase” is shown with the target amount; the table does
not include new hire replacement awards for lost entitlements from previous employers (buyouts)
1
2

611

4

Corporate Governance
Statement according to
Sections 289f and 315d of the
German Commercial Code

613

Compliance with the German
Corporate Governance Code

615

Management Board

621

Supervisory Board

636

Related Party Transactions

637

Principal accountant fees and services

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compliance with the German Corporate Governance Code
Declaration pursuant to Section 161 German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) (Declaration of
Conformity 2024)

Compliance with the German Corporate Governance
Code
Declaration pursuant to Section 161 German Stock
Corporation Act (AktG) (Declaration of Conformity 2024)
In updating the Declaration of Conformity issued on October 25, 2023, the Management Board and Supervisory Board of
Deutsche Bank AG published the following Declaration of Conformity on October 28, 2024.
“The Management Board and Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft state pursuant to Section 161
German Stock Corporation Act (AktG):
1.

The last Declaration of Conformity was issued on October 25, 2023. Since then Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft has
complied with the recommendations of the “Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code”
in the version of the Code dated April 28, 2022, published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on June 27, 2022,
and will continue to will continue with them in the future, with the exception of the following deviation:
The deviation concerns the second sentence of recommendation G.10, according to which long-term variable
remuneration components shall be accessible to a Management Board member only after a period of four years, and
relates exclusively to the Management Board compensation for the financial years 2021 to 2023.
The compensation system for the Management Board applicable for the period up to December 31, 2023, provided
that the long-term component of variable compensation vests over a deferral period of five years. As this involves
share-based compensation elements, these are subject to an additional holding period of one year after their vesting.
With regard to the structure of the deferral period, the Supervisory Board resolved in February 2022, February 2023
and January 2024 that, for the long-term component of variable compensation in each case relating to the
immediately preceding financial year, the Management Board members will be able to dispose over a first part of the
long-term component after just three years and over the last part after six years. The Supervisory Board thus remained
within the requirements for financial institutions set out in the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions
(Institutsvergütungsverordnung). We do not consider a further tightening of the bank-specific regulatory requirements
to be appropriate in the context of the previous compensation system. As in the last two years, we already today
declare a deviation from the recommendation, although the Management Board members will not be able to dispose
over the first part of the long-term components granted for the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years until 2025, 2026
and 2027.
The compensation system applicable as of the 2024 financial year – with regard to Management Board compensation
for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2024 – avoids the deviation from the Code specified above.

2.

The German Corporate Governance Code limits the applicability of the Code’s recommendations to the credit
institutions and insurance companies to the extent that the recommendations apply to them only insofar as there are
no statutory provisions to the contrary. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft last reported on the statutory regulations
and the effects for the Declaration of Conformity in its Corporate Governance Statement in the Annual Report 2023.

Frankfurt am Main, in October 2024
The Management Board
of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

The Supervisory Board
of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft”

613

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Compliance with the German Corporate Governance Code
Inapplicable Code recommendations due to the precedence of statutory provisions

Inapplicable Code recommendations due to the precedence of
statutory provisions
Pursuant to the recommendation in Section F.4 of the German Corporate Governance Code in the version of April 28, 2022,
companies subject to special legal regulations shall specify in the Corporate Governance Statement which Code
recommendations were not applicable due to over-riding legal stipulations.
For Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, this currently applies to the recommendation in Section D.5 of the German
Corporate Governance Code in the version of April 28, 2022, which states that the Supervisory Board shall form a
Nomination Committee which is composed exclusively of shareholder representatives.
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, as a supervised credit institution, is subject to the special legal regulations of the
German Banking Act (KWG). The Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft established a Nomination
Committee in accordance with Section 25d (11) of the German Banking Act (KWG) whose tasks are to support the
Supervisory Board in the following tasks:
– identifying candidates to fill a position on the Management Board and preparing proposals for the election of members
of the Supervisory Board;
– drawing up an objective to promote the representation of the under-represented gender on the Supervisory Board as
well as a strategy for achieving this;
– the regular assessment, to be performed at least once a year, of the structure, size, composition and performance of
the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board and making recommendations regarding this to the Supervisory
Board;
– the regular assessment, to be performed at least once a year, of the knowledge, skills and experience of the individual
members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board as well as of the respective body collectively; and
– the review of the Management Board’s principles for selecting and appointing persons to the upper management level
and the recommendations made to the Management Board in this respect.
The Nomination Committee to be established in accordance with the German Banking Act (KWG) therefore has numerous
tasks that go beyond the preparation of the election proposals for the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory
Board. A general exclusion of a supervisory board’s employee representatives from a membership on a committee is only
admissible, according to prevailing opinion, if there is a material reason for this. Whereas such a material reason can exist
for a committee that solely handles the preparation of the proposals to the General Meeting for the election of shareholder
representatives, a justification for the exclusion of employee representatives is lacking for a nomination committee with
the range of tasks assigned to it by the German Banking Act (KWG). Due to the Nomination Committee’s range of
mandatory tasks stipulated by the German Banking Act (KWG) and the inadmissibility of discriminating against employee
representatives in the composition of the committees, the recommendation in Section D.4 of the German Corporate
Governance Code is therefore not applicable to Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. Nonetheless, in order to take this
recommendation into account, Section 2 (3) of the Terms of Reference for the Nomination Committee provides that the
election proposals to the General Meeting are prepared only by the shareholder representatives on the Nomination
Committee.
All information presented in this Corporate Governance Statement according to Sections 289f and 315d of the German
Commercial Code is as of February 7, 2025.

614

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board
Procedures of the Management Board

Management Board
Procedures of the Management Board
Pursuant to its legal form as a German stock corporation, Management Board, Supervisory Board and Shareholders’
Meeting are the corporate bodies of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. Information on the composition of the Supervisory
Board is provided in the section “Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, Profile of Requirements, diversity
concept and status of implementation”. The Shareholders’ Meeting elects the shareholder representatives on the
Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board appoints the members of the Management Board and supervises the
management.
Deutsche Bank’s Management Board is responsible for the management of the company in accordance with the law, its
Articles of Association and the Terms of Reference for the Management Board with the objective of creating sustainable
value in the interests of the company. It considers the interests of shareholders, employees, and other company-related
stakeholders. The members of the Management Board are collectively responsible for managing the bank’s business
including Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) aspects. The Management Board, as the Group Management Board,
manages Deutsche Bank Group in accordance with uniform guidelines; it exercises general control over all Group
companies.
The Management Board decides on all matters prescribed by law and the Articles of Association and ensures compliance
with the legal requirements and internal guidelines (compliance). It also takes the necessary measures to ensure that
adequate internal guidelines are developed and implemented. The Management Board's responsibilities include, in
particular, the bank’s strategic management and direction, the allocation of resources, financial accounting and reporting,
control and risk management, the proper functioning of the business organization, the systematic identification and
assessment of the environmental and social impacts of the company’s operations as well as corporate control. The
Management Board decides on the appointments to the senior management level below the Management Board and, in
particular, on the appointment of Global Key Function Holders. In appointing people to management functions in the
Group, the Management Board takes diversity into account and strives, in particular, to achieve an appropriate
representation of women (more detailed information can be found in the Sustainability Statement in the chapter “Own
workforce” of the Annual Report 2024). The Management Board works closely together with the Supervisory Board in a
cooperative relationship of trust and for the benefit of the company. The Management Board reports to the Supervisory
Board at a minimum within the scope prescribed by law or administrative guidelines, in particular on all issues with
relevance for the Group concerning strategy, the intended business policy, planning, business development, risk situation,
risk management, staff development, reputation and compliance.
A comprehensive presentation of the duties, responsibilities and procedures of our Management Board is specified in its
Terms of Reference, the current version of which is available on our website (www.db.com/ir/en/documents.htm).
Sustainability
The Management Board exercises oversight of the double materiality assessment process to identify material topics and
manage material impacts, risks, and opportunities in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2772
of July 31, 2023 supplementing Directive 2013/34/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards to the
European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). To ensure adequate oversight of the results of the double materiality
assessment, Deutsche Bank has implemented a comprehensive sign-off process involving senior managers and established
governance bodies. Initially, Senior Certifying Officers formally signed off on the evaluation results for material topics
within their remit. Subsequently, the bank’s Group Sustainability Committee, which serves as the primary governance and
decision-making body for sustainability-related matters, approved the final set of material topics. Finally, the results of the
double materiality assessment were presented to the Management Board for approval (more detailed information can be
found in the Sustainability Statement in the chapter “Double materiality assessment” of the Annual Report 2024).
The results of the double materiality assessment were also presented to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board
and are laid out in the Sustainability Statement in the Management Report.

615

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board
Management Board committees

Business allocation plan
Notwithstanding the principle of collective responsibility, the Management Board’s Business Allocation Plan has allocated
individual members responsibility for specific functional area(s) and thus ensures a segregation of duties within the whole
organization up to the Management Board. Management Board members are responsible for delegating their duties to
subordinate levels of hierarchy and for clearly assigning responsibilities within their own area(a) of functional responsibility.
Such delegation is necessary for the proper functioning of the business organization and does not impact the responsibility
of Management Board members to adequately oversee delegated duties and tasks. Each individual with delegated
responsibilities is responsible for providing adequate information up to the Management Board to enable it to execute its
collective responsibilities.
Training of the Management Board
In order to fulfil the requirements for professional suitability, an ongoing system of Management Board training takes place
regularly throughout the year. This also covers Environmental, Social and Governance issues, along with numerous topic
areas in connection with law, compliance, anti-financial crime, data management, risk management and human resources.

Management Board committees
The Management Board prefers to rely on individually accountable senior managers rather than committees where
possible and therefore it generally only establishes committees for issues that require joint decision-making. For certain
overarching topics the Management Board has established the following committees and has delegated certain decisionmaking authority to them for each of the following topics:

616

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board
Personnel changes to the Management Board and the current members of the Management Board

Personnel changes to the Management Board and the current
members of the Management Board
The Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG is made up of ten ‘Executives’. All Management Board members have a
contract of service (Dienstvertrag) with Deutsche Bank AG.
The Management Board diversity ratio can be found in the Sustainability Statement in the chapter “Own workforce” of the
Annual Report 2024.
The following members of the Management Board were appointed for a three-year period:
– Laura Padovani with effect from July 1, 2024.
– Marcus Chromik with effect from May 1, 2025.
The following information is provided on the current members of the Management Board on the year in which they were
born, year in which they were first appointed and year in which their term expires as well as their current positions and area
of responsibility according to the current Business Allocation Plan for the Management Board. Also specified are their
other board mandates or directorships outside of Deutsche Bank Group as well as all memberships in legally prescribed
supervisory boards or other comparable domestic or foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises. Listed
companies are marked with an “*”. The Terms of Reference for the Management Board specify that the members of our
Management Board generally should not accept the chair of supervisory boards of companies outside Deutsche Bank
Group.

Christian Sewing
Year of birth: 1970
First appointed: 2015
Term expires: 2026
Christian Sewing became a member of the Management Board on January 1, 2015, and Chief Executive Officer on April 8,
2018. He is responsible on the Management Board for Corporate Affairs & Strategy as well as Sustainability, Research and
Group Audit.
Prior to assuming his role on the Management Board, Mr. Sewing was Global Head of Group Audit and held a number of
positions before that in Risk, including Deputy Chief Risk Officer (from 2012 to 2013) and Chief Credit Officer (from 2010
to 2012) of Deutsche Bank.
From 2005 until 2007, Mr. Sewing was a member of the Management Board of Deutsche GenossenschaftsHypothekenbank.
Before graduating with a diploma from the Bankakademie Bielefeld and Hamburg, Mr. Sewing completed a bank
apprenticeship at Deutsche Bank in 1989.
Mr. Sewing does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

James von Moltke
Year of birth: 1969
First appointed: 2017
Term expires: 2026
James von Moltke became a member of the Management Board on July 1, 2017, and President as of March 25, 2022. He is
Chief Financial Officer and in this function he is responsible for Finance, Group Tax, Treasury and Investor Relations. In July
2023, he took on responsibility for Asset Management (DWS).
Before Mr. von Moltke joined Deutsche Bank, he served as Treasurer of Citigroup. He started his career at the investment
bank Credit Suisse First Boston in London in 1992. In 1995, he joined J.P. Morgan, working at the bank for 10 years in New
York and Hong Kong. He then worked at Morgan Stanley in New York for four years, where he led the Financial Technology
Advisory team globally. Mr. von Moltke joined Citigroup as Head of Corporate Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A) in 2009 and
three years later became the Global Head of Financial Planning.
He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from New College, University of Oxford.
Mr. von Moltke does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

617

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board
Personnel changes to the Management Board and the current members of the Management Board

Fabrizio Campelli
Year of birth: 1973
First appointed: 2019
Term expires: 2025
Fabrizio Campelli became a member of the Management Board on November 1, 2019. He is responsible for the Corporate
Bank and the Investment Bank and also for the bank’s UK & Ireland region.
From November 2019 to April 2021, he was the Management Board member responsible for transformation, as Chief
Transformation Officer, and for Human Resources. He previously spent four years as the Global Head of Deutsche Bank
Wealth Management. Before that, he was Head of Strategy & Organizational Development as well as Deputy Chief
Operating Officer for Deutsche Bank Group.
He joined Deutsche Bank in 2004 after working at McKinsey & Company in the firm’s London and Milan offices, focusing
on strategic assignments mainly for global financial institutions.
He holds an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management and a Business Administration degree from Bocconi University in
Milan.
Mr. Campelli was a member of the following Supervisory Boards: BVV Versicherungsverein des Bankgewerbes a.G. and BVV
Versorgungskasse des Bankgewerbes e.V. until June 2024.

Bernd Leukert
Year of birth: 1967
First appointed: 2020
Term expires: 2025
Bernd Leukert became a member of the Management Board on January 1, 2020. He is Chief Technology, Data and
Innovation Officer and is responsible for the Chief Information Office for the Infrastructure areas and the business divisions,
as well as for the Chief Technology Office, the Chief Security Office and Chief Innovation Office. He is also responsible for
Data Governance as well as for Cloud Transformation.
He joined Deutsche Bank on September 1, 2019. He previously worked for many years at SAP SE, the global software
company. He joined SAP in 1994 and held various management positions. From 2014 to 2019, he was responsible for
product development and innovations as well as the Digital Business Services division on the Executive Board.
Mr. Leukert studied Industrial Engineering and Management at the University of Karlsruhe and at Trinity College Dublin,
graduating in 1994 with a Master’s Degree in Business Administration.
He is member of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA.
He was a member of the Supervisory Board of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA* until June 2024.

Alexander von zur Mühlen
Year of birth: 1975
First appointed: 2020
Term expires: 2026
Alexander von zur Mühlen became a member of the Management Board on August 1, 2020. Since July 2023 he is the CEO
for Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Germany.
Mr. von zur Mühlen joined Deutsche Bank in 1998 and over the years has held a range of management roles in London and
Frankfurt across infrastructure and business divisions. From 2018 to 2020 he was responsible for the Group’s strategic
development and was the advisor to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Before that, he served as Co-Head of Global Capital
Markets, with a regional focus on Asia-Pacific and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). From 2009 to 2017, he was
Group Treasurer.
Alexander von zur Mühlen holds a Diploma in Business Administration from the Berlin School of Economics and Law in
Berlin.
Mr. von zur Mühlen does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

618

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board
Personnel changes to the Management Board and the current members of the Management Board

Laura Padovani
Year of birth: 1966
First appointed: 2024
Term expires:2027
Laura Padovani became a member of the Management Board on July 1, 2024. She is Chief Compliance and Anti-Financial
Crime Officer.
Ms. Padovani joined Deutsche Bank in April 2023 as Group Chief Compliance Officer and Head of Compliance. Prior to
joining the bank, Ms. Padovani was Group Chief Compliance Officer at Barclays and previously spent 20 years at American
Express. She has extensive international experience and proven leadership of global, regional, and business Compliance
functions.
Laura Padovani holds a Masters in Law from the London School of Economics and Political Science and a Law Degree from
University of Buenos Aires.
Ms. Padovani does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

Claudio de Sanctis
Year of birth: 1972
First appointed: 2023
Term expires: 2026
Claudio de Sanctis became a member of the Management Board on July 1, 2023. He is Head of Private Bank.
Mr. de Sanctis was responsible for the International Private Bank since June 2020 and at the same time he was also Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) of Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). He had previously been Global Head of Deutsche
Bank Wealth Management since November 2019 after joining Deutsche Bank in December 2018 as Head of Deutsche Bank
Wealth Management Europe. In addition, he was also the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Deutsche Bank (Switzerland)
Ltd from February to December 2019.
Before joining Deutsche Bank, he was Head of Private Banking, Europe, at Credit Suisse, where he started in 2013 as Market
Area Head Southeast Asia for Private Banking. Before then, he spent seven years at UBS Wealth Management Europe,
where he was Market Head Iberia and Nordics.
Earlier in his career he was at Barclays as Head of Key Clients Unit Europe in Private Banking focusing on UHNW clients.
He also worked at Merrill Lynch Private Wealth Management in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
He holds a BA degree in Philosophy at La Sapienza University of Rome.
Mr. de Sanctis does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

Rebecca Short
Year of birth: 1974
First appointed: 2021
Term expires: 2027
Rebecca Short became a member of the Management Board on May 1, 2021, and Chief Operating Officer on June 1, 2023.
Her responsibilities include Human Resources as well as the Bank’s transformation. Until May 2023, she was Chief
Transformation Officer.
She previously spent almost six years within Finance as Head of Group Planning & Performance Management.
She joined Deutsche Bank through its graduate program in Auckland in 1998. She moved to London in 2000 with Credit
Risk Management, where she worked for 12 years and advanced to, become European Head of Corporates. She then set
up a new Risk-wide team, Strategic Risk Analysis & Reporting in 2012 before moving to a senior central management role
in Group Audit in 2013, where she spent two years.
She has a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree in Finance & Accounting from the University of Otago, Dunedin, New
Zealand.
Ms. Short does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

619

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Management Board
Share ownership of Management Board members

Professor Dr. Stefan Simon
Year of birth: 1969
First appointed: 2020
Term expires: 2026
Professor Dr. Stefan Simon became a member of the Management Board on August 1, 2020. He is responsible for the
Americas region as well as for Legal and Governance. Until June 30,2024 he was Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) and
was responsible for Government and Regulatory Affairs as well as for Legal and Governance. He was also responsible for
Compliance, Anti-Financial-Crime (AFC) and the Business Selection and Conflicts Office, as well as for Controls Testing &
Assurance until June 30, 2024. He assumed responsibility for the Americas region in May 2023.
Professor Dr. Simon joined Deutsche Bank on August 1, 2019. He was a member of the Supervisory Board from August
2016 until July 2019 and was Chairman of its Integrity Committee. He is a lawyer and tax consultant and between 1997
and 2016 worked at the law firm Flick Gocke Schaumburg, where he became a partner in 2002. Since 2008 he has also
been an Honorary Professor of the University of Cologne.
He studied law at the University of Cologne, where he graduated with a doctorate in 1998.
Professor Dr. Simon is a member of the Supervisory Board of The Clearing House Payments Company LLC and Chairman
of the Advisory Council of Leop. Krawinkel GmbH & Co. KG.

Olivier Vigneron
Year of birth: 1971
First appointed: 2022
Term expires: 2025
Olivier Vigneron became a member of the Management Board on May 20, 2022. He is Chief Risk Officer responsible for the
functions managing Credit Risk, Market Risk, Liquidity Risk and Non-Financial Risk.
Mr. Vigneron re-joined Deutsche Bank on March 1, 2022. From January 2020 until re-joining Deutsche Bank in 2022, Olivier
Vigneron was Chief Risk Officer of Natixis, where he also served on the Senior Management Committee. From 2008 to
2020, he worked at J.P. Morgan, where he served as Chief Risk Officer for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and
Firmwide Risk Executive for Market Risk. Prior to this, he worked for BNP Paribas, UniCredit, and Goldman Sachs. Between
2002 and 2005 he worked in Structured Credit Trading for Deutsche Bank in London.
He has also served on the Supervisory Board of J.P. Morgan Germany and on the board of Natixis Assurances.
Olivier Vigneron studied at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris and holds a Diplôme d’Ingénieur (degree in Engineering) from
France’s École Polytechnique. He also holds a PhD in Economics from the University of Chicago.
Mr. Vigneron does not have any external directorships subject to disclosure.

Share ownership of Management Board members
The information on the share ownership of the Management Board can be found in the Compensation Report of the Annual
Report 2024.

620

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Procedures of the Supervisory Board and its committees

Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG consists of 20 members – 10 Supervisory Board members are shareholder
representatives elected by the General Meeting, and 10 Supervisory Board members are employee representatives elected
by the delegates of employees in Germany entitled to elect them. All Supervisory Board members have the same obligation
to act in the interests of the company and perform their Supervisory Board mandate in the interests of Deutsche Bank AG.
The internal organization of the Supervisory Board and its committees as well as the requirements for its members are
subject not only to the regulations of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz (KWG)) and the recommendations of
the German Corporate Governance Code, but also to specific supervisory requirements. Such requirements are founded
on, among other things, the German Banking Act (KWG), the Remuneration Ordinance for Institutions (Institutsvergütungsverordnung (InstitutsVergV)), the guidelines of the European Banking Authority (EBA) and European Securities and Markets
Authority (ESMA) and the administrative practices of the European Central Bank as our prudential supervisory authority. In
individual cases, the regulatory requirements may diverge from the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code (see Section “Inapplicable Code recommendations due to the precedence of statutory provisions”).
The Supervisory Board appoints and dismisses the members of the Management Board, supervises and advises the
Management Board and is directly involved in decisions of fundamental importance to the bank. Supervision and advice
also include, in particular, sustainability issues. Pursuant to the requirements of the German Banking Act (KWG), the
Supervisory Board oversees the Management Board, also with regard to its adherence to the applicable prudential
supervisory requirements. The Supervisory Board works together closely with the Management Board in a cooperative
relationship of trust and for the benefit of the company. Measures to be performed by the management may not be
transferred to the Supervisory Board.
The types of business that require the approval of the Supervisory Board to be transacted are specified in Section 13 (1) of
the Articles of Association of Deutsche Bank AG. These include the granting of general powers of attorney, the acquisition
or disposal of real estate (if the object value exceeds € 500 million) as well as the granting of loans, including the acquisition
of participations in other companies for which approval of a credit institution’s supervisory body is required under the
German Banking Act (KWG) or other participations (if the object value exceeds € 1 billion). Furthermore, the Supervisory
Board may specify additional transactions that require its approval. Within statutory limits, the Supervisory Board may also
delegate decisions on issuing its approval to a committee, in order to increase efficiency.

Procedures of the Supervisory Board and its committees
The working procedures of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG are supported by the expertise of its members, as
well as an efficient distribution of tasks and coordination.
From among its members and in accordance with regulatory requirements for banks, the Supervisory Board has established
nine standing committees: the Chairman’s Committee; Nomination Committee; Audit Committee; Risk Committee;
Compensation Control Committee; Regulatory Oversight Committee; Strategy and Sustainability Committee;
Technology, Data and Innovation Committee; and Mediation Committee. The responsibilities, tasks and procedures of the
Supervisory Board committees are set out in their respective terms of reference and briefly summarized here:
Chairman’s Committee: The Chairman’s Committee handles, in particular, the preparations for the Supervisory Board
meetings, Management Board and Supervisory Board matters, as well as topics relating to corporate governance. It also
supports the Supervisory Board in the preparation of decisions by the Supervisory Board on the appointment and dismissal
of members of the Management Board, including long-term succession planning for the Management Board, while taking
into account the recommendations of the Nomination Committee.
Nomination Committee: The Nomination Committee supports the Supervisory Board, in particular, in identifying
candidates to fill a position on the Management Board and Supervisory Board and in the assessment to be performed
regularly of the structure, size, composition and performance of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board. It
supports the promotion of talent development and diversity with a special focus on succession planning for the
Management Board and draws up an objective to promote the under-represented gender on the Supervisory Board as well
as a strategy for achieving this.

621

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Procedures of the Supervisory Board and its committees

Audit Committee: The Audit Committee supports the Supervisory Board, in particular, in monitoring the financial reporting
process, the effectiveness of the risk management system (internal control system and internal audit), the auditing of the
financial statements, including the auditor’s independence and the additional services provided by the auditor, as well as
the monitoring of other audit-relevant matters. It also supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the Management
Board’s prompt remediation, through suitable measures, of deficiencies identified by internal and external auditors.
Risk Committee: The Risk Committee advises the Supervisory Board in all matters relating to the current and future overall
risk appetite and strategy and supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the implementation of this strategy by the
senior management level. The Risk Committee monitors whether the conditions in the client business are in line with the
company’s business model and risk structure. It reviews whether the incentives set by the compensation system take into
consideration the bank’s risk, capital and liquidity structure as well as the likelihood and maturity of earnings, taking into
account retention risk.
Compensation Control Committee: The Compensation Control Committee handles compensation topics. It supports the
Supervisory Board, in particular, in the appropriate structuring of the compensation systems for the Management Board
and monitors the appropriate structuring of the compensation systems for employees. It prepares the Supervisory Board’s
resolutions on the compensation of the Management Board members and reviews the use and effectiveness of measures
available in the compensation system for dealing with breaches of legal regulations as well as internal and external rules,
policies and procedures.
Regulatory Oversight Committee: The Regulatory Oversight Committee supports the Supervisory Board, in particular, in
monitoring the Management Board’s measures to ensure the company’s compliance with legal requirements, authorities’
regulations and the bank’s own in-house policies and in monitoring litigation cases with the highest risks. It monitors the
Management Board’s contacts with the regulatory authorities with a significant relevance for the bank (special audits,
substantial complaints).
Strategy and Sustainability Committee: The Strategy and Sustainability Committee supports the Supervisory Board in
fulfilling its monitoring function relating to the bank’s strategy, including the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
strategy and sustainability issues. It advises and monitors the Management Board with regard to the definition of the bank’s
business strategies aligned to the sustainable development of the bank and the establishment of processes for planning,
implementing, assessing and adjusting these strategies.
Technology, Data and Innovation Committee: The Technology, Data and Innovation Committee supports the Supervisory
Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to the bank’s technology, data and innovation environment. It
advises and monitors the Management Board with regard to the adequate technical and organizational resources and the
definition of an adequate plan for the bank’s IT systems, IT strategy, information security management, cyber and IT risks,
as well as the data strategy and governance.
Mediation Committee: The Mediation Committee submits proposals to the Supervisory Board on the appointment or
dismissal of members of the Management Board in cases where the Supervisory Board is unable to reach a two-thirds
majority decision. The Mediation Committee only meets if necessary.
All terms of reference are reviewed and updated by the Supervisory Board on an ad hoc basis (for example, upon changes
in laws or regulatory requirements), but at least once annually. They are published on the website of Deutsche Bank AG
(www.db.com/ir/en/documents.htm) in their currently applicable versions.
The number of meetings and their execution are specified along with details on the work of the Supervisory Board and its
committees in the Report of the Supervisory Board, which is part of the Annual Report.
In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Supervisory Board produced and adopted position descriptions with
candidate profiles for the roles as member of the Supervisory Board and as Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the
chairpersons of its committees. It also issued – in accordance with regulatory requirements – a Suitability Guideline, which
sets out the principles for the selection, succession planning and re-appointment/re-election of the members of the
management bodies as well as the criteria and the procedure for assessing individual and collective suitability. Induction,
training and diversity guidelines are component parts of the Suitability Guideline in accordance with regulatory
requirements. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board issued a Profile of Requirements (see Section: Objectives for the
composition of the Supervisory Board, Profile of Requirements, diversity concept and status of implementation/Profile of
Requirements for the Supervisory Board). In addition, the Supervisory Board has Guidelines for the Assessment of the
Independence of its members and a Guidelines for Handling Conflicts of Interests. These documents are also reviewed and
updated by the Supervisory Board on an ad hoc basis, but at least once annually.

622

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Procedures of the Supervisory Board and its committees

The Supervisory Board receives reports from the Management Board within the scope prescribed by law or administrative
guidelines, in particular on all issues of relevance for the Group concerning strategy, intended business policy, planning,
business development, risk situation, risk management, staff development, reputation and compliance. Furthermore,
Group Audit informs the Audit Committee of any deficiencies identified regularly and – in the case of severe deficiencies
– without undue delay. In addition, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board is informed of serious findings relating to the
members of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board and Management Board adopted an Information Regime, a
general engagement (interaction) protocol and another engagement (interaction) protocol specifically for regulatory
topics. These regulate not only the reporting to the Supervisory Board, but also, among other things, the Supervisory
Board’s enquiries and requests for information from employees of the company as well as the exchange of information in
connection with preparations for the meetings and between the meetings.
The Supervisory Board meets regularly also without the Management Board. This also applies to its committees. In
addition, the representatives of the employees and the representatives of the shareholders regularly conduct preliminary
discussions separately.
The Chairman of the Supervisory Board plays a crucial role in the proper functioning of the Supervisory Board and has a
leadership role in this. He can issue internal guidelines and principles concerning the Supervisory Board’s internal
organization and communications, the coordination of the work within the Supervisory Board and the Supervisory Board’s
interaction with the Management Board. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board engages in investor discussions on
Supervisory Board-related topics when necessary and regularly informs the Supervisory Board of the substance of such
discussions. These also cover Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) topics.
Between meetings, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and, to the extent expedient, the chairpersons of the
Supervisory Board committees maintain regular contact with the members of the Management Board, especially with the
Chairman of the Management Board, and deliberate with them, among other things, on issues of Deutsche Bank Group’s
strategy, planning, the development of its business, risk situation, risk management, risk controlling, governance,
compliance, compensation systems, IT, data and digitalization, sustainability as well as material litigation cases. The
Chairman of the Supervisory Board and – within their respective functional responsibility – the chairpersons of the
Supervisory Board committees are informed without delay by the Chairman of the Management Board or by the
respectively responsible Management Board member about important events of material significance for the assessment
of the situation, development and management of Deutsche Bank Group. The Chairman of the Audit Committee also
conducts regular discussions with the auditor outside the meetings.
Furthermore, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and some of the chairpersons of the Supervisory Board committees
engage in discussions with regulators.

Induction and training events
For each newly elected or appointed Supervisory Board member, individualized induction and training sessions are
organized based on their knowledge and skills, while taking into consideration possible recommendations of the
Nomination Committee, in order to help them get started in the new position. The induction events also serve as an
introduction to the bank, its Management Board, selected senior managers, the auditor and Group Audit. Through
customized training sessions, the new member’s individual knowledge is expanded and enriched. The Nomination
Committee regularly receives reports on the progress and participation in these training sessions.
In addition, regular training sessions are conducted for the entire Supervisory Board on current topics. Details on this are
provided in the Report of the Supervisory Board.

Succession planning and diversity
Pursuant to the German Banking Act (KWG) the members of the Management Board must be professionally suitable and
reliable and devote sufficient time to their role. The Supervisory Board assess the qualification of the individuals as well as
the qualification of the Management Board as a whole (collective suitability). In this connection diversity of backgrounds
and mindsets plays an important role as well as gender, nationality and age. The Nomination Committee supports the
Supervisory Board in identifying suitable internal and external candidates to fill a position on the bank’s Management Board
while taking into account the applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. For this, the Committee has developed a
position description with a candidate profile and a statement of the related time commitment for a Management Board
member as well as questionnaires for the assessment of the knowledge, reliability and time availability. The Nomination
Committee and Supervisory Board regularly receive reports from the Management Board on internal candidates for
succession planning (“talent pipeline”) and the process from the perspective of the Management Board. The members of
the Supervisory Board have opportunities to meet selected senior managers at the meetings of the Supervisory Board and

623

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Procedures of the Supervisory Board and its committees

its committees as well as bank-internal events. With a view to a sustainable, ideally diverse succession planning while also
taking gender diversity into consideration, the Supervisory Board also works together with external service providers.
For the selection of suitable candidates, external and internal, the Nomination Committee takes into account the strategic
objectives of the bank, the area of functional responsibility on the Management Board, the qualifications, reliability and
time availability of the candidates as well as the balance and diversity of the knowledge, skills and experience of all
members of the Management Board, while also considering diversity principles. The appointment to a Management Board
position is always made in the interests of the company. Building on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee,
the Chairman’s Committee submits a recommendation for the Supervisory Board’s resolution. Based on this, the
Supervisory Board decides on the appointment of the Management Board members. The first appointment period is for a
maximum of three years. Management Board members can be reappointed for one or several terms of office, which may
be for a maximum of five years pursuant to the law, whereby at Deutsche Bank such reappointments should generally also
be for a maximum of three years.
For each newly appointed Management Board member, individualized induction and training sessions are organized based
on their knowledge and skills, while taking into consideration possible recommendations of the Nomination Committee.
The Nomination Committee regularly receives reports on the progress and participation in these training sessions.
The Stock Corporation Act (AktG) requires that a company that is listed on a stock exchange and has three or more
members of the Management Board, such as Deutsche Bank, must have at least one woman and one man as member of
its Management Board, failing which renders the appointment void. In addition, promoting diversity on the Management
Board is very important to the Supervisory Board, and it is actively working on Management Board diversity, e.g., in terms
of gender, nationality and age, as well as different backgrounds and mindsets. The Supervisory Board takes into account
the legally required minimum gender participation on the Management Board pursuant to Section 76 (3a) of the German
Stock Corporation Act (AktG) and strives to sustainably and continually increase the percentage of women on the
Management Board. With the appointment of Laura Padovani, an internal candidate, to the Management Board with effect
from July 1, 2024, the Supervisory Board expanded the Management Board to ten members and increased the percentage
of women to 20%. To further increase the number of suitable internal female candidates, the Supervisory Board set a
corresponding objective for the Management Board for the preceding financial year for appointing women to senior
management positions directly below the Management Board and embedded this objective within the long-term
performance metrics of the new compensation system for the Management Board. To reach a full achievement level in
this category, the percentage of women represented at the two levels below the Management Board has to be at least
32.5% by 2026. The Supervisory Board regularly discusses the measures and ongoing progress with the Management
Board.
Based on proposals of the Compensation Control Committee, the Supervisory Board determines the total compensation
of the individual members of the Management Board and also regularly reviews and resolves on the compensation system
for the Management Board. Details on this are provided in the Compensation Report and the Report of the Supervisory
Board.

Self-assessment
The Nomination Committee and Supervisory Board regularly address the assessment of the Supervisory Board and
Management Board as well as their work, which is to be conducted at least annually as prescribed by law pursuant to
Section 25d of the German Banking Act (KWG). This is also the self-assessment of the Supervisory Board pursuant to the
recommendation under Section D.12 of the German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC).
At its meeting on July 23, 2024, the Nomination Committee addressed the framework and schedule for the assessment. It
resolved that the assessment of the 2024 reporting period would be performed with external assistance. The Nomination
Committee reported regularly to the Supervisory Board on the work-in-progress on the assessment. The external advisor
engaged for this conducted a workshop for the Supervisory Board, which took place on October 23, 2024. The assessment
was performed essentially on the basis of extensive questionnaires regarding the work of the Supervisory Board, of the
Supervisory Board committees and of the Management Board as well as interviews with the individual members of the
Management Board and Supervisory Board. The final discussion and approval of the results of the assessment took place
at the Supervisory Board meeting in plenum on March 13, 2025, and the results were set out in a written final report. The
Supervisory Board continues to hold the opinion that the Supervisory Board and Management Board have achieved a high
standard and that there are no reservations, in particular, regarding the professional qualifications, personal reliability and
time availability of the members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board.

624

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Members of the Supervisory Board and its committees

Members of the Supervisory Board and its committees
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the members of the Supervisory Board are elected for the period until the
conclusion of the General Meeting which adopts the resolutions concerning the ratification of the acts of management for
the fourth financial year following the beginning of the term of office. For the election of shareholder representatives, the
General Meeting may establish that the terms of office of the members may begin or end on differing dates. In accordance
with the Terms of Reference for the Supervisory Board since July 2020, shareholder representatives are proposed to the
General Meeting for election for a maximum of approximately four years, i.e. until the conclusion of the General Meeting
which adopts the resolutions concerning the ratification of the acts of management for the third financial year following
the beginning of the term of office, whereby the financial year in which the term of office begins is not taken into account.
The following table provides detailed information on the members of the Supervisory Board (as of February 7, 2025).
Name

Principal occupation

Supervisory board memberships and other directorships

Alexander Wynaendts
Year of birth: 1960
First elected:
May 19, 2022
Term expires: 2026
Susanne Bleidt1
Year of birth: 1967
First elected:
May 17, 2023
Term expires: 2028
Mayree Clark
Year of birth: 1957
First elected:
May 24, 2018
Term expires: 2027
Jan Duscheck1
Year of birth: 1984
Appointed by the court:
August 2, 2016
First elected:
May 24, 2018
Term expires: 2028
Manja Eifert1
Year of birth: 1971
Appointed by the court:
April 7, 2022
First elected:
May 17, 2023
Term expires: 2028
Claudia Fieber1
Year of birth: 1966
First elected:
May 17, 2023
Term expires: 2028
Sigmar Gabriel
Year of birth: 1959
Appointed by the court:
March 11, 2020
First elected:
May 20, 2020
Term expires: 2025
Florian Haggenmiller1
Year of birth: 1982
Appointed by the court:
January 16, 2024
Term expires: 2028
Timo Heider1
Year of birth: 1975
First elected:
May 23, 2013
Term expires: 2028
Frank Schulze1
Year of birth: 1968
First elected:
May 17, 2023
Term expires: 2028

Chairman of the Supervisory Board,
Deutsche Bank AG

Air France-KLM Group S.A.2 (Member of the Board of
Directors); Uber Technologies, Inc.2 (Member of the
Board of Directors); Uber Payments B.V. (NonExecutive Director, Chairman); Puissance Holding
B.V. (Non-Executive Director, Chairman)
Postbank Filialvertrieb AG3;
Postbeamtenkrankenkasse (Member of the Advisory
Board)

Staff Council Member

Supervisory Board member

Ally Financial, Inc.2 (Member of the Board of
Directors), Allvue Systems Holdings, Inc. (Member of
the Board of Directors)

Head of National Working Group: Banking,
ver.di (Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft (United
Services Union))

No memberships or directorships subject to
disclosure

Staff Council Member

No memberships or directorships subject to
disclosure

Staff Council Member

No memberships or directorships subject to
disclosure

Former German Federal Government Minister

Heristo AG; Siemens Energy AG2; Siemens Energy
Management GmbH; ThyssenKrupp Steel Europe AG
(Chairman) (until September 15, 2024)

Head of National Working Group: Information and
IBM Deutschland GmbH; IBM Central Holding GmbH
Communications Technology, ver.di (Vereinte
Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft (United Services Union))

Staff Council Member

BHW Bausparkasse AG3 (Deputy Chairman); PCC
Services GmbH der Deutschen Bank3 (Deputy
Chairman); Pensionskasse der BHW
Bausparkasse VVaG3 (Deputy Chairman)

Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Deutsche No memberships or directorships subject to
Bank AG; Staff Council Member
disclosure

625

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Members of the Supervisory Board and its committees

Name

Principal occupation

Supervisory board memberships and other directorships

Gerlinde M. Siebert1
Year of birth: 1967
First elected:
May 17, 2023
Term expires: 2028
Yngve Slyngstad
Year of birth: 1962
First elected:
May 19, 2022
Term expires: 2026
Stephan Szukalski1
Year of birth: 1967
First elected:
May 17, 20234
Term expires: 2028
John Alexander Thain
Year of birth: 1955
First elected:
May 24, 2018
Term expires: 2027
Jürgen Tögel1
Year of birth: 1968
First elected:
May 17, 2023
Term expires: 2028
Michele Trogni
Year of birth: 1965
First elected:
May 24, 2018
Term expires: 2027
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel
Year of birth: 1966
Appointed by the court:
August 1, 2019
First elected:
May 20, 2020
Term expires: 2025
Dr. Theodor Weimer
Year of birth: 1959
First elected:
May 20, 2020
Term expires: 2025
Professor Dr. Norbert
Winkeljohann
Year of birth: 1957
First elected:
August 1, 2018
Term expires: 2027
Frank Witter
Year of birth: 1959
First elected:
May 27, 2021
Term expires: 2025

Global Head of Governance, Deutsche Bank AG

No memberships or directorships subject to
disclosure

Chief Executive Officer Aker Asset Management AS

No memberships or directorships subject to
disclosure

Federal Chairman, Deutscher BankangestelltenVerband e.V. (DBV) (German Association of Bank
Employees) – Gewerkschaft der Finanzdienstleister
(Financial Services Providers Union)

PCC Services GmbH der Deutschen Bank3 (until
August 30, 2024)

Supervisory Board member

Uber Technologies, Inc.2 (Member of the Board of
Directors); Aperture Investors LLC (Member of the
Board of Directors); Pine Island Capital Partners LLC
(Chairman)

Staff Council Member

BVV Versicherungsverein des Bankgewerbes a.G.;
BVV Versorgungskasse des Bankgewerbes e.V.; BKK
Deutsche Bank AG3 (Member of the Advisory Board)

Chief Executive Officer, Zinnia Corporate Holdings,
LLC; Operating Partner, Eldridge (until March 31,
2024)

Everly Life, LLC (Member of the Non-Executive
Board); Zinnia Corporate Holdings, LLC (CEO and
Chairperson of the Board of Directors)

Supervisory Board member

amedes Holding GmbH; Antin Infrastructure
Partners S.A.2 (Member of the Board of Directors)

Supervisory Board member;
Knorr Bremse AG2
Chairman of the Executive Board (until September
30, 2024), Co-Chairman of the Executive Board
(October 1, 2024 until December 31, 2024), Deutsche
Börse AG2
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of
Bayer AG2 (Chairman); Georgsmarienhütte Holding
Deutsche Bank AG; Self-Employed Corporate
GmbH; Sievert SE (Chairman); Bohnenkamp AG
Consultant, Norbert Winkeljohann Advisory &
(Chairman)
Investments

Supervisory Board member

Traton SE2; VfL Wolfsburg-Fußball GmbH (Chairman)
(until July 31, 2024); CGI Inc.2 (Member of the Board
of Directors)

1 Employee representative
2 Listed company
3 Group-internal mandate
4 Mr. Szukalski already was a member of the Supervisory Board from May 2013 to November 2015 and from May 2018 to December 2020.

626

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Members of the Supervisory Board and its committees

The following overview provides more detailed information on the memberships in the different committees:
Chairman’s Committee: Alexander Wynaendts, Chairman, Timo Heider, Frank Schulze, Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
Nomination Committee: Alexander Wynaendts, Chairman, Mayree Clark, Timo Heider, Frank Schulze, Professor Dr. Norbert
Winkeljohann
Audit Committee: Frank Witter, Chairman, Susanne Bleidt, Manja Eifert, Claudia Fieber (since January 31, 2024), Birgit
Laumen (until January 12, 2024), Gerlinde M. Siebert, Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel, Dr. Theodor Weimer, Professor Dr. Norbert
Winkeljohann
Risk Committee: Mayree Clark, Chairperson, Jan Duscheck, Gerlinde M. Siebert, Stephan Szukalski, Michele Trogni,
Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann, Alexander Wynaendts
Compensation Control Committee: Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann, Chairman, Jan Duscheck, Timo Heider, Jürgen
Tögel, Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel, Alexander Wynaendts
Regulatory Oversight Committee: Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel, Chairperson, Jan Duscheck, Sigmar Gabriel, Timo Heider, Stephan
Szukalski, Alexander Wynaendts
Strategy and Sustainability Committee: John Alexander Thain, Chairman, Mayree Clark, Claudia Fieber, Florian
Haggenmiller (since January 31, 2024), Birgit Laumen (until January 12, 2024), Frank Schulze, Jürgen Tögel, Michele Trogni,
Alexander Wynaendts
Technology, Data and Innovation Committee: Michele Trogni, Chairperson, Susanne Bleidt, Manja Eifert, Claudia Fieber
(until January 31, 2024), Florian Haggenmiller (since January 31, 2024), Yngve Slyngstad, Alexander Wynaendts
Mediation Committee: Alexander Wynaendts, Chairman, Timo Heider, Frank Schulze, Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann

627

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, profile of requirements

Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board,
profile of requirements
The composition of the Supervisory Board should ensure the effective and qualified control of and advice for the
Management Board of an internationally operating, broadly positioned bank. The suitability of each individual member is
assessed, determined and continuously monitored both internally by the Nomination Committee and the Supervisory
Board and externally by the regulatory authorities. This suitability assessment covers the expertise, reliability and time
available of each individual member (individual suitability). In addition, there is an assessment of the entire Supervisory
Board’s knowledge, skills and experience that are necessary for the performance of its tasks (collective suitability). Passing
the suitability assessment of the European Central Bank (ECB) after the mandate is accepted and the continual suitability
of the Supervisory Board member during the entire mandate with Deutsche Bank AG are mandatory regulatory
prerequisites for the performance of the tasks as a member of the Supervisory Board.
To increase the effectiveness of the Supervisory Board’s work and the transparency for stakeholders and regulators, the
Supervisory Board adopted a Profile of Requirements in 2022. It is reviewed annually and updated if necessary. The Profile
of Requirements sets out the general and expanded files of expertise of the Supervisory Board that are required for the
monitoring and advising of the Management Board of Deutsche Bank AG. The Profile of Requirements is regularly taken
into account when developing the proposals to the General Meeting for the election of shareholder representatives and
when determining the individual and collective need for the training of the Supervisory Board and its members.

Profile of requirements for the Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board specified general fields of expertise and expanded fields of expertise in its Profile of Requirements.

General fields of expertise
Ideally, every member of the Supervisory Board possesses these individual qualifications.
– Understanding of commercial business issues
– Analytical and strategic mindset
– Understanding of the German corporate governance system, and – as a result – an understanding of a Supervisory
Board member’s responsibilities
– Understanding of the business model and the structure of Deutsche Bank AG
– Basic understanding of the financial services sector, e.g. (i) knowledge in the areas of banking, financial services,
financial markets, financial industry, including the bank’s home market and the bank’s key markets outside Europe, and
(ii) knowledge of the relevant clients for the bank, the market’s expectations and the operational environment.
The fulfillment of these fields of expertise is reported on in summary in the qualifications matrix in the line “General fields
of expertise”.

Expanded fields of expertise
These fields of expertise refer to the Supervisory Board in its entirety (collective suitability). The Supervisory Board, as a
whole, must have an understanding of the specified fields of expertise that is appropriate for the size and complexity of
Deutsche Bank AG. They are derived from the bank’s business model and from specific laws and regulations that apply to
the bank. The fields of expertise are:

Accounting, including sustainability reporting
– Accounting (International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and German Commercial Code (HGB)) and auditing of
annual financial statements
– Taxation

628

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, profile of requirements

Regulatory framework and legal requirements
–
–
–
–
–

Understanding of the key legal framework conditions in the countries in which the company has its main operations
Understanding of the key relevant legal systems for the bank
Experience in the executive management/supervisory board of large enterprises
Regulatory framework and legal requirements, in particular, knowledge of the legal systems relevant for the bank
Knowledge of the social, political and regulatory expectations in the home market

Human capital, compensation and corporate culture
–
–
–
–

Human resources and staff management
Compensation and compensation systems
Selection procedure for management body members and assessment of their suitability
Corporate culture

Risk management
– Risk management (investigation, assessment, mitigation, management and control of financial and non-financial risks,
capital and liquidity management, shareholdings)
– Combating money laundering and prevention of financial crime and the financing of terrorism

Information technology, data and digitalization
– Digitalization, including digital banking
– Data, including data governance
– Information technology (IT), IT systems and IT security, including cyber risks

Strategy, transformation and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues
– Strategic planning of business models and risk strategies as well as their implementation
– Climate and other environmental aspects
– Knowledge of social and political expectations (in particular in the home market) and their impacts on corporate social
responsibility
– Company’s purpose

Organizational structure and control of a financial institution
–
–
–
–
–

Governance
Management of a large, international, regulated company
Internal organization of the bank
Internal audit
Compliance and internal controls

In order to adequately reflect the bank’s business model, the Supervisory Board shall demonstrate not only these
professional qualifications but also qualifications and experience in the various client segments and different sales
markets.

Client segments
–
–
–
–

Private Banking and Wealth Management
Corporate Banking
Investment Banking
Asset Management

Regional expertise
–
–
–
–

Germany
Europe
Americas
Asia-Pacific (APAC)

629

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, profile of requirements

The Supervisory Board believes that it complies with the specified concrete objectives regarding its composition and the
Profile of Requirements – as shown in the following qualifications matrix. The members of the Supervisory Board as a whole
possess the knowledge, abilities and expert experience to properly complete their tasks.

Florian Haggenmiller

Timo Heider

Frank Schulze

Gerlinde Siebert

Yngve Slyngstad

Stephan Szukalski

John Thain

Jürgen Tögel

Michele Trogni

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

Frank Witter

Sigmar Gabriel

✓

Prof. Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann

Claudia Fieber

✓ ✓

Dr. Theodor Weimer

Manja Eifert

Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel

Jan Duscheck

✓

Mayree Clark

✓

✓ ✓ ✓

Independent **

✓ ER ✓ ER ER ER ✓ ER ER ER ER ✓ ER ✓ ER ✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓

General fields of expertise

✓ ✓

✓ ✓

Accounting and reporting, incl.
sustainability reporting
Audit Committee Financial Experts
***
Expertise in the area of accounting
***
Expertise in the area of auditing ***
Regulatory framework and Legal
requirements
Human Capital, Compensation and
Corporate Culture
Compensation Control Committee
Compensation Experts***

✓ ✓

✓

Risk Management

✓

✓ ✓

Information technology, data and
digitalization

✓ ✓

✓ ✓

✓

Strategy, Transformation and ESG

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓

Organizational structure and control
of a financial institution

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

Private Banking and Wealth
Management
Corporate Banking
Investment Banking
Asset Management

✓ ✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓

Germany
Europe
Americas
APAC

Professional expertise

✓ ✓

Client/business
expertise

Susanne Bleidt

✓ ✓

No Overboarding*

Regional
Expertise

Membership

Alexander Wynaendts

Composition and expertise

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓






















✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓ ✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓





✓
✓
✓
✓



✓
✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓

✓



✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓

✓ ✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓

✓

✓
✓

✓

✓
✓
✓

✓

✓ ✓
✓ ✓
✓

✓ ✓ ✓
✓
✓
✓

✓

✓
✓ ✓
✓ ✓
✓ ✓

✓ ✓ ✓
✓ ✓ ✓
✓ ✓
✓ ✓

✓ ✓
✓ ✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓

✓ Profound and professional knowledge/expert
 Regulatory expert/expertise required by law and/or supervisory regulation

ER Employee Representative
* Definition of no overboarding: All Supervisory Board members hold an admissible number of board directorships in various companies in addition to Deutsche Bank AG.
Overboarding, i.e. holding an inadmissible number of board directorships in different companies, is determined on the basis of the statutory regulation in Section 25d (3) of
the German Banking Act (KWG)
** Definition of independence: A Supervisory Board member elected or to be elected by the shareholders is to be considered independent when there are no present or
former (i) business, (ii) personal or (iii) other relations or affiliations with Deutsche Bank AG, its management bodies, a shareholder or a Deutsche Bank Group company that
constitute a personal interest of the Supervisory Board member or a third-party interest he represents that might influence his actions in performing his mandate to the
detriment of Deutsche Bank AG. Section C.6 (1) first half-sentence of the German Corporate Governance Code, according to which the members of the Supervisory Board
representing shareholders shall comprise what they consider to be an appropriate number of independent members, is adhered to as a result. The bank has no controlling
shareholder at present
*** Definition of experts given in the “Supervisory Board committee experts” section of this report

630

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, profile of requirements

There is a regular maximum age limit of 70. In well-founded, individual cases, a Supervisory Board member may be elected
or appointed for a period that extends at the latest until the end of the fourth ordinary General Meeting that takes place
after he or she has reached the age of 70. This age limit was taken into account in the election proposals to the General
Meeting and shall also be taken into account for the next Supervisory Board elections or subsequent appointments for
Supervisory Board positions that become vacant.
For shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board, the length of Supervisory Board membership shall not, as a rule,
exceed 12 years.
The Supervisory Board respects diversity when proposing its members for appointment. In light of the international
operations of Deutsche Bank AG, care should be taken that the Supervisory Board has an appropriate number of members
with long-term international experience. Currently, the professional careers or private lives of six members of the
Supervisory Board are centered outside Germany. Furthermore, all of the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory
Board have many years of international experience from their current or former activities, for example, as management
board member or chief executive officer or in a comparable executive function of corporations or organizations with
international operations. The Supervisory Board believes that in these two ways the international activities of the company
are sufficiently taken into account. The objective is to retain the currently existing international profile.
Special importance has already been attached to an appropriate consideration of women in the selection process since
the Supervisory Board elections in 2008. For the election proposals to the General Meeting, the Supervisory Board takes
into account the recommendations of the Nomination Committee and the legal requirements according to which the
Supervisory Board shall be composed of at least 30% women and at least 30% men. In reviewing potential candidates for
a new election or subsequent appointments to Supervisory Board positions that have become vacant, qualified women are
included in the selection process and appropriately considered in the election proposals. At the end of the financial year,
four women and six men were members of the Supervisory Board on the employee representatives’ side and three women
and seven men on the shareholder representatives’ side. The statutory minimum quota of 30% has thus been fulfilled for
many years now.
The average age of the Supervisory Board members was 58.3. The age structure is diverse, ranging from 40 to 69 years of
age and spanning three generations, according to the general definition of the term.
The length of membership on the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG ranged from under one year to around 12 years
at the end of the financial year. The average length of membership on the Supervisory Board as of December 31, 2024,
was 4.17 years.
The diverse range of the members’ educational and professional backgrounds includes banking, business administration,
economics, auditing, law, German studies, political science, electrical engineering, information systems and healthcare.
The resumes of the members of the Supervisory Board are published on the website of Deutsche Bank AG
(www.db.com/ir/en/supervisory-board.htm).
The members of the Supervisory Board do not exercise functions on a management body of or perform advisory duties at
major competitors. Material conflicts of interest involving a member of the Supervisory Board that are not merely
temporary shall result in the termination of that member’s Supervisory Board mandate. The Supervisory Board has issued
corresponding guidelines for the identification, handling, mitigation and documentation of potential conflicts of interest.
Members of the Supervisory Board may not, according to Section 25d of the German Banking Act (KWG), and shall not,
according to the recommendations under C.4 and C.5 of the German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), hold more than
the allowed number of supervisory board mandates or mandates in supervisory bodies of companies which have similar
requirements. A Supervisory Board member of Deutsche Bank AG may concurrently be a member of the supervisory body
of a maximum of five companies (including Deutsche Bank AG). If a Supervisory Board member is also an executive director
of a company, this Supervisory Board member may concurrently be a member of the supervisory body of a maximum of
three companies (including Deutsche Bank AG). The decisive factors for determining if this is the case are the supervisory
authority’s regulatory requirements in consideration of the local laws. Compliance with this statutory regulation is
continually monitored by the regulatory authorities. In the event of directorship overboarding, the supervisory authorities
may require that Deutsche Bank AG revoke a Supervisory Board member’s appointment and prohibit this Supervisory Board
member from performing his or her work. In the preceding financial year, the requirements on the admissible number of
concurrently performed supervisory board mandates were met.

631

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Supervisory Board Committee experts

With regard to the disclosure requirements under European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) 2 GOV-1 21. (e) and
the definition specified therein for “independent board members”, 100% of the Supervisory Board members are
independent within the meaning of the ESRS. In the preceding financial year, there were no former members of the
Management Board on the Supervisory Board
Some members of the Supervisory Board are, or were last year, in high-ranking positions at other companies that Deutsche
Bank AG has business relations with. Business transactions of Deutsche Bank AG with these companies were conducted
under the same conditions as those between unrelated third parties. In the opinion of the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board, these transactions did not affect the independence of the Supervisory Board members involved.

Supervisory Board Committee experts
Audit Committee Financial experts
The Supervisory Board determined that the following members of the Audit Committee are “Audit Committee Financial
Experts” as such term is defined by the implementation rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission issued
pursuant to Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002: Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel, Dr. Theodor Weimer, Professor
Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann and Frank Witter. These Audit Committee Financial Experts are “independent” of the bank, as
defined in Rule 10A-3 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board determined in accordance with Sections 107 (4) and 100 (5) of the Stock Corporation
Act (AktG) and Section 25d (9) of the German Banking Act (KWG) that Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel, Dr. Theodor Weimer, Professor
Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann and Frank Witter have expert knowledge in financial accounting and the auditing of financial
statements.
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel has expertise in the areas of accounting and auditing through her many years of experience as Chair
of the Management Board of Andbank Asset Management Luxembourg S.A. and Barclays Vida y Pensiones, S.A.U. and
through her current work as member of the Board of Directors of Antin Infrastructure Partners S.A. Dr. Theodor Weimer
has expertise in the areas of accounting and auditing through his many years of experience as Chief Executive Officer of
HypoVereinsbank/UniCredit AG and as a former member of the Audit Committee of ERGO Gruppe AG as well as through
his work as Chairman of the Executive Board of Deutsche Börse AG. Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann has expertise in
the areas of accounting and auditing through his education and training as an auditor and his many years of experience as
an auditor at various auditing firms and as Chairman of the Management Board of PwC Europe SE. Frank Witter has
expertise in the areas of accounting and auditing through his many years of experience as Chief Financial Officer of
Volkswagen AG and as Chairman of the Board of Management of Volkswagen Financial Services AG.

Compensation Control Committee Compensation experts
Pursuant to Section 25d (12) of the German Banking Act (KWG), at least one member of the Compensation Control
Committee must have sufficient expertise and professional experience in the field of risk management and risk controlling,
in particular, with regard to the mechanisms to align compensation systems to the company’s overall risk appetite and
strategy and the bank’s capital base. Based on the recommendation of the Compensation Control Committee, the
Supervisory Board resolved to specify by name Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel, Alexander Wynaendts and Professor Dr. Norbert
Winkeljohann as Compensation Control Committee Compensation Experts. All of them have expertise and professional
experience in the field of risk management and risk controlling, in particular with regard to mechanisms to align the
compensation systems to the company’s overall risk appetite and strategy and its capital base. They therefore fulfill the
requirements of Section 25d (12) of the German Banking Act (KWG). Dr. Valcárcel has comprehensive legal experience
with compensation frameworks, including reputational risks, from her time as, among other things, Head of the Legal
Department of Barclays PLC for Western Europe. Based on their years of experience as Management Board Chairman
and/or Chief Executive Officer, Alexander Wynaendts and Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann have sufficient expertise
and professional experience in the area of risk management and risk controlling.

632

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Share ownership of Supervisory Board members

Share ownership of Supervisory Board members
The individual members of the Supervisory Board held the following numbers of shares (and share awards under employee
share plans):
Members of the Supervisory Board

Number of
shares

Number of
share awards

Alexander Wynaendts
Susanne Bleidt
Mayree Clark
Jan Duscheck
Manja Eifert
Claudia Fieber
Sigmar Gabriel
Florian Haggenmiller
Timo Heider
Frank Schulze
Gerlinde M. Siebert
Yngve Slyngstad
Stephan Szukalski
John Alexander Thain
Jürgen Tögel
Michele Trogni
Dr. Dagmar Valcárcel
Dr. Theodor Weimer
Professor Dr. Norbert Winkeljohann
Frank Witter
Total

6,866
0
109,444
0
208
401
1,373
0
0
587
5,478
1,200
0
100,000
1,161
15,000
1,602
108,000
4,150
1,853
357,323

0
0
0
0
10
10
0
0
0
0
7,097
0
0
0
10
0
0
0
0
0
7,127

1

Ms. Siebert has an entitlement to 7,097 shares as part of her deferred variable compensation as an employee. These share awards will be due for delivery in the years
2025 to 2027.

As of February 7, 2025, the members of the Supervisory Board held 357,323 shares, which is less than 0.02% of the shares
issued as of that day.
The “Number of share awards” column in the table lists share awards granted under the Global Share Purchase Plan to
Supervisory Board members who are employees of Deutsche Bank (“Matching Awards”), which are scheduled to be
delivered to them on November 1, 2025, as well as Restricted Equity Awards (deferred share awards), which are granted
to employees with deferred variable compensation. The Restricted Equity Awards are indicated with a footnote in the
table, and further details on them as a compensation instrument are provided in the “Employee compensation report”.
The Compensation Report on the preceding financial year and the auditor’s report pursuant to Section 162 of the German
Stock Corporation Act (AktG), the currently applicable compensation system pursuant to Section 87a (1) and (2) sentence
1 AktG as well as the last resolution on compensation pursuant to Section 113 (3) AktG are available from the website:
www.db.com (under the Investor Relations headings “Reports and Events”, “Annual Reports”).

633

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Diversity concept

Diversity concept
The Stock Corporation Act (AktG) requires that a company that is listed on a stock exchange and has three or more
members of the Management Board, such as Deutsche Bank, must have at least one woman and one man as member of
its Management Board, failing which renders the appointment void. In addition, promoting diversity on the Management
Board is very important to the Supervisory Board, and it is intensively addressing the topic. It is actively working on
Management Board diversity, e.g., in terms of gender, nationality and age, as well as different backgrounds and mindsets.
Moreover, the AktG requires that the Management Board of a listed company sets targets for the share of women in the
two management layers below the Management Board. The Supervisory Board and Management Board strive to and
should serve as role models for the bank regarding diversity, equity and inclusion generally. In accordance with the bank’s
values and beliefs specified above, diversity in the composition of the Supervisory Board and the Management Board also
facilitates the proper performance of the tasks and duties assigned to them by law, the Articles of Association and Terms
of Reference.
As an integral part of Deutsche Bank’s strategy as a leading European bank with a global reach and a strong home market
in Germany, diversity is a decisive factor for the bank’s success. Diversity, equity and inclusion help Deutsche Bank in
forming and strengthening relationships with its clients and partners in the societies where the bank does business.
Age and gender as well as educational and professional backgrounds have long been accepted as key aspects of the far
more comprehensive understanding of diversity at Deutsche Bank.
The bank is convinced that diversity, equity and inclusion stimulate innovation, for example, and helps the bank to take
more balanced decisions and thus play a decisive role for the success of Deutsche Bank. Diversity and inclusion are
therefore integral components of the bank’s values and beliefs and its Code of Conduct.
The targets for the proportion of women in management positions, the gender quota and the disclosure pursuant to
Section 96 (2) of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) are described in the "Sustainability Statement" in the section
"Own Workforce"

Diversity concept for the Supervisory Board
The diversity concept for the Supervisory Board and its implementation are described in the section “Supervisory Board Objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board, Profile of Requirements, diversity concept and status of
implementation”.

Diversity concept and succession planning for the Management Board
Through the composition of the Management Board, it is to be ensured that its members have, at all times, the required
knowledge, skills and experience necessary to properly perform their tasks. Accordingly, when selecting members for the
Management Board, care is to be taken that they collectively have sufficient expertise and diversity within the meaning of
the objectives specified above. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board and Management Board are to ensure long-term
succession planning.
The Act to Supplement and Amend Regulations on the Equal Participation of Women and Men in Management Positions
in the Private and Public Sectors (Equal Participation Act II (FüPoG II) requires that at least one woman and one man be
appointed to a management board with more than three members; however, no additional goals must be set. The bank
fulfilled this requirement as of December 31, 2024, as it has two women on the Management Board. In general, a
Management Board member should not be older at the end of his or her appointment period than the regular retirement
age according to the rules of the statutory pension insurance scheme applicable in Germany for the long-term insured to
claim an early retirement pension.

634

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Supervisory Board
Diversity concept

Implementation
In accordance with the law, the Articles of Association and Terms of Reference, the Supervisory Board adopted a candidate
profile for the members of the Management Board, based on a proposal from the Nomination Committee. This profile takes
into account an “Expertise and Capabilities Matrix”, specifying, among other things, the required knowledge, skills and
experience to perform the tasks as Management Board member, in order to successfully develop and implement the bank’s
strategy in the respective market or the respective division and as a management body collectively. The Management
Board reviews succession plans for Management Board positions, both individually and as a group. Individual succession
plans are reviewed and internal succession candidates are discussed in detail based on potential, leadership skills and
experience as well as fit and proper suitability. As gender diversity is a key focus of Deutsche Bank, the respective
succession metrics and data analytics support this process. After approval by the Management Board these plans are
submitted to the Nomination Committee and the Supervisory Board in principle at a meeting for extensive deliberation.
In identifying candidates to fill a position on the bank’s Management Board, the Supervisory Board’s Nomination
Committee takes into account the appropriate diversity balance of all Management Board members collectively.
Furthermore, it also considers the targets set by the Supervisory Board in accordance with statutory requirements for the
percentage of women on the Management Board.
The Nomination Committee supports the Supervisory Board with the periodic assessment, to be performed at least once
a year, of the knowledge, skills and experience of the individual members of the Management Board and of the
Management Board in its entirety.

Results achieved in the 2024 financial year
As of December 31, 2024, the Management Board comprised two women (20 %) and eight men.
The age structure is diverse, ranging from 49 to 58 years of age as of December 31, 2024. nine years.
In light of the bank’s strategy as a leading European bank with a global reach and a strong home market in Germany, five
of the ten Management Board members as of December 31, 2024 have a German background. Furthermore, the
Management Board members come from Italy, the United Kingdom, France, Australia, New Zealand and Switzerland.
However, the ethnic diversity of the Management Board does not currently reflect the full diversity of the markets where
the bank does business or the diversity of Deutsche Bank’s employees.
The diverse range of the Management Board members’ educational and professional backgrounds includes accounting,
banking, business administration, economics, engineering finance, literature, law and philosophy.
The bank transparently reports on Management Board diversity in addition to the information presented in this Corporate
Governance Statement according to Sec. 289f and 315d of the German Commercial Code in the sections “Management
Board” and “Supervisory Board” as well as on the bank’s website: www.db.com (Heading: Investor Relations, “Corporate
Governance”, “Management Board”).

635

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Related Party Transactions
Value and leadership principles of Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Group

Related Party Transactions
For information on related party transactions please refer to Note 36 “Related party transactions“.

Value and leadership principles of Deutsche Bank AG and
Deutsche Bank Group
Deutsche Bank Group Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics for Senior Financial
Officers
Deutsche Bank Group’s Code of Conduct sets out Deutsche Banks’s purpose, values and beliefs and minimum standards
of conduct that the bank expects all members of the Management Board and employees to follow. These values and
standards govern employee interactions with the bank’s clients, competitors, business partners, government and
regulatory authorities, and shareholders, as well as with other employees. In addition, the Code forms the cornerstone of
the bank’s policies, which provide guidance on compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
In accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the bank adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial
Officers of Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Group with special obligations that apply to the “Senior Financial
Officers”, which currently consist of Deutsche Bank’s Chairman of the Management Board and the Chief Financial Officer
as well as certain other Senior Financial Officers. There were no amendments or waivers to this Code of Ethics in 2024.
The current versions of the Code of Conduct as well as the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers of Deutsche Bank
AG and Deutsche Bank Group are available from Deutsche Bank’s website: www.db.com/ir/en/documents.htm.

Corporate Governance at Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Group
Deutsche Bank established a Group Governance function to define, implement and monitor the corporate governance
framework of Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Group and to perform this governance function throughout the
Group. Group Governance addresses corporate governance issues in Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Group, while
focusing closely on clear organizational structures aligned to the key elements of good corporate governance.
Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Group are committed to ensuring a corporate governance framework in accordance
with international standards and statutory provisions. In support of this objective, Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank
Group have instituted clear corporate governance principles.
Further details on corporate governance are published on Deutsche Bank’s website (www.db.com/ir/en/corporategovernance.htm).

636

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Related Party Transactions
Principal accountant fees and services

Principal accountant fees and services
In accordance with German law, Deutsche Bank’s principal accountant is appointed at the Annual General Meeting based
on a recommendation of Deutsche Bank’s Supervisory Board. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board prepares
such a recommendation. Subsequent to the principal accountant’s appointment, the Audit Committee awards the
contract and in its sole authority approves the terms and scope of the audit and all audit engagement fees as well as
monitors the principal accountant’s independence. EY GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (EY) was the
bank’s principal accountant for the 2023 and 2024 fiscal years, respectively.
The tables set forth below contain the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years by EY in each of the
following categories: (1) Audit fees include fees for professional services for the audit of Deutsche Bank’s annual financial
statements and consolidated financial statements and do not include audit fees for DWS and its subsidiaries that are not
audited by EY, (2) Audit-related fees include fees for other assurance services required by law or regulations, in particular
for financial service specific attestation, for quarterly reviews, for mergers and acquisition audits, as well as fees for
voluntary assurance services, like voluntary audits for internal management purposes and the issuance of comfort letters,
(3) Tax-related fees include fees for services relating to the preparation and review of tax returns and related compliance
assistance and advice, tax consultation and advice relating to tax planning initiatives and assistance with assessing
compliance with tax regulations, and (4) All other fees, which are fees for products and services other than Audit fees,
Audit-related fees and Tax-related fees. These amounts include expenses and exclude Value Added Tax (VAT).
Fees billed by EY
Fee category in € m.

2024

2023

Audit fees
Audit-related fees
Tax-related fees
All other fees
Total fees

69
10
0
1
80

66
12
0
0
78

1

Under SEC regulations, the principal accountant fees are required to be presented as follows: audit fees were € 72 million
in 2024 compared to € 68 million in 2023, audit-related fees were € 7 million in 2024 compared to € 10 million in 2023,
tax-related fees were € 0 in 2024 and 2023, and all other fees were € 1 million in 2024 compared to € 0 million in 2023.
United States law and regulations generally require that all engagements of Deutsche Bank’s principal accountant be preapproved by the Audit Committee of the Bank’s Supervisory Board or pursuant to policies and procedures adopted by it.
The Audit Committee has designated a list of pre-approved audit, audit-related and tax services that it has authorized the
Finance Chief Accounting Office to engage Deutsche Bank’s principal accountant to perform if the estimated costs are
less than or equal to € 1 million. The Audit Committee has also designated a list of pre-approved audit services that it has
authorized the Finance Chief Accounting Office to engage Deutsche Bank’s principal accountant to perform with
estimated costs in excess of € 1 million. All engagement requests for audit, audit-related and tax services that are not on
the pre-approved list of specified services must be approved by the Audit Committee. The Finance Chief Accounting
Office periodically reports the engagements approved by it to the Audit Committee. In addition, to facilitate the
consideration of engagement requests between its meetings, the Audit Committee has delegated approval authority to
several of its members who are “independent” as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York
Stock Exchange. Such members are required to report any approvals made by them to the Audit Committee at its next
meeting.
Additionally, United States law and regulations permit the pre-approval requirement to be waived with respect to
engagements for non-audit services aggregating to no more than five percent of the total amount of revenues the bank
paid to the principal accountant, if such engagements were not recognized by the bank at the time of engagement and
were promptly brought to the attention of the bank’s Audit Committee or a designated member thereof and approved
prior to the completion of the audit. In 2023 and 2024, the percentage of the total amount of revenues Deutsche Bank
paid to its principal accountant for non-audit services that was subject to such a waiver was less than 5% for each year.

637

5

Article 8 tables

639

Tabular disclosures in accordance with
Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation
640

644
648
656
664
668
672
676
680
681
682
683
684
685
690
692

Table 1.1: Assets for the calculation
of GAR (Turnover KPIs)
Table 1.2: Assets for the calculation
of GAR (CapEx KPIs)
Table 2.1: GAR sector information
(Turnover KPIs)
Table 2.2: GAR sector information
(CapEx KPIs)
Table 3.1: GAR KPI stock (Turnover)
Table 3.2: GAR KPI stock (CapEx)
Table 4.1: GAR KPI flow (Turnover KPIs)
Table 4.2: GAR KPI flow (CapEx KPIs)
Table 5.1: KPI off-balance sheet
exposures (Turnover KPIs stock)
Table 5.2: KPI off-balance sheet
exposures (Turnover KPIs flow)
Table 5.3: KPI off-balance sheet
exposures (CapEx KPIs stock)
Table 5.4: KPI off-balance sheet
exposures (CapEx KPIs flow)
Nuclear energy and fossil gas related
activities – Turnover KPIs
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities
(denominator) – Turnover KPIs
Taxonomy-eligible but not
taxonomy-aligned economic
activities – Turnover KPIs
Taxonomy non-eligible economic
activities – Turnover KPIs

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of
the Taxonomy Regulation
Tables 1.1 and 1.2 “Assets for the calculation of GAR” highlight the composition of the ratio’s numerator and denominator.
Exposures are presented by counterparty type, e.g., financial undertakings, non-financial undertakings and households,
and further split by product type, e.g., loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments. Assets which are not
considered in the GAR calculation i.e., exposures to central governments and supranational issuers, central banks
exposures and trading book are also reported in these tables. Finally, the tables include off-balance sheet exposures for
financial guarantees and assets under management with undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations. The assets
under management reflect the total of the in scope Private Bank and Asset Management (DWS) positions.
Taxonomy eligibility and alignment are assessed for exposures which are included in the GAR numerator. For year-end
2024, Deutsche Bank is reporting on the Taxonomy eligibility and alignment for the climate change mitigation and
adaptation objectives, as well as Taxonomy eligibility for the four remaining environmental objectives (water and marine
resources, circular economy, pollution prevention and control, biodiversity and ecosystems).
The tables are duplicated based on the turnover and capex KPIs of the bank’s counterparties for the general purpose
lending exposures, while exposures with known use of proceeds are presented in both tables in the same way.
Tables 2.1 and 2.2 “GAR sector information” lay out banking book exposures toward the sectors covered by the EU
Taxonomy compass under the climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives. NACE codes are required to be
presented at the level 4 and are based on the principal activity of the counterparty. For counterparties which are holding
companies, the NACE sector of the principal activity of the specific counterparty controlled by the holding company is
considered for reporting. The tables are duplicated based on the turnover and capex KPIs of the bank’s counterparties for
the general purpose lending exposures.
Tables 3.1 and 3.2 “GAR KPI stock” present the GAR KPIs on the basis of data disclosed in the Tables 1.1 and 1.2
respectively. KPIs in this template reflect the proportion of exposures related to Taxonomy eligible and aligned activities
compared to the covered assets. The tables are duplicated based on the turnover and capex KPIs of the bank’s
counterparties for the general purpose lending exposures.
Tables 4.1 and 4.2 “GAR KPI flow” highlight the GAR KPIs on flow of new Taxonomy eligible and aligned loans and
advances, debt securities and equity instruments to NFRD-relevant undertakings and households in relation to the total
flow of loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments to financial and non-financial undertakings and
households. The flow data is calculated using gross carrying amount of exposures at origination (i.e., new loans and
advances, debt securities, equity instruments) newly incurred between January and December 2024. The tables are
duplicated based on the turnover and capex KPIs of the bank’s counterparties for the general purpose lending exposures.
Tables 5.1, 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4 “KPI off-balance-sheet exposures” lay out KPIs for off-balance sheet exposures, financial
guarantees and assets under management, in stock and flow, calculated on the basis of data disclosed in Tables 1.1 and
1.2 respectively. The assets under management data reflect the total of the in scope Private Bank and Asset Management
(DWS) positions. As the Disclosure Delegated Acts and Frequently Asked Questions documents from the EU Commission
provide no definition of flows for assets under management, Deutsche Bank assesses them based on the net flows in line
with the common industry practice of the assets under management reporting. Where net flows were negative in the
reporting period, resulting EU Taxonomy KPIs are set to zero.
Finally, nuclear energy and fossil gas tables are used to report on the Taxonomy alignment of exposures to counterparties
engaged in six nuclear energy and fossil gas activities prescribed in the Complementary Climate Delegated Act EU
2022/1214. Tables are reported for on balance sheet exposures in scope of GAR stock KPI as well as for off-balance-sheet
exposures. Tables for GAR flow KPI are not reported given the immateriality of exposures. All tables are duplicated based
on the turnover and capex KPIs of the bank’s counterparties for the general purpose lending exposures.
Numbers presented in the following tables may not add up due to rounding. Blank cells represent datapoints that don’t
have to be reported based on the templates prescribed by the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the related Disclosures
Delegated Acts.

639

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 1.1: Assets for the calculation of GAR (Turnover KPIs)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Total [gross] carrying
amount

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the
32
denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure
34
obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure
40
obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

234,124

172,994

6,079

4,986

57

561

294

18

0

7

22,212
17,525
17,086
438
0
4,688
2,970
2,970
0
0
760
760
0
0
958
958
0
0
12,313
12,094
220
0
199,587
159,075
2,948
3,478
0
0
0

4,507
3,663
3,627
36
0
844
622
622
0
0
30
30
0
0
193
193
0
0
2,980
2,902
78
0
165,497
159,071
2,948
3,478
0
0
0

367
271
270
1
0
96
69
69
0
0
0
0
0
0
27
27
0
0
742
742
0
0
4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

93
25
25
0
0
67
62
62
0
0
0
0
0
0
5
5
0
0
469
469
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

10
6
6
0
0
4
4
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
284
284
0
0
0
0
0

4
0
0
0
0
4
4
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
14
14
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0

28
27
27
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
28
28
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

4
0
0
0
0
4
4
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
3
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

11

11

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

172,994

6,079

4,986

57

561

294

18

0

7

172,994

6,079

4,986

57

561

294

18

0

7

1,433
84,162
3
7,933

781
16,673
3
3,299

0
0
0
0

7
864
0
37

665
9,222
2
2,489

58
3,895
0
294

2
413
0
14

0
0
0
0

2
187
0
5

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
16
16
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

381,248
349,350
125,585
122,858
21,540
629
2,258
469
223,765
214,331
8,416
1,018
1,151
6,109
1,896
22,742
615,372
773,661
152,482
155,851
465,328
1,389,033
32,780
1,206,884
252,814
590,595

640

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

k

o

s

w

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
34 SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
40 Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0

0

0

0

2

118

48

0

173,456

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
2

13
1
1
0
0
12
12
12
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
105
105
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
118
0
0
0
0
118

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
48
48
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
48
0
0
0
0
48

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

6
186
0
11

61
3078
0
448

38
3249
0
531

0
313
0
82

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

6,097

4,986

57

568

4,530
3,669
3,634
36
0
861
638
638
0
0
30
30
0
0
193
193
0
0
3,419
3,341
78
0
165,497
159,071
2,948
3,478
0
0
0
11

371
271
270
1
0
100
73
73
0
0
0
0
0
0
27
27
0
0
756
756
0
0
4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0
0

28
27
27
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
28
28
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

96
25
25
0
0
71
66
66
0
0
0
0
0
0
5
5
0
0
471
471
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

173,456

6,097

4,986

57

568

173,456

6,097

4,986

57

568

1,596
94,884
4
9,298

783
17,086
3
3,313

0
0
0
0

7
864
0
37

667
9,409
2
2,494

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
16
16
0

PY

641

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Total [gross] carrying
amount

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the
32
denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure
34
obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure
40
obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments
0

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

236,209

172,463

7,493

6,606

109

412

64

53

0

12

13,012
10,102
9,244
858
0
2,910
924
924
0
0
911
911
0
0
1,074
1,074
0
0
12,394
12,278
114
2
210,792
161,427
2,562
2,978
0
0
0

2,308
1,582
1,581
1
0
726
617
617
0
0
45
45
0
0
64
64
0
0
3,188
3,076
111
1
166,967
161,427
2,562
2,978
0
0
0

57
0
0
0
0
57
56
56
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
831
830
0
1
6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

55
0
0
0
0
55
54
54
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
358
357
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

5
0
0
0
0
5
5
5
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
60
60
0
0
0
0
0

3
0
0
0
0
3
3
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
49
49
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
109
109
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

1
0
0
0
0
1
1
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
12
12
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

12

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

172,462

7,493

6,606

109

412

66

55

0

14

172,462

7,493

6,606

109

412

66

55

0

14

976
91,297
1,592
12,028

149
8,449
189
1,978

0
0
0
0

2
397
4
148

65
4,568
72
1,327

25
848
21
117

4
186
3
131

0
0
0
0

3
59
3
5

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

344,746
310,689
126,832
123,016
21,835
125
3,424
393
183,857
175,400
7,561
896
1,225
6,048
1,774
25,010
580,956
733,277
145,031
186,931
401,315
1,314,232
29,422
1,074,167
176,915
465,024

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

642

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

k

o

s

w

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
34 SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
40 Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

0

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

172,527

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

0

0

0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

0

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

7,546

6,606

109

424

2,312
1,582
1,581
1
0
730
621
621
0
0
45
45
0
0
64
64
0
0
3,248
3,135
111
1
166,967
161,427
2,562
2,978
0
0
0
0

60
0
0
0
0
60
60
60
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
880
879
0
1
6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
109
109
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

55
0
0
0
0
55
55
55
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
369
369
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

172,527

7,548

6,606

109

426

172,527

7,548

6,606

109

426

1,001
92,145
1,613
12,145

153
8,635
193
2,109

0
0
0
0

2
397
4
148

67
4,627
74
1,332

0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0

0

0

643

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 1.2: Assets for the calculation of GAR (CapEx KPIs)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j
Dec 31, 2024

in € m.

Total [gross] carrying
amount

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the
32
denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure
34
obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure
40
obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

234,124

174,312

7,158

4,986

145

1,065

551

150

0

30

22,212
17,525
17,086
438
0
4,688
2,970
2,970
0
0
760
760
0
0
958
958
0
0
12,313
12,094
220
0
199,587
159,075
2,948
3,478
0
0
0

4,590
3,659
3,636
23
0
931
698
698
0
0
30
30
0
0
203
203
0
0
4,215
4,136
79
0
165,497
159,071
2,948
3,478
0
0
0

532
322
321
2
0
210
174
174
0
0
0
0
0
0
35
35
0
0
1,657
1,655
2
0
4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

167
47
47
0
0
120
111
111
0
0
0
0
0
0
9
9
0
0
898
896
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

33
15
15
0
0
18
15
15
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
3
0
0
518
518
0
0
0
0
0

17
1
1
0
0
16
15
15
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
133
133
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0

39
33
33
0
0
6
4
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2
0
0
106
106
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

15
0
0
0
0
15
15
15
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
15
15
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

11

11

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

174,312

7,158

4,986

145

1,065

551

150

0

30

174,312

7,158

4,986

145

1,065

551

150

0

30

1,792
99,369
5
12,841

1,034
26,123
5
5,808

0
0
0
0

18
1,467
0
177

614
13,164
3
3,354

75
2,773
0
527

9
811
0
40

0
0
0
0

5
389
0
20

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
16
16
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

381,248
349,350
125,585
122,858
21,540
629
2,258
469
223,765
214,331
8,416
1,018
1,151
6,109
1,896
22,742
615,372
773,661
152,482
155,851
465,328
1,389,033
32,780
1,206,884
252,814
590,595

644

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

k

o

s

w

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2024

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

in € m.

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
34 SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
40 Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

2

173

35

0

175,073

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

7
0
0
0
0
7
7
7
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
166
166
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
35
35
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

4,629
3,674
3,651
24
0
955
719
719
0
0
30
30
0
0
206
206
0
0
4,936
4,858
79
0
165,497
159,071
2,948
0
0
0
0
11

2

173

35

0

2

173

35

8
316
0
16

39
2,241
0
386

7
2,693
0
345

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

7,308

4,986

145

1,095

549
323
322
2
0
225
189
189
0
0
0
0
0
0
36
36
0
0
1,790
1,788
2
0
4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

4,970
4,970
0
0
0
0
0
0

39
33
33
0
0
6
4
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2
0
0
106
106
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

182
47
47
0
0
135
126
126
0
0
0
0
0
0
9
9
0
0
913
911
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

175,073

7,308

4,986

145

1,095

0

175,073

7,308

4,986

145

1,095

0
50
0
3

1,922
107,442
5
14,117

1,043
26,933
5
5,848

0
0
0
0

18
1,467
0
177

619
13,553
3
3,374

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
16
16
0

645

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

Total [gross] carrying
amount

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the
32
denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure
34
obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure
40
obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

236,209

174,064

8,745

6,606

234

868

234

183

0

10

13,012
10,102
9,244
858
0
2,910
924
924
0
0
911
911
0
0
1,074
1,074
0
0
12,394
12,278
114
2
210,792
161,427
2,562
2,978
0
0
0

2,285
1,534
1,533
1
0
751
635
635
0
0
51
51
0
0
65
65
0
0
4,812
4,697
114
1
166,967
161,427
2,562
2,978
0
0
0

125
0
0
0
0
125
122
122
0
0
1
1
0
0
1
1
0
0
2,015
2,011
3
1
6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

106
0
0
0
0
106
105
105
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
762
759
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
234
234
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
183
183
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0

9
0
0
0
0
9
9
9
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
226
226
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
10
10
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

0
0
0

12

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

174,061

8,745

6,606

234

868

237

187

0

14

174,061

8,745

6,606

234

868

237

187

0

14

1,417
49,029
1,996
16,275

365
16,648
498
4,573

0
0
0
0

4
933
21
303

175
8,548
207
2,826

22
1,011
21
134

10
209
8
143

0
0
0
0

9
26
8
12

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

344,746
310,689
126,832
123,015
21,835
125
3,423
393
183,857
175,400
7,561
896
1,225
6,048
1,774
25,010
580,955
733,277
145,031
186,930
401,315
1,314,232
29,422
1,074,167
176,195
465,024

646

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

k

o

s

w

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2023

in € m.

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Assets excluded from the numerator for GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
33 Financial and Non-financial undertakings
34 SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
35 Loans and advances
36
of which loans collateralized by commercial immovable property
37
of which building renovation loans
38 Debt securities
39 Equity instruments
40 Non-EU country counterparties not subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
41 Loans and advances
42 Debt securities
43 Equity instruments
44 Derivatives
45 On demand interbank loans
46 Cash and cash-related assets
47 Other categories of assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities etc.)
48 Total GAR assets
49 Assets not covered for GAR calculation
50 Central governments and Supranational issuers
51 Central banks exposure
52 Trading book
53 Total assets
Off-balance sheet exposures - Undertakings subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
54 Financial guarantees
55 Assets under Management
56 Of which debt securities
57 Of which equity instruments

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Of which towards
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0

0

0

0

174,298

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0

0

0

0

0

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

8,928

6,606

234

877

2,285
1,534
1,533
1
0
752
636
636
0
0
51
51
0
0
65
65
0
0
5,046
4,931
114
1
166,967
161,427
2,562
2,978
0
0
0
0

125
0
0
0
0
125
122
122
0
0
2
2
0
0
1
1
0
0
2,198
2,194
3
1
6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

6,606
6,606
0
0
0
0
0
0

9
0
0
0
0
9
9
9
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
226
226
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

106
0
0
0
0
106
105
105
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
772
769
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

0

174,298

8,932

6,606

234

881

0

0

174,298

8,932

6,606

234

881

0
0
0
0

0
0
0
0

1,438
50,041
2,018
16,409

374
16,857
506
4,716

0
0
0
0

4
933
21
303

183
8,573
215
2,838

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

647

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 2.1: GAR sector information (Turnover KPIs)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

8
0
25
3
30
6
15
0
3
16
6
28
138
3
2
14
0
9
32
0
0
4
192
7
0
3
0
1
4
0
2
1
91
159
6
0
323
31
93
21
454
503
0
4
0
29
0
40
0
332

0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
26
0
0
0
0
1
5
0
0
1
30
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
21
23
0
0
16
0
22
0
36
41
0
2
0
0
0
3
0
46

8
0
25
3
30
6
15
0
3
16
6
28
138
3
2
14
0
9
32
0
0
4
192
7
0
3
0
1
4
0
2
1
91
159
6
0
323
31
93
21
454
503
0
4
0
29
0
40
0
332

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
5
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

Of which
environ- mentally
sustainable
(CCA)

648

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

135
0
76
0
7
65
0
18
5
0
0
86
4
0
0
62
27
193
12
0
55
63
155
23
88
62
2
57
104
469
192
555
82
85
0
3
132
8
25
22
0

12
0
6
0
4
0
0
6
1
0
0
21
1
0
0
1
0
6
2
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0
0
0
7
0
53
2
6
0
0
8
0
0
0
0

135
0
76
0
7
65
0
18
5
0
0
86
4
0
0
62
27
193
12
0
55
63
155
23
88
62
2
57
104
469
192
555
82
85
0
3
132
8
25
22
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

Of which
environ- mentally
sustainable
(CCA)

649

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2024

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

8
0
25
3
30
6
15
0
3
16
6
28
138
3
2
14
0
9
32
0
0
4
192
7
0
3
0
1
4
0
2
1
91
159
6
0
323
31
93
21
454
503
0
4
0
29
0
40
0
332

0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
26
0
0
0
0
1
5
0
0
1
30
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
21
23
0
0
16
0
22
0
40
42
0
2
0
0
0
3
0
46

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

in € m

650

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2024

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

135
0
76
0
7
65
0
18
5
0
0
86
4
0
0
62
27
193
12
0
55
63
155
23
88
62
2
57
104
469
192
555
82
85
0
3
132
8
25
22
0

12
0
6
0
4
0
0
6
2
0
0
21
1
0
0
1
0
6
2
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
0
0
0
7
0
53
2
6
0
0
8
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

in € m

651

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

6
8
13
1
46
7
6
265
1
18
2
33
126
4
1
0
0
31
8
2
0
0
140
2
0
0
0
2
3
0
20
1
89
160
10
0
104
47
138
27
803
825
80
2
0
3
0
29
0
1,155

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
16
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
13
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
4
0
1
0
4
1
56
3
43
62
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
286

6
8
13
1
46
7
6
265
1
18
2
33
126
4
1
0
0
31
8
2
0
0
140
2
0
0
0
2
3
0
20
1
89
160
10
0
104
47
138
27
803
825
80
2
0
3
0
29
0
1,155

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

652

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

383
15
42
6
6
17
0
27
5
8
0
97
5
0
0
73
61
267
13
0
58
109
222
40
143
37
9
35
85
164
1
609
159
56
0
5
101
11
22
31
0

57
2
1
1
0
6
0
10
0
0
0
13
1
0
0
2
0
9
2
0
0
1
0
0
4
3
0
0
0
2
0
52
11
5
0
0
1
0
0
0
0

383
15
42
6
6
17
0
27
5
8
0
97
5
0
0
73
61
267
13
0
58
109
222
40
143
37
9
35
85
164
1
609
159
56
0
5
101
11
22
31
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

653

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2023

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

6
8
13
1
46
7
6
265
1
18
2
33
126
4
1
0
0
31
8
2
0
0
140
2
0
0
0
2
3
0
20
1
89
160
10
0
104
47
138
27
803
825
80
2
0
3
0
29
0
1,155

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
16
0
0
0
0
0
3
0
0
0
17
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
4
0
1
0
4
1
56
3
44
64
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
289

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

in € m

654

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2023

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

383
15
42
6
6
17
0
27
5
8
0
97
5
0
0
73
61
267
13
0
58
109
222
40
143
37
9
35
85
164
1
609
159
56
0
5
101
11
22
31
0

57
2
1
1
0
6
0
10
0
0
0
13
1
0
0
2
0
9
2
0
0
1
2
0
4
3
0
0
0
2
0
52
11
5
0
0
1
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

in € m

655

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 2.2: GAR sector information (CapEx KPIs)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

8
0
25
3
30
6
15
0
3
16
6
28
138
3
2
14
0
9
32
0
0
4
192
7
0
3
0
1
4
0
2
1
91
159
6
0
323
31
93
21
454
503
0
4
0
29
0
40
0
332

0
0
8
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
4
0
29
0
0
0
0
1
7
0
0
1
39
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
53
52
0
0
22
1
45
0
100
95
0
2
0
0
0
1
0
238

8
0
25
3
30
6
15
0
3
16
6
28
138
3
2
14
0
9
32
0
0
4
192
7
0
3
0
1
4
0
2
1
91
159
6
0
323
31
93
21
454
503
0
4
0
29
0
40
0
332

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
19
5
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

656

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

135
0
76
0
7
65
0
18
5
0
0
86
4
0
0
62
27
193
12
0
55
63
155
23
88
62
2
57
104
469
192
555
82
85
0
3
132
8
25
22
0

42
0
22
0
7
0
0
2
1
0
0
25
1
0
0
5
0
17
4
0
0
0
1
0
0
11
0
0
0
41
0
91
1
5
0
0
13
0
0
3
0

135
0
76
0
7
65
0
18
5
0
0
86
4
0
0
62
27
193
12
0
55
63
155
23
88
62
2
57
104
469
192
555
82
85
0
3
132
8
25
22
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
88
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

657

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2024

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

8
0
25
3
30
6
15
0
3
16
6
28
138
3
2
14
0
9
32
0
0
4
192
7
0
3
0
1
4
0
2
1
91
159
6
0
323
31
93
21
454
503
0
4
0
29
0
40
0
332

0
0
8
0
0
0
1
0
0
2
4
0
29
0
0
0
0
1
7
0
0
1
39
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
53
52
0
0
22
1
45
0
119
100
0
2
0
0
0
1
0
240

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

in € m

658

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2024

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

135
0
76
0
7
65
0
18
5
0
0
86
4
0
0
62
27
193
12
0
55
63
155
23
88
62
2
57
104
469
192
555
82
85
0
3
132
8
25
22
0

42
0
22
0
7
0
0
2
1
0
0
25
1
0
0
5
0
17
4
0
0
0
3
0
0
11
0
0
0
41
0
179
1
5
0
0
13
0
0
3
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

in € m

659

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

6
8
13
1
46
7
6
265
1
18
2
33
126
4
1
0
0
31
8
2
0
0
140
2
0
0
0
2
3
0
20
1
89
160
10
0
104
47
138
27
803
825
80
2
0
3
0
29
0
1,155

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
16
0
0
0
0
0
3
1
0
0
14
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
34
0
1
0
7
6
53
2
121
156
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
733

6
8
13
1
46
7
6
265
1
18
2
33
126
4
1
0
0
31
8
2
0
0
140
2
0
0
0
2
3
0
20
1
89
160
10
0
104
47
138
27
803
825
80
2
0
3
0
29
0
1,155

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3
0
0
0
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
7
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
3

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

660

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject
to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM)

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCA)

383
15
42
6
6
17
0
27
5
8
0
97
5
0
0
73
61
267
13
0
58
109
222
40
143
37
9
35
85
164
1
609
159
56
0
5
101
11
22
31
0

264
12
4
3
0
1
0
2
0
0
0
6
1
0
0
12
0
26
3
0
0
0
0
0
5
16
0
1
0
0
0
104
9
4
0
0
3
0
0
2
0

383
15
42
6
6
17
0
27
5
8
0
97
5
0
0
73
61
267
13
0
58
109
222
40
143
37
9
35
85
164
1
609
159
56
0
5
101
11
22
31
0

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
66
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

in € m

in € m

661

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2023

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

6
8
13
1
46
7
6
265
1
18
2
33
126
4
1
0
0
31
8
2
0
0
140
2
0
0
0
2
3
0
20
1
89
160
10
0
104
47
138
27
803
825
80
2
0
3
0
29
0
1,155

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
1
16
0
0
0
0
0
6
1
0
0
18
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
34
0
1
0
7
6
53
2
123
163
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
736

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50

A02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
C16.23 Manufacture of other builders' carpentry and joinery
C17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
C17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
C17.22 Manufacture of household and sanitary goods and of toilet requisites
C17.24 Manufacture of wallpaper
C17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and paperboard
C20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
C20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic chemicals
C20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
C20.15 Manufacture of fertilizers and nitrogen compounds
C20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
C22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes, retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
C22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
C22.21 Manufacture of plastic plates, sheets, tubes and profiles
C22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
C22.23 Manufacture of builders ware of plastic
C22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
C23.11 Manufacture of flat glass
C23.20 Manufacture of refractory products
C23.51 Manufacture of cement
C23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for construction purposes
C24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of ferro-alloys
C24.201 Manufacture of steel tubes, except precision steel tubes
C24.202 Manufacture of precision steel tubes
C24.31 Cold drawing of bars
C24.42 Aluminium production
C24.51 Casting of iron
C24.52 Casting of steel
C24.53 Casting of light metals
C25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of structures
C25.12 Manufacture of doors and windows of metal
C25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and springs
C27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric wires and cables
C27.401 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Lamps and lighting
C27.402 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment - Light bulbs and neon lamps
C27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
C28.1 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
C28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
C28.13 Manufacture of other pumps and compressors
C29.101 Manufacture of passenger cars and their engines
C29.102 Manufacture of commercial vehicles and their engines
C30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
C30.20.1 Manufacture of locomotives and other rail vehicles
C30.20.2 Manufacture of railway infrastructure
C30.91 Manufacture of motorcycles
C30.92 Manufacture of bicycles and invalid carriages
C30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment n.e.c.
C33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport equipment
D35.11 Production of electricity

in € m

662

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

y

z

aa

ab
Dec 31, 2023

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Non-Financial corporates
(Subject to NFRD)

SMEs and other NFC not subject to NFRD

[Gross] carrying amount

[Gross] carrying amount

in € m

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

Of which
environmentally
sustainable
(CCM + CCA +
WTR + CE +
PPC + BIO)

383
15
42
6
6
17
0
27
5
8
0
97
5
0
0
73
61
267
13
0
58
109
222
40
143
37
9
35
85
164
1
609
159
56
0
5
101
11
22
31
0

264
12
4
3
0
1
0
2
0
0
0
6
1
0
0
12
0
26
3
0
0
0
0
0
5
16
0
1
0
0
0
170
9
4
0
0
3
0
0
2
0

Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits
level (code and label)

51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91

D35.13 Distribution of electricity
D35.21 Manufacture of gas
D35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
D35.30 Steam and air conditioning supply
E36.001 Collection and purification of water incl. purchases from other suppliers for distribution
E38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous waste
E38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
F41.103 Development of building projects for residential buildings
F41.20.1 Construction of residential and non-residential buildings (except prefabricated constructions)
F42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
F42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
F42.91 Construction of water projects
F43.21 Electrical installation
F43.22 Plumbing, heat and air-conditioning installation
H49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
H50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
H52.21 Service activities incidental to land transportation
H53.10 Postal activities under universal service obligation
H53.20 Other postal and courier activities
J59.13 Motion picture, video and television programme distribution activities
J61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
J61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
J61.909 Other telecommunications activities n.e.c.
J62.019 Other software development
J62.02 Computer consultancy activities
J62.09 Other information technology and computer service activities
J63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
K65.12 Non-life insurance
K65.202 Reinsurance - Reinsurance for other insurance business
L68.102 Buying and selling of own non-residential real estate
L68.201 Renting and operating of own or leased residential real estate
L68.202 Renting and operating of own or leased non-residential real estate
L68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract basis
M71.12 Engineering activities and related technical consultancy
M71.20 Technical testing and analysis
M72.19 Other research and experimental development on natural sciences and engineering
N77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor vehicles
N77.12 Renting and leasing of trucks
N77.34 Renting and leasing of water transport equipment
N77.39 Renting and leasing of other machinery, equipment and tangible goods n.e.c.
P85.59 Other education n.e.c.

in € m

663

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 3.1: GAR KPI stock (Turnover)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

28.1

1.0

0.8

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.7
0.6
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.5
0.5
0.0
0.0
26.9
25.8
0.5
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.1

0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

664

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2024

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

28.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.7
0.6
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
0.5
0.0
0.0
26.9
25.8
0.5
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

1.0

0.8

0.0

0.1

16.9

0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.6
1.3
1.2
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.2
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.9
0.9
0.0
0.0
14.4
11.5
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

28.2

1.0

0.8

0.0

0.1

44.3

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

665

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

29.7

1.3

1.1

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.4
0.3
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
0.5
0.0
0.0
28.7
27.8
0.4
0.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
29.7

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.3

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

666

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2023

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

29.7

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.4
0.3
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
0.5
0.0
0.0
28.7
27.8
0.4
0.5
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

1.3

1.1

0.0

0.1

18.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2
0.0
0.0
1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.0
0.8
0.7
0.1
0.0
0.2
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.9
0.9
0.0
0.0
16.0
12.3
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

29.7

1.3

1.1

0.0

0.1

44.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

667

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 3.2: GAR KPI stock (CapEx)
a

b

d

e

f

g

h

i

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Dec 31, 2024
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

c

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

28.3

1.2

0.8

0.0

0.2

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.7
0.6
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.7
0.7
0.0
0.0
26.9
25.8
0.5
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.3

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

668

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2024

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

28.4

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.8
0.6
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
26.9
25.8
0.5
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

1.2

0.8

0.0

0.2

16.9

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.6
1.3
1.2
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.2
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.9
0.9
0.0
0.0
14.4
11.5
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

28.4

1.2

0.8

0.0

0.2

44.3

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

669

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

d

e

f

g

h

i

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Dec 31, 2023
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

c

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

30.0

1.5

1.1

0.0

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.4
0.3
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
28.7
27.8
0.4
0.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
30.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4
0.0
0.0
1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.5

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

670

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2023

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

30.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.4
0.3
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.9
0.9
0.0
0.0
28.7
27.8
0.4
0.5
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

1.5

1.1

0.0

0.2

18.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4
0.0
0.0
1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.1
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.0
0.8
0.7
0.1
0.0
0.2
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.9
0.9
0.0
0.0
16.0
12.3
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

30.0

1.5

1.1

0.0

0.2

44.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

671

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 4.1: GAR KPI flow (Turnover KPIs)
a

b

d

e

f

g

h

i

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Dec 31, 2024
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

c

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

4.7

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

2.4
2.3
2.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4
0.0
0.0
2.0
1.5
0.1
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.7

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

672

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2024

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.8

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

2.4
2.3
2.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4
0.0
0.0
2.0
1.5
0.1
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.8

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

673

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

d

e

f

g

h

i

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Dec 31, 2023
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

c

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

4.2

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

1.7
1.6
1.6
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.7
0.7
0.0
0.0
1.9
1.4
0.0
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

674

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2023

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.3

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.7
1.6
1.6
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.7
0.7
0.0
0.0
1.9
1.4
0.0
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.3

0.2

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

675

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 4.2: GAR KPI flow (CapEx KPIs)
a

b

d

e

f

g

h

i

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Dec 31, 2024
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

c

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

4.3

0.4

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

1.9
1.9
1.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.5
0.5
0.0
0.0
2.0
1.5
0.1
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.3

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

676

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2024

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.4

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.9
1.9
1.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.5
0.5
0.0
0.0
2.0
1.5
0.1
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

0.4

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.4

0.4

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

677

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

a

b

d

e

f

g

h

i

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Dec 31, 2023
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT eligible for GAR
1
calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
31 Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

c

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

4.5

0.4

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

1.6
1.5
1.5
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
1.9
1.4
0.0
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.5

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

678

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae

af
Dec 31, 2023

% (compared to total covered assets in the denominator)

GAR - Covered assets in numerator and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity instruments not HfT
1
eligible for GAR calculation
2 Financial undertakings
3
Credit institutions
4
Loans and advances
5
Debt securities, including UoP
6
Equity instruments
7
Other financial corporations
8
of which investment firms
9
Loans and advances
10
Debt securities, including UoP
11
Equity instruments
12 of which management companies
13
Loans and advances
14
Debt securities, including UoP
15
Equity instruments
16 of which insurance undertakings
17
Loans and advances
18
Debt securities, including UoP
19
Equity instruments
20 Non-financial undertakings
21
Loans and advances
22
Debt securities, including UoP
23
Equity instruments
24 Households
25
of which loans collateralized by residential immovable property
26
of which building renovation loans
27
of which motor vehicle loans
28 Local governments financing
29
Housing financing
30
Other local government financing
Collateral obtained by taking possession: residential and commercial
31
immovable properties
32 Total GAR assets

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.5

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.6
1.5
1.5
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
1.9
1.4
0.0
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Proportion of total assets
covered

0.4

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.5

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.5
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

0.0

4.5

0.4

0.0

0.0

0.1

0.5

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

679

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 5.1: KPI off-balance sheet exposures (Turnover KPIs stock)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

4.4
7.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

2.4
1.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

2.0
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31, 2024

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

4.9
7.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

a

b

c

d

e

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

2.4
1.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

2.0
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

f

g

h

i
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

3.3
8.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.5
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31, 2023

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

3.4
8.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.5
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

680

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 5.2: KPI off-balance sheet exposures (Turnover KPIs flow)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i
Dec 31. 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

7.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31. 2024

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

8.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

a

b

c

d

e

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

1.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

f

g

h

i
Dec 31. 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

7.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31. 2023

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

7.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

681

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 5.3: KPI off-balance sheet exposures (CapEx KPIs stock)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i
Dec 31, 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

5.5
8.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

3.2
2.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.9
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31. 2024

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

5.9
8.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

a

b

c

d

e

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

3.2
2.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.9
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

f

g

h

i
Dec 31, 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

4.8
4.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.2
1.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.6
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.1
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31, 2023

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
2 Assets under Management (AuM KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

4.9
4.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.3
1.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.6
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

682

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Table 5.4: KPI off-balance sheet exposures (CapEx KPIs flow)
a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i
Dec 31. 2024

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

7.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

1.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31. 2024

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

8.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

a

b

c

d

e

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

1.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

f

g

h

i
Dec 31. 2023

Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)

Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors
(Taxonomy-aligned)

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

13.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

j

n

r

v

aa

ab

ac

ad

ae
Dec 31. 2023

% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet assets)

1 Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
3
4
5
6
7
8

Water and marine
resources (WTR)

Circular Economy (CE)

Pollution (PPC)

Biodiversity and
Ecosystems (BIO)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

Proportion of total
covered assets funding
taxonomy relevant
sectors (Taxonomyeligible)

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)

13.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Of which Use of
Proceeds

Of which transitional

Of which enabling

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

683

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Nuclear energy and fossil gas related activities – Turnover KPIs
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

Dec 31, 2024

no
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2024

yes
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

no
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

yes
yes
yes

Nuclear energy and fossil gas related activities – Capex KPIs
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

Dec 31, 2024

no
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2024

yes
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

no
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

yes
yes
yes

Nuclear energy and fossil gas related activities – Financial guarantees Turnover KPIs
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

Dec 31, 2024

no
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2024

yes
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

no
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

yes
yes
yes

684

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Nuclear energy and fossil gas related activities – Financial guarantees CapEx KPIs
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Dec 31, 2024

no
yes
yes

Fossil gas related activities

Dec 31, 2024

4
5
6

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

yes
yes
yes
Dec 31, 2023

no
yes
yes

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

Dec 31, 2023

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

yes
yes
yes

Nuclear and fossil gas related activities - Assets under Management (AuM) Turnover KPIs
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Dec 31, 2024

no
yes
yes

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

Dec 31, 2024

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

yes
yes
yes

Nuclear and fossil gas related activities - Assets under Management (AuM) CapEx KPIs
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades

2
3

Dec 31, 2024

no
yes
yes

Fossil gas related activities

4
5
6

Dec 31, 2024

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

yes
yes
yes

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator) – Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
0
2
0
1
0
6,094
6,097

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
1.0

0
0
2
0
1
0
6,076
6,079

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
1.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
18
18

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

685

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
0
79
0
0
0
7,467
7,546

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.3
1.3

0
0
79
0
0
0
7,414
7,493

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.3
1.3

0
0
0
0
0
0
55
55

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator) – CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
2
1
1
0
1
7,302
7,308

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.2
1.2

0
2
1
1
0
1
7,152
7,158

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.2
1.2

0
0
0
0
0
0
150
150

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
0
15
121
1
1
8,791
8,928

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.5
1.5

0
0
15
121
1
1
8,608
8,745

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.5
1.5

0
0
0
0
0
0
183
183

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator) – Financial guarantees Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
9
1
0
0
772
783

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.4
2.4

0
0
9
1
0
0
770
781

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.3
2.4

0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
0
0
0
152
153

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
99.9
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
148
149

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
99.9
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
4
4

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

686

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator) – Financial guarantees CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

0
4
3
0
0
0
1,035
1,043

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.2
3.2

0
4
3
0
0
0
1,026
1,034

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.1
3.1

0
0
0
0
0
0
9
9

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
0
0
0
374
374

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
99.9
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
364
364

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
99.9
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
10
10

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator) - Assets under Management (AuM) Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy eligible but not taxonomy- aligned economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI

1
28
277
4
28
5
16,743
17,086

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.4
1.4

1
28
277
4
21
5
16,337
16,673

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.4
1.4

0
0
0
0
7
0
407
413

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator) Assets under Management (AuM) Capex KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy eligible but not taxonomy- aligned economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI

1
113
163
44
26
35
26,551
26,933

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.2
2.2

1
113
163
44
26
35
25,741
26,123

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.1
2.2

0
0
0
0
0
0
811
811

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1

687

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) – Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
0
2
0
1
0
6,094
6,097

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

0
0
2
0
1
0
6,077
6,079

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
18
18

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
0
197
0
0
0
7,348
7,546

0.0
0.0
2.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
97.4
100.0

0
0
197
0
0
0
7,296
7,493

0.0
0.0
2.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
97.4
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
53
53

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) – CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
2
1
1
0
1
7,303
7,308

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

0
2
1
1
0
1
7,153
7,158

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
150
150

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

0
26
183
1
1
14
8,717
8,928

0.0
0.3
2.1
0.0
0.0
0.2
97.6
100.0

0
26
183
1
1
14
8,534
8,745

0.0
0.3
2.1
0.0
0.0
0.2
97.6
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
183
183

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) – Financial guarantees Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
9
1
0
0
772
783

0.0
0.0
1.2
1.0
0.0
0.0
98.6
100.0

0
0
9
1
0
0
770
781

0.0
0.0
1.2
1.0
0.0
0.0
98.6
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

688

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
1
0
0
0
151
153

0.0
0.0
0.9
0.0
0.1
0.0
99.1
100.0

0
0
1
0
0
0
151
153

0.0
0.0
0.9
0.0
0.1
0.0
99.0
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
4
4

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) – Financial guarantees CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

0
4
3
0
0
0
1,035
1,043

0.0
0.4
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
98.3
100.0

0
4
3
0
0
0
1,026
1,034

0.0
0.4
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
98.3
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
9
9

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
1
0
0
0
374
374

0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
99.9
100.0

0
0
1
0
0
0
364
364

0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
99.9
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
10
10

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) Assets under Management (AuM) Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy eligible but not taxonomy- aligned economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI

1
28
277
4
28
5
16,743
17,086

0.0
0.2
1.6
0.0
0.2
0.0
98.0
100.0

1
28
277
4
21
5
16,337
16,673

0.0
0.2
1.7
0.0
0.1
0.0
98.0
100.0

0
0
0
0
7
0
407
413

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.6
0.0
98.4
100.0

689

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator) Assets under Management (AuM) CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy eligible but not taxonomy- aligned economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI

1
113
163
44
26
35
26,551
26,933

0.0
0.4
0.6
0.2
0.1
0.1
98.6
100.0

1
113
163
44
26
35
25,741
26,123

0.0
0.4
0.6
0.2
0.1
0.1
98.5
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
811
811

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities – Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
14
119
20
1
167,038
167,192

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
27.1
27.2

0
0
14
119
20
1
166,762
166,915

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
27.1
27.1

0
0
0
0
0
0
276
276

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Am

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
156
64
41
164,721
164,981

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.4
28.4

0
0
0
156
64
41
164,709
164,970

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.4
28.4

0
0
0
0
0
0
12
12

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities – CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
116
137
0
167,301
167,555

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
27.2
27.2

0
0
0
116
137
0
166,900
167,154

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
27.1
27.2

0
0
0
0
0
0
401
401

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
1
74
109
10
165,176
165,370

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.4
28.5

0
0
1
74
109
10
165,125
165,319

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
28.4
28.5

0
0
0
0
0
0
51
51

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0

690

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities – Financial guarantees Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
95
20
4
588
707

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.1
0.0
1.8
2.2

0
0
0
95
20
4
532
652

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.1
0.0
1.6
2.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
56
56

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
63
6
8
772
849

0.0
0.0
0.0
7.4
0.7
0.9
91.1
100.0

0
0
0
63
6
8
751
828

0.0
0.0
0.0
7.6
0.7
0.9
91.1
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
21
21

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities – Financial guarantees CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

0
0
0
53
65
7
700
825

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2
0.0
2.1
2.5

0
0
0
53
65
7
633
758

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2
0.0
1.9
2.3

0
0
0
0
0
0
67
67

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2

Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the numerator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI

0
0
14
50
9
0
991
1,064

0.0
0.0
1.3
4.7
0.8
0.0
93.2
100.0

0
0
14
50
9
0
979
1,052

0.0
0.0
1.3
4.7
0.8
0.0
93.1
100.0

0
0
0
0
0
0
12
12

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities - Assets under Management (AuM) Turnover KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy eligible but not taxonomy- aligned economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0
6
73
1,165
555
191
68,980
70,971

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
5.7
5.9

0
6
73
1,165
548
191
65,505
67,489

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
5.4
5.6

0
0
0
0
7
0
3,050
3,056

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.3
0.3

691

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities - Assets under Management (AuM) CapEx KPIs
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
CCM + CCA

Climate change mitigation (CCM)

Climate change adaptation (CCA)

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

Amount

%

Amount

%

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy eligible but not taxonomy- aligned economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI

0
1
20
758
959
351
73,121
75,209

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
6.1
6.2

0
1
20
757
959
351
71,159
73,246

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
5.9
6.1

0
0
0
11
0
0
1,952
1,963

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.2

Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities – Turnover KPIs
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Amount

%

0
0
3
0
0
0
442,080
442,083

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
71.8
71.8

Amount

%

0
0
0
0
0
0
408,428
408,428

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
70.3
70.3

Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities – CapEx KPIs
Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Amount

%

0
0
5
0
0
0
440,503
440,509

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
71.6
71.6

Amount

%

0
0
0
0
0
0
406,657
406,657

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
70.0
70.0

Amount
0
0
7
0
0
0
31,282
31,289

%
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
95.4
95.5

Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities – Financial guarantees Turnover KPIs
Rows
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

692

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Tabular disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Amount

%

0
0
0
0
0
0
54
54

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

%
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
94.3
94.3

Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities – Financial guarantees CapEx KPIs
Rows
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Amount
0
9
6
0
0
0
30,897
30,912

Rows

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2023

Amount

%

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

0
0
0
0
0
0
54
54

0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
100.0

Amount
13
151
117
10
118
18
429,347
429,774

.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
35.6
35.6

Amount
0
153
92
8
119
1
418,407
418,780

%
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
34.7
34.7

Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities - Assets under Management (AuM) Turnover KPIs
Rows
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities - Assets under Management (AuM) CapEx KPIs
Rows
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Economic activities as of Dec 31, 2024
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI’

693

6

Supplementary Information
(Unaudited)

695

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

702

Declaration of Backing

703

Group Five-Year Record

704

Imprint / Publications

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
Return on Equity Ratios

Non-GAAP financial measures
This document and other documents the Group has published or may publish contain Non-GAAP financial measures. NonGAAP financial measures are measures of the Group’s historical or future performance, financial position or cash flows that
contain adjustments that exclude or include amounts that are included or excluded, as the case may be, from the most
directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS in the Group’s financial statements.

Return on Equity Ratios
The Group reports a post-tax return on average shareholders’ equity and a post-tax return on average tangible
shareholders’ equity, each of which is a Non-GAAP financial measure.
The post-tax returns on average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders' equity are calculated as profit
(loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders after profit (loss) attributable to additional equity components (AT1
coupon) as a percentage of average shareholders’ equity and average tangible shareholders' equity, respectively.
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders after profit (loss) attributable to additional equity components
(AT1 coupon) for the segments is a Non-GAAP financial measure and is defined as profit (loss) excluding post-tax profit
(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and after profit (loss) attributable to additional equity components (AT1
coupon), which are allocated to segments based on their allocated average tangible shareholders’ equity. For the Group,
it reflects the reported effective tax rate, which was 34% for the full year 2024, 14% for 2023 and (1)% for 2022. For the
segments, the applied tax rate was 28% for all report periods in 2024, 2023 and 2022.
At the Group level, tangible shareholders' equity is shareholders’ equity as reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
excluding goodwill and other intangible assets. Tangible shareholders’ equity for the segments is calculated by deducting
goodwill and other intangible assets from shareholders’ equity as allocated to the segments. Shareholders’ equity and
tangible shareholders’ equity are presented on an average basis.
The Group believes that a presentation of average tangible shareholders’ equity makes comparisons to its competitors
easier and refers to this measure in the return on equity ratios presented by the Group. However, average tangible
shareholders’ equity is not a measure provided for in IFRS, and the Group’s ratios based on this measure should not be
compared to other companies’ ratios without considering differences in the calculations.
The reconciliation of the aforementioned ratios is set forth in the table below:
2024
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total

Profit (loss) before tax
Profit (loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to
noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) attributable to DB
shareholders and additional
equity components
Profit (loss) attributable to additional equity
components
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders

2,075
1,494

3,343
2,407

1,231
886

632
455

(1,989)
(1,737)

5,291
3,505

0

0

0

0

139

139

1,494

2,407

886

455

(1,876)

3,366

125

264

159

27

93

668

1,369

2,143

727

428

(1,969)

2,698

Average allocated shareholders' equity1
Deduct: Average allocated goodwill and other
intangible assets1,2
Average allocated tangible shareholders' equity1
Post-tax return on average
shareholders’ equity1
Post-tax return on average
tangible shareholders’ equity1

11,682

23,672

13,990

5,329

10,089

64,763

776
10,906

804
22,868

101
13,889

2,957
2,372

2,112
7,977

6,750
58,013

11.7%

9.1%

5.2%

8.0%

N/M

4.2%

12.6%

9.4%

5.2%

18.0%

N/M

4.7%

N/M – Not meaningful
1
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
2
Goodwill and other intangible assets related to the share of DWS that is not held by Deutsche Bank are excluded since the first quarter of 2018

695

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
Return on Equity Ratios

2023
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total

Profit (loss) before tax
Profit (loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to
noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) attributable to DB
shareholders and additional
equity components
Profit (loss) attributable to additional equity
components
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders

2,804
2,019

1,879
1,353

1,058
761

396
285

(459)
473

5,678
4,892

0

0

0

0

119

119

2,019

1,353

761

285

353

4,772

107

226

123

22

83

560

1,912

1,127

639

264

271

4,212

Average allocated shareholders' equity1
Deduct: Average allocated goodwill and other
intangible assets1,2
Average allocated tangible shareholders' equity1
Post-tax return on average
shareholders’ equity1
Post-tax return on average
tangible shareholders’ equity1

11,547

23,544

13,219

5,157

9,543

63,011

812
10,735

736
22,808

826
12,393

2,959
2,199

1,101
8,443

6,434
56,577

16.6%

4.8%

4.8%

5.1%

N/M

6.7%

17.8%

4.9%

5.2%

12.0%

N/M

7.4%

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
2
Goodwill and other intangible assets related to the share of DWS that is not held by Deutsche Bank are excluded since the first quarter of 2018
2022
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total

Profit (loss) before tax
Profit (loss)
Profit (loss) attributable to
noncontrolling interests
Profit (loss) attributable to DB
shareholders and additional
equity components
Profit (loss) attributable to additional equity
components
Profit (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders

1,816
1,307

3,228
2,324

1,705
1,228

585
421

(1,739)
379

5,594
5,659

0

0

0

0

134

134

1,307

2,324

1,228

421

245

5,525

104

234

115

22

26

500

1,203

2,090

1,112

399

219

5,025

Average allocated shareholders' equity1
Deduct: Average allocated goodwill and other
intangible assets1,2
Average allocated tangible shareholders' equity1
Post-tax return on average
shareholders’ equity1
Post-tax return on average
tangible shareholders’ equity1

11,668

22,478

12,945

5,437

7,465

59,994

779
10,889

681
21,797

850
12,095

3,093
2,344

925
6,540

6,328
53,666

10.3%

9.3%

8.6%

7.3%

N/M

8.4%

11.1%

9.6%

9.2%

17.0%

N/M

9.4%

N/M – Not meaningful
Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
Starting from the first quarter of 2024, the equity allocation framework has been updated. For more information please refer to section “Note 4 - Business segments and
related information” of this report
2
Goodwill and other intangible assets related to the share of DWS that is not held by Deutsche Bank are excluded since the first quarter of 2018

696

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
Revenues excluding specific items

Revenues excluding specific items
Revenues excluding specific items is a performance indicator that is a Non-GAAP financial measure most directly
comparable to the IFRS financial measure net revenues. Revenues excluding specific items is calculated by adjusting net
revenues under IFRS for specific revenue items which generally fall outside the usual nature or scope of the business and
are likely to distort an accurate assessment of the divisional operating performance. Excluded items are Debt Valuation
Adjustment (DVA) and material transactions or events that are either one-off in nature or belong to a portfolio of connected
transactions or events where the P&L impact is limited to a specific period of time. The Group believes that a presentation
of net revenues excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the revenues associated with
the business.
2024
in € m.

Revenues
DVA
Sal. Oppenheim workout
- International Private Bank
Gain on sale Financial Advisors business
Italy – International Private Bank
Total Specific revenue items
Revenues excluding specific items

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
consolidated

7,506
0

10,558
30

9,386
0

2,649
0

(6)
6

30,092
37

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
0
7,506

0
30
10,588

0
0
9,386

0
0
2,649

0
6
0

0
37
30,129

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
consolidated

7,718
0

9,160
47

9,571
0

2,383
0

47
(5)

28,879
42

0

0

0

0

0

0

0
0
7,718

0
47
9,207

0
0
9,571

0
0
2,383

0
(5)
43

0
42
28,921

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
consolidated

6,337
0

10,016
(49)

9,152
0

2,608
0

(902)
6

27,210
(43)

0

0

(125)

0

0

(125)

0
0
6,337

0
(49)
9,968

(305)
(430)
8,721

0
0
2,608

0
6
(897)

(305)
(473)
26,737

2023
in € m.

Revenues
DVA
Sal. Oppenheim workout
- International Private Bank
Gain on sale Financial Advisors business
Italy – International Private Bank
Total Specific revenue items
Revenues excluding specific items

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
2022
in € m.

Revenues
DVA
Sal. Oppenheim workout
- International Private Bank
Gain on sale Financial Advisors business
Italy – International Private Bank1
Total Specific revenue items
Revenues excluding specific items

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
1
Gain on sale of € 312 million, net of transaction-related fees of € 6 million

697

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
Net interest income in the key banking book segments

Net interest income in the key banking book segments
Net interest income in the key banking book segments is a Non-GAAP financial measure for which the most directly
comparable IFRS financial measure is net interest income. Key banking book segments are defined as the Group’s business
segments for which net interest income from banking book activities represent a material part of the overall revenue. Net
interest income in the key banking book segments is calculated as the Group’s total net interest income excluding other
funding effects (e.g., centrally held funding costs) and impacts driven by accounting asymmetry in the recognition of the
Group’s trading book and related hedging activities. The Group believes that a presentation of net interest income in the
key banking book segments provides a more meaningful depiction of the net interest income associated with the Group’s
operating businesses.
The following table provides a reconciliation of the Group’s net interest income to the net interest income in the key
banking book segments.
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

2024

2023

2022

Group
Net interest income
Key banking book segments and other funding effects1
Key banking book segments
Other funding effects1
Accounting asymmetry driven2
Average interest earning assets3 (in € bn)
Net interest margin4

13,065
13,255
13,471
(216)
(190)
996
1.3%

13,602
13,138
13,875
(737)
464
971
1.4%

13,650
10,962
11,455
(493)
2,688
983
1.4%

Key banking book segments
Corporate Bank
Net interest income
Average interest earning assets3 (in € bn)
Net interest margin4

4,960
126
3.9%

5,115
125
4.1%

3,628
133
2.7%

Investment Bank Fixed Income and Currencies: Financing
Net interest income
Average interest earning assets3 (in € bn)
Net interest margin4

2,724
96
2.8%

2,604
93
2.8%

2,606
94
2.8%

Private Bank
Net interest income
Average interest earning assets3 (in € bn)
Net interest margin4

5,786
262
2.2%

6,156
265
2.3%

5,222
266
2.0%

Total Key banking book segments
Net interest income
Average interest earning assets3 (in € bn)
Net interest margin4

13,471
484
2.8%

13,875
483
2.9%

11,455
492
2.3%

Other funding effects represents banking book net interest income arising primarily from Treasury funding activities that are not allocated to the key banking book
segments but are allocated to other segments or held centrally in Corporate & Other
Accounting asymmetry in the recognition of the Group’s trading book and related hedging activities primarily arises from funding costs associated with trading book
positions where the funding cost is reported in net interest income but is offset by revenues on the underlying positions recorded in noninterest income. Conversely, it
can also arise from the use of fair valued instruments to hedge key banking book segments positions where the cost or income of the underlying position is recorded as
interest income, but the hedge impact is recorded as a noninterest income. These effects from trading book and related hedge activities primarily occur in the Investment
Bank (ex FIC Financing), Asset Management and Corporate & Other including Treasury other than held in the key banking book segments
3
Interest earning assets are financial instruments or investments that generate interest income in the form of interest payments. Interest earnings assets are averaged on a
monthly basis and across quarters and for the full year
4
For the Group and the segments, net interest income (before provision for credit losses) as a percentage of average total interest earnings assets. Net interest margins per
segment are based on their contribution to the Group results
1

2

698

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
Adjusted costs/nonoperating costs

Adjusted costs/nonoperating costs
Adjusted costs is one of the Group’s key performance indicators and is a Non-GAAP financial measure for which the most
directly comparable IFRS financial measure is noninterest expenses. Adjusted costs is calculated by deducting (i)
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, (ii) net litigation charges and (iii) restructuring and severance (in total
referred to as nonoperating costs) from noninterest expenses under IFRS. The Group believes that a presentation of
noninterest expenses excluding the impact of these items provides a more meaningful depiction of the costs associated
with the operating businesses.
2024
in € m.

Noninterest expenses
Nonoperating costs:
Impairment of goodwill and other
intangible assets
Litigation charges, net
Restructuring and severance
Total nonoperating costs
Adjusted costs

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
consolidated

5,084

6,661

7,304

1,823

2,099

22,971

0
376
103
479
4,605

0
126
101
227
6,434

0
28
301
330
6,974

0
13
24
37
1,786

0
1,491
1
1,491
608

0
2,035
529
2,564
20,407

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
consolidated

4,648

6,847

7,730

1,825

646

21,695

0
53
76
129
4,519

233
147
87
468
6,379

0
123
346
468
7,261

0
26
34
59
1,765

0
(37)
23
(14)
661

233
311
566
1,110
20,585

Corporate
Bank

Investment
Bank

Private
Bank

Asset
Management

Corporate &
Other

Total
consolidated

4,187

6,455

6,863

1,850

1,035

20,390

0
23
(7)
16
4,170

0
166
43
209
6,246

0
(60)
(87)
(147)
7,011

68
24
37
129
1,722

0
261
6
267
767

68
413
(8)
474
19,916

2023
in € m.

Noninterest expenses
Nonoperating costs:
Impairment of goodwill and other
intangible assets
Litigation charges, net
Restructuring and severance
Total nonoperating costs
Adjusted costs

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year
2022
in € m.

Noninterest expenses
Nonoperating costs:
Impairment of goodwill and other
intangible assets
Litigation charges, net
Restructuring and severance
Total nonoperating costs
Adjusted costs

Prior year’s comparatives aligned to presentation in the current year

Revenues and costs on a currency adjusted basis
Revenues and costs on a currency-adjusted basis are calculated by translating prior-period revenues or costs that were
generated or incurred in non-euro currencies into euros at the foreign exchange rates that prevailed during the current
year period. These adjusted figures, and period-to-period percentage changes based thereon, are intended to provide
information on the development of underlying business volumes and costs.

699

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
Net assets (adjusted)

Net assets (adjusted)
Net assets (adjusted) are defined as IFRS Total assets adjusted to reflect the recognition of legal netting agreements,
offsetting of cash collateral received and paid and offsetting pending settlements balances. The Group believes that a
presentation of net assets (adjusted) makes comparisons to its competitors easier.
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

2024

2023

2022

Total assets
Deduct: Derivatives (incl. hedging derivatives) credit line netting
Deduct: Derivatives cash collateral received/paid
Deduct: Securities Financing Transactions credit line netting
Deduct: Pending settlements netting
Net assets (adjusted)

1,387
230
59
2
13
1,083

1,312
196
56
2
29
1,029

1,337
228
70
2
17
1,019

Book Value and Tangible Book Value per Basic Share
Outstanding
Book value per basic share outstanding and tangible book value per basic share outstanding are Non-GAAP financial
measures that are used and relied upon by investors and industry analysts as capital adequacy metrics. Book value per
basic share outstanding represents the Bank’s total shareholders’ equity divided by the number of basic shares outstanding
at period-end. Tangible book value represents the Bank’s total shareholders’ equity less goodwill and other intangible
assets. Tangible book value per basic share outstanding is computed by dividing tangible book value by period-end basic
shares outstanding.
Tangible Book Value
in € m.
(unless stated otherwise)

Total shareholders’ equity (Book
value)
Goodwill and other intangible assets1
Tangible shareholders’ equity
(Tangible
book value)
1

2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024

2023

2022

in € m.

in %

in € m.

in %

66,276
(6,962)

64,486
(6,573)

61,959
(6,327)

1,790
(389)

3
6

2,527
(246)

4
4

59,314

57,913

55,632

1,401

2

2,281

4

Excludes Goodwill and other intangible assets attributable to partial sale of DWS

Basic Shares Outstanding
in € m.

(unless stated otherwise)
Number of shares
Shares outstanding:
Treasury shares
Vested share awards
Basic shares outstanding
Book value per basic share
outstanding in €
Tangible book value per basic share
outstanding in €

2024 increase (decrease)
from 2023

2023 increase (decrease)
from 2022

2024
1,994.7

2023
2,040.2

2022
2,066.8

in € m.
(45.5)

in %
(2.2)

in € m.
(26.5)

in %
(1.3)

(49.6)
38.5
1,983.6

(48.2)
46.3
2,038.4

(28.9)
45.6
2,083.4

(1.4)
(7.8)
(54.8)

2.9
(16.9)
(2.7)

(19.3)
0.8
(45.0)

66.6
1.7
(2.2)

33.41

31.64

29.74

1.77

5.6

1.90

6.4

29.90

28.41

26.70

1.49

5.2

1.71

6.4

700

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Non-GAAP financial measures
CRR/CRD Regulatory measures

CRR/CRD Regulatory measures
The Group’s regulatory assets, exposures, risk-weighted assets, capital and ratios are calculated for regulatory purposes
and are set forth throughout this document under the CRR/CRD as currently applicable.
For the comparative periods until year end 2021 certain figures are based on the CRR definition of own fund instruments
(applicable for Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital and Tier 2 capital and figures based thereon, including Tier 1, Total Capital
and Leverage Ratio) are presented on a “fully loaded” basis. Such fully loaded figures are calculated excluding the
transitional arrangements for own fund instruments as provided in the currently applicable CRR/CRD. Deutsche Bank had
immaterial amounts of such instruments outstanding at year end 2022 and 2023. Measures calculated pursuant to the
Group’s fully loaded methodology are non-GAAP financial measures.
Starting with the third quarter 2024, Deutsche Bank adopted the transitional arrangements in relation to the temporary
treatment of unrealized gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance with Article 468 CRR. As per
CRR the transitional rule as per Article 468 CRR applies until year-end 2025. The impact of this implementation is
presented in section “Key risk metrics”.

701

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Declaration of Backing

Declaration of Backing
Deutsche Bank AG ensures, except in the case of political risk, that the following subsidiaries are able to meet their
contractual liabilities:

D B Investments (GB) Limited, London

Deutsche Holdings (Grand Duchy), Luxembourg

DB International (Asia) Limited, Singapore

Deutsche Immobilien Leasing GmbH, Düsseldorf

Deutsche Australia Limited, Sydney

Deutsche Morgan Grenfell Group Limited i. L.,
London

DEUTSCHE BANK A.Ş., Istanbul
Deutsche Bank Americas Holding Corp., Wilmington

Deutsche Securities, S.A. de C.V., Casa de Bolsa,
Mexico

Deutsche Bank (China) Co., Ltd., Beijing

Deutsche Securities Inc., Tokyo

Deutsche Bank Europe GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Hong Kong

Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (a closed joint
stock company), Riyadh

Deutsche Bank (Malaysia) Berhad, Kuala Lumpur
Deutsche Bank Polska Spółka Akcyjna, Warsaw

norisbank GmbH, Bonn
Joint Stock Company Deutsche Bank DBU, Kiev

Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alemão, São Paulo

OOO “Deutsche Bank”, Moscow

Deutsche Bank, Sociedad Anónima Española, Madrid

Deutsche Oppenheim Family Office AG, Cologne

Deutsche Bank Società per Azioni, Milan

BHW Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft, Hameln

Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA, Geneva

PB Factoring GmbH, Bonn

Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, New York

702

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Group Five-Year Record

Group Five-Year Record
in € m.

Net interest income
Provision for credit losses
Net interest income after provision for credit losses
Net commissions and fee income
Net gains (losses) on financial assets/liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss
Other noninterest income (loss)
Total net revenues
Compensation and benefits
General and administrative expenses
Policyholder benefits and claims
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Restructuring activities
Total noninterest expenses
Income (loss) before income taxes
Income tax expense
Net income (loss)
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
Net income (loss) attributable to Deutsche Bank
shareholders and additional equity components
in €
(unless stated otherwise)
Basic earnings per share1
Diluted earnings per share2
Dividends paid per share3
Dividends paid per share in U.S.$4

2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

13,065
1,830
11,235
10,372

13,602
1,505
12,097
9,206

13,650
1,226
12,425
9,838

11,155
515
10,640
10,934

11,526
1,792
9,734
9,424

5,987
668
30,092
11,731
11,243
0
0
(3)
22,971
5,291
1,786
3,505
139

4,947
1,125
28,879
11,131
10,112
0
233
220
21,695
5,678
787
4,892
119

2,999
723
27,210
10,712
9,728
0
68
(118)
20,390
5,594
(64)
5,659
134

3,045
277
25,410
10,418
10,821
0
5
261
21,505
3,390
880
2,510
144

2,465
614
24,028
10,471
10,259
0
0
485
21,216
1,021
397
624
129

3,366

4,772

5,525

2,365

495

1.40
1.37
0.45
0.49

2.07
2.03
0.30
0.32

2.42
2.37
0.20
0.21

0.96
0.93
0.00
0.00

0.07
0.07
0.00
0.00

Basic earnings per share for each period are calculated by dividing net income attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders by the average number of common shares
outstanding; earnings were adjusted by € 574 million, € 498 million, € 479 million, € 363 million and € 349 million before tax for the coupons paid on Additional Tier 1 Notes
in April 2024, May 2023, May 2022, April 2021 and April 2020 respectively
2
Diluted earnings per share for each period are calculated by dividing net income attributable to Deutsche Bank shareholders by the average number of common shares
outstanding, both after assumed conversions; earnings were adjusted by € 574 million, € 498 million, € 479 million, € 363 million and € 349 million before tax for the
coupons paid on Additional Tier 1 Notes in April 2024, May 2023, May 2022, April 2021 and April 2020 respectively
3
Dividends declared and paid in the year
4
Dividends declared and paid in U.S.$ were translated from € into U.S.$ based on the exchange rates as of the respective payment days
1

in € m.

Total assets
Loans at amortized cost
Deposits
Long-term debt
Common shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CRR/CRD 4 reported/
phase-in)1
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (CRR/CRD 4 fully loaded)1,2
Tier 1 capital (CRR/CRD 4 reported/phase-in)1
Tier 1 capital (CRR/CRD 4 fully loaded)1,2
Total regulatory capital (CRR/CRD 4 reported/phase-in)1
Total regulatory capital (CRR/CRD 4 fully loaded)1,2

2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

1,387,177
478,921
666,261
114,899
5,106
66,276

1,312,331
473,705
622,035
119,390
5,223
64,486

1,336,788
483,700
621,456
131,525
5,291
61,959

1,323,993
471,319
603,750
144,485
5,291
58,027

1,325,259
426,995
568,031
149,163
5,291
54,786

49,457
N/A
60,835
N/A
68,511
N/A

48,066
N/A
56,395
N/A
65,005
N/A

48,097
N/A
56,616
N/A
66,146
N/A

46,506
46,506
55,375
54,775
62,732
62,102

44,885
44,885
51,734
50,634
58,677
57,257

N/A – not applicable
1
Figures presented based on the transitional rules (“CRR/CRD 4”) and the full application (“CRR/CRD 4 fully loaded”) of the CRR/CRD 4 framework
2
Starting with the first quarter of 2022, information is presented as reported as the fully loaded definition has been eliminated as resulting only in an immaterial difference;
comparative information for earlier periods is unchanged and based on Deutsche Bank’s earlier fully loaded definition; starting with the third quarter 2024, Deutsche
Bank adopted the transitional arrangements in relation to the temporary treatment of unrealized gains and losses measured at fair value through OCI in accordance with
Article 468 CRR, as per CRR the transitional rule as per Article 468 CRR applies until year-end 2025
Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this document may not sum precisely to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute
figures

703

Deutsche Bank
Annual Report 2024

Imprint/Publications

Imprint/Publications

Deutsche Bank
Aktiengesellschaft
Taunusanlage 12
60325 Frankfurt am Main
(for letters and postcards: 60262)
Germany
Telephone: +49 69 910-00
deutsche.bank@db.com

Cautionary statement regarding
forward-looking statements
This report contains forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are statements that
are not historical facts; they include statements
about our beliefs and expectations and the
assumptions underlying them. These statements
are based on plans, estimates and projections as
they are currently available to the management of

Contact for shareholders
+49 800 910-8000
db.ir@db.com

Deutsche Bank. Forward-looking statements
therefore speak only as of the date they are
made, and we undertake no obligation to update
publicly any of them in light of new information or
future events.

AGM Hotline
+49 6196 8870704
By their very nature, forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties. A number of

Online
All publications relating to our
financial reporting are available at:
www.db.com/reports

important factors could therefore cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in
any forward-looking statement. Such factors
include the conditions in the financial markets in
Germany, in Europe, in the United States and
elsewhere from which the bank derives a substantial

Publication
Published on March 13, 2025

portion of its revenues and in which we hold a
substantial portion of its assets, the development
of asset prices and market volatility, potential
defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties,
the implementation of the Group’s strategic
initiatives,
the reliability of its risk management policies,
procedures and methods, and other risks
referenced in its filings with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Such factors are
described in detail in the bank’s SEC Form 20-F of
March 13, 2025, under the heading “Risk Factors.”
Copies of this document are readily available
upon request or can be downloaded from
www.db.com/ir.

704

2025

2026

Financial Calendar

Financial Calendar

January 30, 2025
Preliminary results for the 2024 financial year

January 29, 2026
Preliminary results for the 2025 financial year

March 13, 2025
Annual Report 2024 and Form 20-F

March 12, 2026
Annual Report 2025 and Form 20-F

April 29, 2025
Earnings Report as of March 31, 2025

April 29, 2026
Earnings Report as of March 31, 2026

May 22, 2025
Annual General Meeting

May 28, 2026
Annual General Meeting

July 24, 2025
Interim Report as of June 30, 2025

July 29, 2026
Interim Report as of June 30, 2026

October 29, 2025
Earnings Report as of September 30, 2025

October 28, 2026
Earnings Report as of September 30, 2026

Contact for inquiries
Deutsche Bank AG
Frankfurt, Germany
Phone: +49 69 910-00
deutsche.bank@db.com

