Table of contents

Integrated Annual Report 2025
1

>

Navigation

>

Table of contents

INTRODUCTION > CONTENTS

>

Navigation

Note: This report is structured in two sections: the ‘Management Report’ (chapters 1-4), which
outlines our business and sustainability reporting, and ‘Financial Statements’ (chapter 5),
which covers both our consolidated and parent company financial statements.

Table of contents

1. Overview

2. Our Performance

3. Corporate Governance

4. Sustainability Statements

5. Financial Statements

04

Our Company

47

Financial Performance

72

Governance, Risk Management,
and Business Ethics

127

Sustainability Statements

227

Consolidated Financial
Statements

05
08
09
12
20

About dsm-firmenich
Key data
Letter to stakeholders
Our strategy
Science & Research

48
49
50
51

Financial results
Net profit
Cash flow statement
Balance sheet

73
74

128
153
178
197
199

233

Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
Statutory Auditor’s Report

23

Our Businesses

General information
Environmental information
Social information
Governance information
Appendix to the Sustainability
Statements
Assurance report of the
independent auditor

24
31
37
44
45

2

Perfumery & Beauty
Taste, Texture & Health
Health, Nutrition & Care
Animal Nutrition & Health
Corporate activities

>

52

Sustainability Performance

52
54
57

Letter from the CSO
Our Sustainability program
Our program activities

97
98

68

Quality

99

70

Data governance and AI

101
103

Governance framework
Group structure, capital
structure, and shares
Board of Directors
Executive Committee
Shareholder participation,
change of control, and defense
measures
Auditors
Board statement and Closed
Periods
Our approach to risk
management
Material risks and uncertainties
Business ethics

105

Compensation

106
125

Compensation Report
Report of the Statutory Auditor

76
89
96

223

296
300

Parent Company Financial
Statements

303
314

Notes to the Parent Company
Financial Statements
Statutory Auditor’s Report

317

Other Information

318

dsm-firmenich figures: five-year
summary
Concepts and ratios
Abbreviations

322
325

Table of contents <
Navigation
>
Table of
contents

INTRODUCTION > NAVIGATING THIS REPORT

Navigating our Integrated Annual Report
PDF or printed version

Forward-looking statements

This is the PDF or printed version of dsmfirmenich’s 2025 Integrated Annual Report and
has been prepared with ease of use in mind.

This Report may contain forward-looking
statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s
future (financial) performance and position.
Such statements are based on current
expectations, estimates, and projections of
dsm-firmenich and on information currently
available to the company.

This Report was made publicly available
pursuant to section 5:25c of the Dutch
Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel
toezicht). It was filed with the Netherlands
Authority for the Financial Markets in European
single electronic reporting format (the ESEF
package) on February 20, 2026. The ESEF
package is available on our website and
includes a human-readable XHTML version of
the Report. In any case of discrepancies
between this PDF version and the ESEF
package, the latter prevails.
Reporting continuing operations
The figures in this Report comprise continuing
operations, unless otherwise specified.
Navigation, links, URLs, and references
This PDF contains internal links to sections
within the Report, as well as URL links to
external sites. Both are indicated by underlined
text in the color of the relevant chapter. The
navigation in the top right corner includes:
•
•
•

3

In bold: the current chapter of the Report
In grey: the previous or next chapter
The stack icon: to return to contents page

We caution readers that such statements
involve certain risks and uncertainties that are
difficult to predict. It should therefore be
understood that many factors can cause actual
performance, transaction progress, and
positions to differ materially from these
statements. The information provided in this
Report is provided as at the date of its issue.
dsm-firmenich does not assume any obligation
to update any information or forward-looking
statement provided in this Report unless
required to do so by law.
This Report contains information that qualifies
as inside information within the meaning of
Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.
The English language version of this Report
prevails over other language versions.

Company
>OurNavigation

>

Table of contents

Our Company

4

>

Navigation

>

Table of contents

OUR COMPANY > ABOUT US

Innovators in nutrition, health, and beauty
We are dsm-firmenich, a leading co-creation
and innovation partner to some of the world’s
most iconic companies in the nutrition,
health, and beauty space.
We are a Swiss company listed on Euronext
Amsterdam. With dual headquarters in
Kaiseraugst (Switzerland) and Maastricht (the
Netherlands), we operate in almost 60
countries, field a global team of nearly 30,000
employees, and generate annual revenues of
over €12 billion (total Group, including
discontinued operations).
Where science thrives
dsm-firmenich is a nutrition, health, and beauty
powerhouse. Formed in 2023 through the union
of the global leader in health, nutrition, and
bioscience and the world's largest privately
owned fragrance and taste company, we draw
on a long and influential tradition of sciencedriven innovation.
Today, we serve renowned business-tobusiness brands all around the world, always
keeping the end-consumer’s expectations at
the forefront of our minds. Seeking to deliver
solutions that combine the essential, the
desirable, and the sustainable, we enable our
customers to create products that shift the dial
on consumer appeal, functionality, and
environmental and social footprint.

5

Bringing progress to life
For us, progress is about helping our customers
deliver this ‘triple win’ within their own
operations and across the world. We renew that
vision every day, using cutting-edge science to
generate transformational approaches that
combine what is essential for life, desirable for
society, and sustainable for our planet.
From algae-based omega-3 oil to upcycled
cardamom, from human milk oligosaccharides
to menopause-related skin and health care,
from fragrances made with 100%
biodegradable ingredients to advanced
bioceramics for orthopedic applications, our
products bring progress to life and positive
change to the world.
Our values
Our three core values are the bedrock upon
which we work and operate:
•
•
•

Shape the future
Own the outcome
Be a force for good

Together with our customers, we work to create
a more sustainable business, not only for the
businesses we serve but also for society and
the planet.

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

OUR COMPANY > ABOUT US > OUR HISTORY

A rich history of scientific progress
A merger of equals

From start-up to global house of creators

dsm-firmenich came into being in May 2023
through the merger of Netherlands-based
DSM N.V. and Swiss-based Firmenich
International SA. With a strong focus on
nutrition, health, and beauty, we take inspiration
from a rich history of scientific creativity
spanning many fields and applications.

Firmenich began in 1895 when scientist Philippe
Chuit and businessman Martin Naef established
a perfumery business in the garage of Charles
Firmenich in Geneva, Switzerland. Trading as
Firmenich & Cie, the firm expanded rapidly, with
activities in Paris and the US. In 1939, its first
head of research, Leopold Ružička, was a joint
winner of the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.

From state mining to sustainable living
DSM had a long-standing tradition of radical
transformation. Established in 1902 as the
Dutch State Mines (Nederlandse Staatsmijnen),
the company originally mined coal in Limburg,
in the south of the Netherlands. During the
course of the 20th century, DSM reinvented
itself several times, initially diversifying into
commodities and petrochemicals before finally
exiting the mining business in 1973.
Reestablished as a private company, the
organization changed its name to the acronym
DSM in acknowledgment of its origins. From the
1990s onwards, the organization underwent
further transformations, exiting commodity
chemicals and petrochemicals and focusing
increasingly on science-based health, nutrition,
and sustainable living. Concentrating on
delivering innovative solutions that nourish,
protect, and improve performance, DSM also
pioneered a range of influential sustainability
efforts, publishing its first Triple P (People,
Planet, Profit) Report in 2008.

6

Over the years, Firmenich continued to evolve,
creating groundbreaking molecules, developing
new flavors and fragrances, and driving
sustainability across its operations. The
company opened a new headquarters in
Geneva in the 1980s and established its
Naturals Center of Excellence in Grasse (AlpesMaritimes, France) between 2005 and 2007. It
also published its first sustainability report in
2007 and in 2022, inaugurated a new campus
in Geneva.

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

<

Our Company

OUR COMPANY > ABOUT US > OUR BUSINESS UNITS

Distinct, focused,
and complementary
From biodegradable fragrances to
biomedical materials, our Business Units are
set up to deliver transformational products
and services.
Each of our Business Units has a reputation for
market-shaping innovation. Leaders in their
respective industries, they all benefit from a
common foundation of scientific creativity and
technological prowess, a comprehensive
portfolio of best-in-class ingredients, and a
global operating footprint.
Each Business Unit is uniquely positioned to
help its customers achieve their objectives by
understanding and anticipating significant
consumer trends. This involves making full use
of our expertise in Science & Research,
leveraging our advanced, data-driven
innovation capabilities, and adhering to the
highest standards of operational excellence.

7

Perfumery & Beauty
Creating signature scents from a comprehensive portfolio of ingredients

.
.

Taste, Texture & Health
Partnering with the food and beverage industry to balance the trade-off between palate and planet

Health, Nutrition & Care
Delivering critical nutrients to support health in every stage of life and for every sort of lifestyle

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

OUR COMPANY > KEY DATA

Our financial and sustainability performance at a glance
Total Group performance (in € million)

2025

2024

Sales from continuing operations
Sales from discontinued operations
Sales total Group
.
EBITDA from continuing operations
EBITDA from discontinued operations
EBITDA total Group
.
Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations
Adjusted EBITDA from discontinued operations
Adjusted EBITDA total Group

9,034
3,487
12,521

9,054
3,745
12,799

1,657
588
2,245

1,572
419
1,991

1,772
507
2,279

1,751
367
2,118

Sustainability performance (total dsm-firmenich)

2025

2024

28,550
36:64
32:68
3,009
0.26
80

28,214
36:64
31:69
3,021
0.24
79

4,698,200
721.7
31%
10,280.1
23%

4,753,800
775.4
27%
10,649.5
20%

Workforce at December 31 (headcount)
Female:male ratio
Female:male ratio (Global Management Team)
Total employee benefit costs (in € million)
Frequency Index Total Recordable Incident Rate
Employee Engagement Index (in %)
Primary energy use (in MWh)
Greenhouse gas emissions, Scope 1 & 2 (in kt CO₂e)
Scope 1 & 2 reduction versus 2021
Greenhouse gas emissions, Scope 3 (in kt CO₂e)
Scope 3 reduction versus 2021

Financial performance (in € million)
Sales from continuing operations
Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations¹
Adjusted operating profit from continuing operations (EBIT)¹
Operating profit (loss) from continuing operations (EBIT)
Net profit (loss) for the year from continuing operations

2025
9,034
1,772
861
711
342

2024
9,054
1,751
816
547
359

Core adjusted net profit for the year from continuing operations1,4
Adjusted gross operating free cash flow from continuing operations¹
Capital expenditure, cash based
Dividend for dsm-firmenich shareholders (based on profit appropriation)²
Net debt
Shareholders' equity
Total assets
Capital employed
Market capitalization at December 31³
.

887
950
764
629
3,301
18,244
29,345
21,307
18,171

976
1,217
764
661
2,556
22,511
33,747
21,737
25,825

1.21

1.21

3.31

3.54

Adjusted EBITDA margin (continuing operations)¹
Working capital / annualized net sales (continuing operations)

19.6
20.6

19.3
19.6

Core adjusted ROCE (continuing operations)1,4
Equity / total assets

11.1
62.8

10.9
67.3

Other financial indicators
Per ordinary share in €
Basic earnings per share (continuing operations)4
Core adjusted earnings per share (continuing operations)

1,4

Financial ratios (%)

1

In presenting and discussing dsm-firmenich’s financial position, operating results and cash flows, dsm-firmenich (like many other publicly listed companies)
uses certain Alternative performance measures (APMs) not defined by IFRS and referred to as ‘Core’, ‘Adjusted’ or ‘Core adjusted’. These APMs are used because
they are an important measure of dsm-firmenich’s business development and management performance. A reconciliation of IFRS performance measures to the
APMs is given in Note 2 Alternative performance measures to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
2
Subject to adoption of the resolution by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 7, 2026.
3
Source: Bloomberg
4
Restated for comparison purposes

8

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

OUR COMPANY > LETTER TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS

Welcome to our 2025 Integrated Annual Report
In a year that presented global companies
with many challenging new uncertainties, we
stayed focused on innovation-led growth,
sharpened our profile, and delivered good
performance – underpinned by disciplined
execution and your continued trust.
In this Integrated Annual Report 2025, we share
how we advanced our strategy despite global
volatility and macroeconomic headwinds,
taking bold steps toward becoming a true
Category of One company serving the nutrition,
health, and beauty markets.
2025 was a year that tested our grit and agility.
Global markets shifted rapidly and
macroeconomic pressures intensified, requiring
quick responses. Through it all, thanks to the
support of our shareholders, employees,
customers, and partners, we stayed true to our
long-term strategy and continued to
strengthen the foundations of dsm-firmenich.
Our purpose served as the rudder that kept us
firmly on course: bringing progress to life
through sustainable, innovation-driven growth.
It guided every decision as we built a market
leader capable of delivering solutions that unite
the essential, the desirable, and the sustainable.
This progress was only possible because of the
mindset we share across dsm-firmenich:
curious about the future, committed to doing
what’s right, accountable for outcomes, and
united with our customers.

9

We are especially grateful to our shareholders
for the confidence you continued to show as
we guided the company through a year of
significant change and market turbulence.
Stock valuations across our sector suffered,
and this also affected dsm-firmenich. However,
we stayed the course, transforming our
portfolio and undertaking decisive actions to
reinforce our core and keep us laser-focused
on innovation-led growth.

constructive exchanges, we believe they are the
right partner for the ANH business.

realization, have further strengthened our
competitive position.

Off the back of the divestment announcement,
we intend to launch a new share repurchase
program to buy back ordinary shares with an
aggregate market value of €500 million and
reduce the company’s issued capital. The
program is planned to commence in the first
quarter of 2026.

To strengthen shareholder value, dsm-firmenich
completed a €1 billion stock repurchase during
the year.

Our strategy is to reposition ourselves as a
company serving the nutrition, health, and
beauty needs of the consumer. With three
distinct but highly complementary Business
Units, a Science & Research organization that is
a byword for innovation and sustainability, and
an unmatched ingredients portfolio, we are
moving at full speed to bring progress to life –
for our customers, the consumers they serve,
and the world.

We are on track to achieve our target merger
synergies, contributing approximately €350
million to Adjusted EBITDA. In 2025, the
company delivered around €65 million in cost
synergies, which brings the total to €175 million.
This part of the program was completed by the
end of 2025 and is now fully delivered. In
addition, we realized around €100 million in
revenue synergies during 2025, bringing the
total to around €175 million. This contributed
around €60 million to EBITDA cumulatively
since the merger, of which around €35 million
was realized in 2025. The remaining €115 million
contribution from revenue synergies will be
realized through 2027.

Divestment of Animal Nutrition & Health
We are pleased to have announced an
agreement to divest our Animal Nutrition &
Health (ANH) business to CVC Capital Partners
on February 9, 2026. This transaction
represents a unique opportunity to create two
new leading companies in the animal nutrition
& health space, while it gives dsm-firmenich
the opportunity to pursue its ambitious vision
as a consumer-focused company. ANH will be
split into two standalone companies: the
“Solutions Company,” including Performance
Solutions, Premix, and Precision Services, and
the “Essential Products Company,” including
Vitamins, Carotenoids and Aroma Ingredients.
CVC is a trusted leading global private markets
manager with a proven track record in business
transformation. We have worked with them
before on deals and partnerships to
successfully create value and, based on our

Executing our strategy
Persistent external pressures and market
uncertainty demanded rapid adaptation in
2025. We translated our innovation pipeline
into tangible results, launching many new
products – such as the expansion of our human
milk oligosaccharides (HMO) portfolio for infant
formula; Amberever®, a new captive ingredient
for exclusive use by our perfumers; and
Maxiren®EVO, a unique award-winning
coagulant that enhances cheese texture and
yield. These achievements, alongside our
progress in operational efficiency and synergy

Financial performance
In 2025, we delivered solid financial results in a
macro environment that became increasingly
challenging over the course of the year.
Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations
reached €1.772 billion. Organic sales grew 3%,
reflecting continued demand for our sciencedriven solutions across our Business Units. Our
cash-to-sales conversion rate was 10.5%,
underscoring our disciplined approach to
working capital and operational efficiency.
In view of these results, the Board will propose
an unchanged dividend of €2.50 per share for
the 2025 financial year at the Annual General
Meeting on May 7, 2026, with a stable to
preferably rising dividend policy going forward.

Table of contents

10
Thomas Leysen, Chairman of the Board of Directors

Dimitri de Vreeze, Chief Executive Officer

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

Innovation and sustainability
Innovation and sustainability are the foundation
of our long-term vision. Our continuing
investments in cutting-edge science
capabilities, research centers, and sustainable
innovation ensure we remain at the forefront of
science-backed solutions for nutrition, health,
and beauty.
In 2025, we spent over €600 million on R&D, of
which €28 million in CapEx, and produced 109
new first-patent publications. In this Report,
you can read more about groundbreaking
innovations we launched during the year here.

•

•

•

•

•

Sustainability is fully embedded in our business
model – not only in how we operate, but also in
how we design and deliver products and
services. By actively addressing key consumer
demands in areas such as preventative health,
healthier diets, and wellbeing, we are creating
long-term value for our stakeholders while
contributing to a healthier planet.
In 2025, we reached a major milestone by
sourcing all purchased electricity from
renewable sources, advancing our goal of netzero emissions by 2045. Our CDP Climate A
and Water A leadership scores and EcoVadis
Platinum score (in early 2026) are testimony to
the progress and improvement we have made
as part of our continued commitment to
sustainability.

Opening our Innovation Center in Princeton,
New Jersey (USA), to co-create new
products with our customers
Starting construction of a production
facility in Parma (Italy) for the development
of flavors and functional blends
Launching an immersive experience called
Connect: Future You in Jakarta (Indonesia)
that showcases our fragrance capabilities
for Southeast Asia
The inauguration of the Van Marken Food
Innovation Center in Delft (Netherlands),
designed to accelerate development of
more delicious, nutritious, and sustainable
food and beverage solutions
The opening of a pet-food-only premix
facility in Tonganoxie, Kansas (USA)

Our governance approach
The Board of Directors held 10 meetings in
2025, while the Board Committees each met at
least four times. Full details can be found in the
Governance, Risk Management, and Business
Ethics chapter of this Report. The Board of
Directors also provided oversight of all major
strategic decisions and maintained close
monitoring of the company’s financial
performance throughout the year.
We continue to collaborate with the
competition authorities following the launch of
their investigation into the fragrance industry in
2023.

Fostering growth

Changes to our Executive Committee

We continued to make investments in our core
businesses throughout 2025, reflecting our
commitment to innovation, customer
partnerships, and global leadership. These
included:

In 2025, we appointed several new strong
leaders to our Executive Committee to
strengthen our three core Business Units.

11

•

•

•

•

Laetitia Pictet was appointed Chief Legal,
Risk and Compliance Officer on May 1, 2025.
She succeeded Jane Sinclair, who retired on
the same date following a distinguished
career of nearly a decade with the company
Alessandre Keller joined on September 22,
2025, and succeeded Philip Eykerman as
President of Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC)
on January 1, 2026
Philip Eykerman continues in his role as
Chief Strategy, M&A, and Transformation
Officer, remaining a member of the
Executive Committee
Maurizio Clementi stepped up as President
of Taste, Texture & Health (TTH) on January
1, 2026, following the retirement of Patrick
Niels, who retired after a distinguished 34year career with the company

Ivo Lansbergen, President of ANH, left the
Executive Committee on October 1, 2025, to
fully focus on leading the ANH business during
the final stage of the carve-out.
We thank Patrick and Ivo for their distinguished
service and highly valued contributions.
Alessandre and Maurizio each bring a powerful
blend of expertise, ambition, and purpose-led
business leadership that will help us continue
to deliver exceptional value to our stakeholders.
In addition to these changes, in early 2026, we
announced that Nikeisha van Sleeuwen will
become Chief Human Resources Officer
effective April 1, 2026, succeeding Mieke Van de
Capelle, who will retire after 10 years of
distinguished service.

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

Looking ahead
With the tuning of our portfolio and the
divestment of ANH now decided, dsmfirmenich is well positioned to accelerate the
execution of its strategy and grow its core
activities.
Today, dsm-firmenich is focused on highmargin, high-growth businesses and on
embedding best practices across its
commercial and financial operations. By
strengthening operational consistency, the
company reinforces its solid foundations and
drives continuous improvement, elevating
operational excellence and customer intimacy.
We remain committed to achieving our midterm ambitions, including synergy delivery,
disciplined capital allocation, and strong cash
and operating working capital efficiency. By
maintaining a robust balance sheet, we intend
to generate sustainable value for all
stakeholders.
In conclusion and above all, we extend our
gratitude to our shareholders for your support
and belief in our long-term vision. Your trust
inspires us to pursue excellence and innovation,
even in times of uncertainty. We also thank our
employees, customers, suppliers, and partners:
your dedication and collaboration are vital to
our progress.

Thomas Leysen
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Dimitri de Vreeze
Chief Executive Officer

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY

Our strategy
Our strategy was first outlined by our CEO,
Dimitri de Vreeze at our Capital Markets Day
presentation in 2024. The dream was to build
a new and unique company that would not
just compete in the market but redefine it.
In 2025, we continued to execute that fivephase strategy, making progress in innovation,
in how we serve our customers, in unlocking
synergies, and in building a stronger and more
connected company.

Accelerate
1. Grow what we have
2. Anchor what we do
3. Deliver on our promises

A Category of One

Tune
Focus
Merge
Dream
To bring progress to life
by combining the
essential, the desirable,
12and the sustainable

Bringing together two
iconic companies

Focusing on creating a
leading consumer
company in nutrition,
health, and beauty

Separating Animal
Nutrition & Health

Prioritizing high-growth,
high-margin segments
through a calibrated
steering approach

Innovation and creationled growth, backed by
science and sustainability

>

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR APPROACH TO BUSINESS

Setting us up for innovation-led growth in high-margin segments
2025 was a year of rapid shifts, geopolitical
challenges and macroeconomic pressures.
Our approach was to maintain our strategic
focus and staying the course.
After the divestment of deprioritized activities
and the tuning of our portfolio, we are now well
set up to accelerate organic growth. Harnessing
everything from our innovation and science
capabilities to our broad portfolio, world-class
talent, and our sustainability leadership, we will
focus on opportunities for above-average
organic growth in high-growth, high-margin
segments to deliver on our mid-term financial
targets.

“

Focusing on macro trends

Our Business Units

Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC)

We will achieve our objectives by concentrating
on three macro-trends that speak to a growing
demand for a holistic approach to well-being:

Each of our Business Units has a clear valuecreation strategy to bring a highly targeted
focus to every market it serves.

HNC supports the health of the world’s growing
population by delivering a range of innovative
nutrition and care solutions. It serves the early
life nutrition, dietary supplements,
pharmaceutical, medical nutrition, and
biomedical materials markets, as well as the
nutrition improvement sector. HNC also
provides a suite of customized solutions
(premix, market-ready solutions, and
personalized nutrition) as well as a range of
services in regulatory affairs and nutrition.

•
•
•

An increasing focus on lifespan vitality
A growing awareness of the potential of
preventative healthcare
Rising expectations concerning well-being

Each of these presents attractive opportunities
for value creation, and our investment policy
targets these opportunities. Aligning our
approach with selected global macro trends in
consumer needs and expectations is designed
to ensure we achieve our mid-term targets. Our
unique business model positions us ideally to
capture these market opportunities effectively.

P&B is a leading creation and innovation partner
for the most iconic global and local brands in
consumer goods, lifestyle, and luxury beauty.
The business unit is home to some of the best
talent in the industry, boasts an unmatched
palette of captive ingredients, and is supported
by a vertically integrated supply chain. Powered
by our science-based innovations in Fragrance
and Beauty & Care, we make our customers’
products more desirable, essential, and
sustainable, driving consumers’ preference.
Taste, Texture & Health (TTH)

In 2025, we completed the tuning of our portfolio as per plan. We
continued our focused divestment strategy and carved out our ANH
business for sale in a two-step process that was signed in recent weeks.
At the same time, we took careful measures to eliminate any potential
stranded costs associated with exiting this business. Throughout the
year, we drove functional excellence across all our operations,
positioning ourselves for sustainable growth.”

Philip Eykerman

Chief Strategy, M&A, and Transformation Officer

13

Perfumery & Beauty (P&B)

TTH tackles some of society’s biggest
challenges: providing nutritious, healthy and
sustainable food and beverages, and
accelerating the diet transformation with
appealing taste and texture, and nourishing a
growing global population while minimizing food
loss and waste. TTH consists of Taste, which
includes flavors, natural extracts, sugar
reduction solutions, and Ingredients Solutions,
which includes food enzymes, hydrocolloids,
cultures, natural colorants, nutritional
ingredients, and plant-based proteins.

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR BUSINESS MODEL

A comprehensive toolbox of synthetic, biotech, and natural ingredients
Our agile and customer-centric approach to
business is informed by extensive consumer
insights and characterized by cutting-edge
application expertise.
Science & Research
With a global network of R&D, creation, and
application facilities, and around 1,600 staff
employed in R&D activities, we are working to
confront some of the world’s biggest
challenges. We invest more than €600 million
annually in this area and are regularly
recognized by LexisNexis as one of the world’s
top 100 most dynamic innovators. To achieve
this, each of our Business Units draws on the
cutting-edge capabilities of our eight research
platforms:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Biotechnology
Microbiome research
Receptor biology and sensory sciences
AI and data science
Chemical and process sciences
Formulation and material sciences
Analytical sciences
Nutritional and food sciences

These platforms fuel our innovation pipeline
across nutrition, health, and beauty, and guide
new directions in innovation-driven growth.

14

Innovation capabilities

Sustainability

Governing principles

Our expanding portfolio of more than 11,000
patents, together with substantial and ongoing
investments in R&D and innovation, empowers
our Science & Research team to deliver
transformational solutions that the world needs.
These colleagues work closely with our
Business Unit innovation teams, 36 creation
centers, and 50 application laboratories to
develop distinctive innovations that create real
value for our customers. Collaboration is at the
heart of our approach, strengthened by around
100 active and productive partnerships with
academic institutions, startups, and established
companies. This network allows us to
accelerate discovery, share expertise, and bring
breakthrough ideas to life. For more information,
please refer to the Science & Research section.

Our innovations make a difference. They deliver
value to customers; the right outcomes for
consumers; sustainable returns for investors;
and a positive impact for People and Planet. A
growing market, our ability to meet new
demands, and our responsible production
methods differentiate us, drive innovation, and
ensure a secure and resilient supply chain. This
will help us cement our leadership position for
the long term and enables us to shape and
drive these trends in the future, delivering
returns to our shareholders.

The following principles govern our approach:

Market proximity
We combine a strong global philosophy with
deep local understanding and close market
engagement. With a network of 234 offices,
laboratories, and global manufacturing sites, we
provide customers with a broad range of valueadding solutions tailored to their needs. By cocreating with our partners and drawing on our
scientific, technical, and operational expertise,
we uphold the highest global standards of
safety, quality, and reliability — ensuring
consistent performance and continuous supply
wherever our customers operate.

Sustainability and Science & Research are the
foundation of our business model. Our
customers and consumers demand it, and we
embrace it as a responsibility, because it’s
good for business and it’s the right thing to do.
That’s why sustainability is embedded in all
aspects of our operations and across our entire
value chain: to stay relevant in the future, and to
keep delivering value to customers and
sustainable returns for investors, for the long
term. It’s deeply engrained in everything we do.
We aim to enable best-in-class sustainability
performance that will deliver positive impact
for People and Planet. That progress must also
be concrete and measurable: a significant
milestone in 2025 was the achievement of
100% of our purchased electricity coming from
renewable sources.
For more details, please refer to Sustainability
performance and Sustainability Statements.

•
•
•

•

We are united by a common purpose and
set of values
Our priorities, strategy, and policies are set
at Group level
We differentiate ourselves through our
credentials and capabilities in Science &
Research, as well as sustainability
Sustainability is embedded into how we
design, source, manufacture, and deliver
products and solutions in collaboration with
our customers, suppliers, and partners

We give each Business Unit a high degree of
autonomy to ensure it stays agile and can
create shareholder value. Each Business Unit is
fully accountable for cash generation, its
financial results, as well as for delivering on the
Group’s sustainability targets. The Business
Units also control their respective
manufacturing plants, supply chains, and
regulatory affairs. Our Business Partners –
members of key corporate functions such as
HR, Finance, and IT – enable excellence and
efficiency by partnering closely with the Group
and the Business Units. The Business Partners
also drive effectiveness through shared service
centers. This approach, aligned with global
macro trends, ensures smart, impactful
progress toward our mid-term targets.

Table of contents

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR FOUNDATION

<

Our Company

Exemplary standards in quality, safety, ethics and compliance
Quality, safety, ethics and compliance are
non-negotiable at dsm-firmenich: they are
anchored in our Code of Business Ethics and
embedded in our policies, systems, and
culture, with clear accountability from the
Board to every site and colleague.
Quality
Quality is the right of every customer and the
responsibility of every employee at dsmfirmenich. In 2025, we further embedded the
integrated approach to quality that we
launched in 2023. Grounded in the concepts
‘Quality culture’, ‘Crafted with care’, ‘High
standards’, and ‘Continuous improvement’, our
approach comprises a range of methods.
These include clear management principles and
operational requirements, Group-wide quality
standards, quality key performance indicators,
and monthly and quarterly quality reports to
the Board of Directors and the Executive
Committee, along with the CEO newsletter,
quality culture activities, celebrations, and
awards.
For further information on our approach, please
see Quality.

15

Safety, Health & Environment (SHE)

Ethics and compliance

Safeguarding our people, communities, and
planet is not only good business: it is the right
thing to do. Our SHE policy is a promise to our
employees, partners, customers, and other
stakeholders to exemplary standards, ensuring
our own sustained growth. We strive for an
accident-free workplace and foster a culture
built on care, involvement, trust, learning, and
accountability. Every colleague has a role to
play in speaking up, acting safely, and helping
create an environment where safety comes first
and responsible behavior is second nature.

Ethics and compliance are the responsibility of
every employee. Our Legal, Risk, and
Compliance team connects our company with
opportunities while protecting our interests and
values. Collaborating closely with the relevant
stakeholders, we operate to the highest legal
and regulatory standards while proactively
managing our risk exposure and upholding our
commitment to ethical business practices as
outlined in our Code of Business Ethics.

We apply consistent expectations and
practices across all our sites to prevent
incidents, protect health, and minimize our
environmental impact. This includes managing
risks, sharing learnings, and continuously
improving how we operate in areas such as
safety, health, climate, energy, and
environmental stewardship. Through this shared
commitment, we help ensure that our
operations remain safe, resilient, and aligned
with our ambition to contribute to a healthier,
more sustainable world.
For more information, please see Environmental
information and Social information.

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR PEOPLE AND VALUES

A global team powered by science,
creativity, and shared purpose
Bringing progress to life means not just
meeting expectations but going beyond
them. In 2025, we launched our Employer
Value Proposition (EVP) to reflect this ethos.
Powered by science, creativity, and a shared
commitment to shaping a better future, our
EVP has been created to engage and unite
everyone who works for and with dsmfirmenich. Founded on our company values, it
has three pillars:
•

•

•

16

Creative innovation: Grounded in our first
value, ‘Shape the future’, we combine
cutting-edge science with consumerinspired collaboration. Whether this involves
reducing sugar in food and beverages
without compromising flavor and mouthfeel,
or creating fragrances that enhance wellbeing, we challenge the status quo to unlock
new possibilities
Impact with purpose: Guided by our second
value, ‘Be a force for good’, we embed
sustainability into everything we do. From
collaborating with WHO and UNICEF to
advancing health and nutrition in the
consumer space, we act with integrity and
responsibility to improve lives every day
Supportive growth: Inspired by our third
value, ‘Own the outcome’, we empower our
people to grow and thrive. With continuous
learning, mobility across teams and borders,
we create a culture of inclusion and

belonging, where every voice matters and
every idea helps to drive positive progress
Together, with our customers, we create
meaningful impact, because real progress only
happens when we go beyond, together.
Our Employee Engagement Survey
The outcomes of our most recent survey
highlight the fantastic achievements we made
in 2025, reinforcing the positive impact our
renewed focus on people and culture is having.
Overall, we saw sustained engagement across
the organization. ‘Participation’ rose from 85%
to 90%, reflecting increased trust and
willingness to share feedback; ‘work
engagement’ remained consistently high at
80%, demonstrating ongoing commitment
during a year of change, and ‘intention to stay’
jumped to 83%, indicating that clearer career
pathways are boosting how confident our
employees feel in their future with us.
Together, these results (for full details please
see Sustainability Statements) are a powerful
endorsement of our approach to creating a
more connected, inclusive, and engaged
workforce, and provide a great foundation for
the year to come.

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR PEOPLE AND VALUES > EVP

Go beyond: building a people brand
that expresses our purpose
In 2025, we set out to create an employer
brand that reflected our purpose, our values,
and the people who bring them to life.
We anchored our approach in real human
insight, working to engage both our current
employees and prospective job candidates to
understand what it is about dsm-firmenich that
makes us unique. Their perspectives became
the foundation for an employer brand that
embodies authenticity, clarity, and belonging.
The result of these conversations was an
inclusive, storytelling-driven campaign
designed to strengthen our reputation as a
great place to work and to attract and retain
the talent we need for the future. Filmed in
eight global locations, the campaign captured
the experiences of 24 colleagues from a

“

spectrum of roles and backgrounds. Each
testimonial - a selection of which can be found
on the next page - reflects a different facet of
who we are as an organization and what it
means to grow, contribute, and thrive here.
Following its launch in October 2025, the
campaign expanded to reach global audiences
through social channels, refreshed job boards,
and an updated career site. From 2026, our
employer promise to ‘go beyond’ will be woven
into our entire People approach, from
onboarding and internal mobility to leadership
and talent programs.
More stories on how we engage and empower
our people can be found in Sustainability
performance.

‘Go beyond’ isn’t just a promise to our people, it is a reflection of
the energy, passion, and drive that define us. When customers
partner with dsm-firmenich, they don’t just see a company: they
feel the commitment and ambition that power everything we do.”

Mieke Van de Capelle
Chief Human Resources Officer

17

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR PEOPLE AND VALUES > THE EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE

Experiences of purpose, growth, and creative innovation
The heart of any company is its people, and
at dsm-firmenich, we are proud of the impact
our employees are making every day.
No single account could capture the breadth of
creativity, innovation, and dedication on display
within our organization. Across our global
business, employees are embracing
opportunities to grow, collaborate, and shape
solutions that improve health, nutrition, and
wellbeing worldwide. We have gathered
testimonials to highlight just some of the ways
our teams contribute to progress, foster
inclusivity, and make a difference across
industries and communities.
Driving innovation in taste applications
Kathleen Nleya is Manager of Taste Applications
in Princeton, New Jersey. She plays a pivotal
role in creating products that delight
consumers while improving health outcomes.
Her projects have included launching an awardwinning beverage and working on a new flavor
ingredient that enhances both taste and
nutrition across global food products. Working
with colleagues across regions to reduce sugar,
lower calories, and minimize our carbon
footprint, Kathleen’s projects exemplify the
blend of creativity, scientific expertise, and
teamwork that defines our approach to
innovation, making a tangible impact on both
consumers and the planet.

18

Connecting science to consumer health
Endrigo Ramos is Associate Director for
Marketing and Healthy Longevity in Kaiseraugst.
His work helps bridge the gap between cuttingedge health and nutrition research and
consumer needs. By leveraging insights and
new AI tools, he works hand-in-hand with his
teams to translate scientific discoveries into
practical solutions that help people live longer,
healthier lives. Endrigo particularly values the
supportive environment in which he works, one
that allows him to take initiative, pursue bold
ideas, and collaborate with teams across the
organization to bring health-focused
innovations to market. His work illustrates how
scientific expertise, consumer understanding,
and cross-functional teamwork combine to
make a positive impact on global well-being.
Advancing client-focused innovation
Esha Kale is Associate Sales Director in Mumbai.
She finds a great sense of purpose in
developing innovative products that make a
tangible difference for clients, customers, and
consumers worldwide. With 13 years at the
company, she has grown through teamwork and
opportunities to collaborate with diverse
groups of people, building relationships across
geographies and cultures. Her experience
highlights the inclusive, supportive environment
at dsm-firmenich that encourages employees
to bring their authentic selves to work and
contribute their very best ideas.

“
“
“

I get to interact with many people from different parts of the
world, and the diversity allows me to be me.”

Kathleen Nleya, Princeton

Manager, Taste Applications Global Sugar Reduction TTH

If you have the courage at dsm-firmenich, you can do whatever you
want. It has the perfect environment for you to thrive.”

Endrigo Ramos, Kaiseraugst

Associate Director, Marketing and Healthy Longevity HNC

dsm-firmenich is a place where you can really be yourself: it's
genuinely inclusive, which means you can really bring your best.”

Esha Kale, Mumbai

Associate Sales Director,
Regional Consumer Brands India P&B

>

Table of contents

<

Our Company

OUR COMPANY > OUR STRATEGY > OUR VALUE CREATION MODEL

Our value creation model
For us, value creation extends far beyond
financial metrics. It is an intricate interplay of
environmental, social and economic factors
that defines our commitment to sustainable
and responsible business.
Capital inputs and approach1
•

•

•
•
•

•

Financial capital: Sourced from our
shareholders and invested into our
operations to drive innovation and
expansion
Manufactured capital: Includes our
production facilities and technological
infrastructure
Intellectual capital: Our extensive R&D
capabilities and proprietary technologies
Human capital: Embodied by a talented and
dedicated workforce
Social capital: Built through strong
relationships with our stakeholders,
including customers, suppliers, and
communities
Natural capital: Involves the sustainable use
of resources such as water, energy, and raw
materials

Business model and value chain
We gather, develop, and secure these inputs
through strategic investments, robust R&D
activities, talent management, stakeholder
engagement, and sustainable resource
management. The model leverages these inputs
to create value through interconnected
activities. The main features of our upstream

19

and downstream value chain include suppliers,
customers, distribution channels, and end
users. We maintain strong relationships with
these business actors to ensure efficient and
effective value creation. Our key suppliers
provide essential raw materials and
components, while our customers and
distribution channels help deliver products and
services to end users.
Capital outputs and outcomes
The outputs of the model are multifaceted and
create value for our stakeholders:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Financial outputs: Revenue growth,
profitability, and shareholder returns
Manufactured outputs: High-quality
products and innovative solutions
Intellectual outputs: Patents, trademarks,
and industry-leading research
Human outputs: Employee development,
engagement, and well-being
Social outputs: Contributions to community
development and stakeholder engagement
Natural outputs: Responsible management
of environmental resources and reduction
of ecological footprint

UN Sustainable Development Goals

UN Sustainable Development Goals

We contribute to many of the SDGs, but in
particular to SDG 2 and SDG 3 through the
products and solutions we provide, and to SDG
12 in how we run our business.
1

Human capital, social capital and natural capital are reported as total dsm-firmenich

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

OUR COMPANY > SCIENCE & RESEARCH

World-leading science
that sets us apart
At dsm-firmenich, we believe in the power of
science to make a positive impact — for both
People and Planet. That’s why science is the
foundation for everything we do, helping us to
innovate and bring progress to life across
health, nutrition, and beauty.
We invest over €600 million annually in
research and development. Our company is
home to around 1,600 staff employed in R&D
activities (of whom around 350 have PhDs)
across 15 research hubs, 36 creation centers,
and 50 application laboratories. With this scale
and expertise, we accelerate innovation and
partner with our customers to meet the needs
of today and tomorrow.

“

Cutting-edge science is driving progress all across our businesses. By
combining science-based innovation, a purpose-led approach, and a
differentiated product portfolio, we are now uniquely equipped to shape new
markets and redefine consumer experiences.”

Sarah Reisinger

Chief Science & Research Officer

20

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

Table of contents

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

OUR COMPANY > SCIENCE & RESEARCH > OUR APPROACH

Innovation with purpose: proven science that improves lives
We work closely with our creators to develop
pioneering products and technologies with
an end-to-end innovation approach.
Sustainability is embedded throughout every
stage of the process, from discovery, preclinical and clinical studies to application
development, scale-up, and industrialization.
Our global Science & Research team ensures
developments are aligned with the needs of our
businesses by continuously refining its
innovation portfolio to maximize value.

Our capabilities
As mentioned in Our strategy, our cutting-edge
Science & Research is built on eight powerful
research capabilities. Our scientists also work
closely with our Business Units, customers, and
consumers to help guarantee we are making a
real difference, whether working to make
products healthier, more sustainable, or simply
more delightful.
Biotechnology

This involves delivering priority projects that
have a direct impact on business, as well as
reviewing and investing in capabilities to
future-proof innovation delivery. Our Scientific
Advisory Board, comprising world-leading
experts from a range of fields, also helps guide
long-term direction, inspiring us to continue
working on transformative breakthroughs.

Building on our deep mastery of microbial
systems, we develop a wide range of nutrition,
health, and beauty products. Combining
traditional and modern approaches, including
synthetic biology and precision fermentation,
we create and improve sustainable biosolutions that elevate experience while
accelerating climate action.

R&D expenditure

These capabilities are amplified by digital
technologies such as AI, enabling faster
optimization and robust scale-up. Our
biotechnology know-how and global
biomanufacturing infrastructure enables us to
innovate, enhance our existing solutions and
deliver a dependable pipeline of novel
ingredients to our Business Units.

We continually invest in innovation to support
the overall balance of our product portfolio and
product life cycles.

1

Continuing operations

2025

2024

R&D expenditures in € million
R&D expenditures as % of net
sales
Staff employed in R&D activities

657

668

7
1,602

7
1,618¹

Restated for comparison purposes

21

Microbiome research
For humans and animals, we are working to
better understand host-microbiome
interactions – the operation of the unique,

individual collection of diverse microorganisms
that populates the body. Knowing more about
the microbiome’s influence on health and wellbeing, especially for gut and skin health,
enables us to develop novel capabilities. We
also capitalize on synergies between
microbiology, analytical sciences, data science,
synthetic biology, and human biology.
Receptor biology and sensory sciences
Our research decodes taste, smell, and related
sensations at the molecular level, with our
proprietary knowledge driving innovation
across a range of business segments. This
industry-leading science helps discover highly
differentiated ingredients and modulators of
flavor and fragrance. Research into perception
and cognitive neuroscience sheds further light
on how humans respond to ingredients in both
individual and combined form.
Our insights into the sensory and
psychophysical characteristics of fragrance
and flavor ingredients help identify and
measure well-being benefits. Our capabilities in
this area include in-house sensory testing,
psychophysics, and behavioral psychology, and
are complemented by psychophysiology and
cognitive neuroscience conducted with the aid
of external partners.
Data science and AI
We continue to build and layer new AI-driven
capabilities that strengthen and support our

research and creative teams. Advanced
bioinformatics and chemoinformatics,
combined with generative and agentic AI,
increase discovery hit rates and reduce
experimental cycles. Predictive models enable
in-silico evaluation of formula performance,
guide reformulation, and optimize sensory
outcomes, while our state-of-the-art datascience engine — and its application across our
research and innovation — empowers the
development of unique, precision solutions for
our customers.
Chemical and process sciences
We create new signature ingredients for our
perfumery business, deliver innovative natural
ingredients for our three businesses, and
develop improved and more sustainable
production processes for existing ingredients
for nutrition, health, and beauty. By combining
state-of-the-art chemistry, advanced
engineering and data science, we speed up
product discovery and development.
Assisted by our green chemistry approach, we
use modern catalytic methods and renewable
raw materials to lower our eco-footprint. In
tandem, we also address increased customer
demand for natural ingredients by developing
advanced extraction technologies, such as
Firgood®, our range of 100% natural extracts.
Our leadership in naturals is built upon three
pillars: innovation, sustainable procurement
standards, and collections of certified
ingredients with strong involvement at source.

Table of contents

Formulation and materials science

IP and licensing

Venturing

We develop cutting-edge biodegradable
delivery systems that boost fragrance longevity,
capitalize on our mastery of molecular
partitioning to enhance the stability and
bioavailability of active ingredients used in
personal care, and use our expertise in
controlled release to develop targeted delivery
solutions for ingredients used across our
businesses. We also use our knowledge of flavor
delivery and off-note modulation, combined
with our expertise in protein texturization, to
offer new food-and-drink product formats.

In 2025, we were recognized as a Top 100
Global Innovator by LexisNexis. Our intellectual
property (IP) professionals maximize the value
of our innovations and brands by strategically
defending patents and trademark rights in key
markets. The IP team acts as a differentiator in
joint developments, technology licensing
(in/out), and IP asset acquisitions or sales. In
2025, we made 109 new first-patent
publications, reflecting a continued focus on
protecting our competitive advantage.

dsm-firmenich Ventures (dfV) makes
investments in innovative, early-stage
technology companies across the health,
nutrition, and beauty sectors. In 2025, we
ensured alignment with priority technology and
product areas, with a focus on opportunities
with a horizon of two years or more. We made
investments in two startups: P2 Sciences and
ExoLab. dfV is now driving strategic value
creation by facilitating robust technology and
product partnerships between dsm-firmenich
and the highly innovative startups in our
venturing portfolio. To learn more, see here.

Analytical sciences
A broad range of analytical chemistry
techniques are central for identifying and
characterizing compounds responsible for
product performance, as well as for monitoring
biotech processes and chemical conversions.
By generating molecular insights, we assist in
the discovery of novel ingredients and deepen
our understanding of complex biochemical
mechanisms in microbes. Reliable analytical
sciences data is critical in enabling advances in
modeling approaches and AI, from ideation and
discovery to manufacturing and application of
our products.
Nutritional and food sciences
We create science-based, sustainable solutions
for human nutrition and health. Our expertise in
these areas supports the product development
and delivery process – from concept through
research – to the customer. It also enables us
to develop targeted solutions that improve the
flavor, texture, and nutritional content of food
products.

22

Regulatory Affairs
Our Regulatory Affairs team is central in
ensuring timely market access for innovations,
helping to unlock growth with safe and
compliant new products that create customer
and business value.
Highlights from 2025 include boosting
efficiency through adoption of new AI and
data-management tools; ensuring continued
REACH compliance in an increasingly complex
environment; and implementing new
regulations such as the EU Deforestation
Regulation to safeguard supply chains.
Scientific collaboration
We collaborate with around 100 organizations
worldwide, including academic institutions,
start-ups, and others. Our commitment to
collaboration broadens our scientific and
research horizons, enabling us to collectively
contribute to solving pressing societal and
environmental challenges.

Pushing the boundaries
As outlined above, ‘Data science and AI’ is one
of our eight main research capabilities. The
rapid advancements being made in this field
have made it possible for us to reimagine how
we discover, design, and deliver ingredients and
solutions. We combine chemistry,
biotechnology, receptor biology, analytical data,
sensory data, and consumer insights with
advanced computational methods to
accelerate ingredient discovery and product
development.
We are also building next-generation
capabilities, such as aging atlases, digital twins,
and precision health and nutrition models to
translate complex, multi-modal data into
actionable insights. Of course, our scientists are
conducting pioneering work across all eight of
our science capabilities. Thanks to the
synergies between them, we are able to
innovate in truly unique ways, setting us apart
as a Category of One.

<

Our Company

>

Our Businesses

>

In 2025, we launched an array of innovations
across a range of markets, with many of these
offering significant sustainability benefits too —
both for People and Planet. Some key examples
are listed below:
•

•

•

In TTH, we launched ModulaSENSE®
(precision maskers that capitalize on our
expertise in receptor biology to make plantbased proteins more delicious), Astarome™
(a new green drying technology for making
powdered flavors), and Maxiren®EVO (a new
enzyme for more efficient cheese
production with enhanced moisture
retention, improved texture, extended shelf
life, and reduced cutting losses)
In P&B, we launched Amberever® Neo (a new
cedarwood fragrance ingredient with ten
times the strength of ingredients in the
same olfactive space), Clearsense® (new
malodor-control solutions for deodorants,
home, and oral care), and EmotiOn™ social
connection (a program that harnesses the
power of scent to foster emotional
wellbeing and connection)
In HNC, we continued to invest in Humiome®
(our world-leading health-from-the-gut
platform), we launched Ulteeva Purity™
(new biomedical fibers for safer surgery), we
also launched the first nutritional longevity
solution clinically proven to slow down
biological aging (based on life's® OMEGA
and Quali®-D), and we even made
breakthroughs in boosting the bioavailability
of CBD-based therapies, with CBtru®

Our Company

Our Businesses

23

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > PERFUMERY & BEAUTY

A creation partner to the world’s
most iconic consumer brands
Perfumery & Beauty (P&B) is powered by
science-based innovations that span
fragrance, ingredients, and beauty actives.
We house some of the industry’s finest
talent, boast an unmatched palette of
specialty ingredients, and are supported by a
vertically integrated supply chain.

focus on innovation, creation, and excellence,
enabled by our advanced digital capabilities.
Highlights
•
•

Benefiting from strong demand for our
specialty ingredients and recognized innovation
capabilities, we occupy a leadership position in
the creation space. For more than a century, we
have built an unparalleled palette of synthetic,
natural, and biotech ingredients. Today, we
enjoy advanced expertise in negotiating a
regulatory landscape in which reformulations
are becoming a powerful differentiator.
In 2025, we made full use of our organization as
an integrated ecosystem, combining the
capabilities of Perfumery & Ingredients,
together with Beauty & Care, to navigate a
challenging environment. Despite the trade
conflicts that characterized the year, fragrance
remains highly resilient, supported by trends
that cater to our customers’ evolving
preferences. This potential was fully recognized
in our Vision & Strategy 2029, launched in
January 2025, which sets out our next five-year
roadmap. This clear strategic vision, backed up
by investment plus disciplined and agile
implementation, ensures an uncompromising

24

•

•

•
•

In 2025, we delivered 3% organic sales
growth and a 21.7% Adjusted EBITDA margin
We maintained strong growth momentum in
Fragrance, winning new business with a
number of global consumer brands and
simultaneously stepping up our
collaboration with various regional
consumer brands in China, India, and
Indonesia
In Fine Fragrance, our win rate reached a
historical high in prestige and niche market
segments, while our creation was
recognized with an unprecedented number
of global awards
Our Ingredients business enjoyed a good
year, including the launch of two new
molecules that deliver exceptional
performance and longevity for ambery
perfumes
Beauty & Care continued its innovation
journey despite challenges in suncare
In line with our sustainability targets, we are
progressing well to achieve 100%
responsible sourcing of key natural
ingredients by 2030. This year, we achieved
100% life cycle assessment data coverage
across our portfolio.

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > PERFUMERY & BEAUTY > OUR MARKETS

Covering the entire perfumery and beauty market space
Key market trends
Several new challenges characterized our
market in 2025, following a very strong dynamic
in 2024. These included the introduction of
tariffs, some destocking induced by softness in
demand, transitions between different
distribution channels, new competition in
certain ingredient categories, and more
cautious spending on the part of consumers.
Nevertheless, ever-increasing consumer
demand for superior and sustainable products
that deliver wellbeing supported a positive
long-term outlook. This is based on three key
emerging trends that shaped the industry in
2025:
A growing appetite for perfumery:
According to our NewNextNow consumer
study for 2026 and beyond, conducted in 21
countries, 70% of the population say they

•

“

•

•

appreciate scents now more than before,
with 73% saying that scents bring pleasure,
signaling a strong appreciation for the
wellbeing-related benefits of scent
The growth of online commerce: Digital
tools, such as fragrance personalization and
virtual beauty platforms, which make online
shopping feel more personal, are also
driving greater e-commerce sales and
outpacing in-store growth
The acceleration of digitalization: The
influence of social media platforms such as
TikTok, combined with a rising awareness of
niche brands, is fueling demand for
fragrances and has resulted in increased
consumption among younger generations,
particularly Gen Z

For some of the highlights of our innovation
activities in 2025, see Innovation in this section.

In 2025, we continued our transformation despite a more challenging
environment. Together with our customers, we are shaping a unique winning
machine powered by creation, innovation, excellence, and the unwavering
commitment of our teams.”

Emmanuel Butstraen

Chief Operating Officer and Business Unit President
Perfumery & Beauty

25

Performance

Key performance figures

Perfumery & Beauty delivered organic sales
growth of 3%. Fine Fragrances delivered highsingle digit growth, while Consumer Fragrances
and Ingredients delivered mid-single digit
growth. Beauty & Care was impacted by
weakness in sun filters. The Middle East was
strong, Asia was good, and Europe solid, with
softness in North America and Latin America.

x € million

2025

2024¹

Sales
Organic sales growth
(in %)
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA
margin (in %)

3,760

3,776

3
815

7
842

21.7

22.3

The Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.7% represents
a good performance, particularly given the
impact of the sun filters. Adjusted EBITDA was
stable when excluding an adverse 3% currency
effect.

1

Restated for comparison purposes

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > PERFUMERY & BEAUTY > THE YEAR IN REVIEW

A year of close and fruitful collaboration
Investing in ingredients
At P&B, the research and development of
fragrance ingredients is our top priority. In early
2025, we launched Amberever®, a
groundbreaking cedarwood fragrance
ingredient that delivers exceptional
performance and captures the current market
trend for powerful woody notes. This innovative
molecule offers a rich, ambery undertone with
impressive longevity.
Following this successful launch, we introduced
Amberever® Neo in November, which is a purer
version obtained through crystallization to
isolate the isomer responsible for its odor and
strength. Produced at our La Plaine site
(Switzerland), these new signature captive
ingredients create meaningful differentiation
and are key ingredients for our Fine Fragrance
and Consumer Fragrance perfumers.
Every year, we also promote a new Sharing
Innovation Collection, showcasing the diversity
of our portfolio and our commitment to
sustainability. For 2025, our new collection
featured our breakthrough biotechnology
ingredient, Firsantol®, made from upcycled
turpentine; Cyclamen Base, developed to
address regulatory challenges; and premium
and certified Naturals, including the previously
captive ingredient Coffee Peru Organic from
our proprietary Firgood® technology, Olibanum
Cert, and Rum SFE.

26

This year, we also took another significant step
by strengthening the organization of our
Naturals business. We created the Naturals
Perfumers Council, a group of selected expert
perfumers focused on strategic growth, with a
brief to drive the development, promotion, and
scalability of natural ingredients.
We pursued significant investments in growth
projects in 2025, particularly for key specialty
ingredients such as amber notes and musks in
our industrial sites in India, France, and
Switzerland. We also commissioned a new
production unit in France, for the manufacture
of hydrogenated bio-based resins for industrial
applications. This state-of-the-art facility will
position us as a global leader in the production
of hydrogenated rosin resins and derivatives,
which are used in markets such as adhesives,
coatings, and chewing gum.
Perfumers at the heart of creation
Our perfumers won several awards worldwide in
2025. Two of our Fine Fragrance Master
Perfumers, Alberto Morillas and Olivier Cresp,
were honored at the Fundación Academia del
Perfume in Spain with the “Perfume Legends”
Award, in recognition of their extraordinary
career achievements, their lasting contributions
to perfumery, and their relentless passion for
fragrance creation. Alberto Morillas also won
the ISPC (International Society of PerfumerCreators) “Prix Contribution Award” for his
numerous contributions to the perfumery
industry.

From award-giving organizations to top global
publications, our perfumers received
recognition, not only for their creations but also
for their wider contributions to perfumery.
Principal Perfumer, Fabrice Pellegrin, was named
as one of CULTURED magazine’s CULT 100. This
carefully curated list celebrates individuals who
are shaping our culture in real time – artists,
innovators, and creative thinkers.
Principal Perfumer, Amandine Clerc-Marie, was
recognized as one of the 2025 Vogue Business
100 Innovators for her contributions in
reshaping beauty with bold ideas and visionary
scent. She also won the Achiever Award in the
Creator Category from CEW France. Last but
not least, our talented Principal Perfumer, Marie
Salamagne, was honored by Cosmétiquemag, a
leading beauty trade publication in France, as
Perfumer of the Year. The award celebrated her
outstanding creativity and artistry, showcased
in many remarkable launches this year.
Beauty & Care, a house of science beyond
wellbeing
In Beauty & Care, our skincare business
continued to develop well in 2025. ETERWELL®
YOUTH, our award-winning holistic solution for
healthy ageing skin, enjoyed strong wins, and
we built on this success to launch ETERWELL®
HAIR. Our sun filters business, by contrast,
experienced a challenging year.
At the core of our mission lies wellbeing and
holistic beauty, with products built on superior

in-house expertise, scientifically proven results,
and deep consumer insights. ETERWELL® HAIR,
a key breakthrough innovation of the year,
showcased our leadership in next-generation
hair care science and earned multiple awards
for its pioneering approach to hair vitality. As
the first ingredient clinically tested on
senescent hair follicles, it opens a new pathway
to support scalp balance and hair density. This
innovation exemplifies our commitment to
breakthrough science and sustainably sourced,
high-performance ingredients.
On the skincare front, SYN-COLL® CB, our nextgeneration, eco-conscious, high-performance
tripeptide for sustainable well-aging, was
launched this year. This patented, TFA-free,
natural-origin tripeptide is powered by Green
Chemistry. It helps slow the skin’s aging process
by mimicking the skin’s own mechanisms to
boost collagen and protect against its
degradation throughout life.
Technology and beauty worked hand in hand in
2025 through our proprietary 3D Skin-Mapping
technology, which bridges the gap between
scientific data and consumer language. From
single-point bio-instrumental evaluation to
continuous visualization of skin hydration,
barrier function, skin surface pH, and sebum
across diverse skin types, this innovation
demonstrates product benefits in an intuitive
manner, helping customers create winning
solutions – as successfully showcased at key
global and regional Beauty & Care events
throughout the year.

Our Company

Driving customer intimacy and inspiring cocreation
Showcasing excellence in customer intimacy,
our immersive, multi-sensorial experiences go
all over the world, reaching our clients directly,
fostering customer intimacy, and promoting
co-creation.
Our fragrance experience, Sensorium™, was
mounted in China, Indonesia, and Thailand,
giving our customers in Asia an exclusive
opportunity to see, smell, and experience the
future of fragrance. In March, we launched an
exclusive exhibition in Paris, the House of
Musks. For over 100 years, we have been at the
forefront of musk innovation, mastering its
transformation from a rare animal-sourced
ingredient to a sustainable, renewable molecule.
This moment unveiled the secrets of this iconic
ingredient, celebrating its history, its paradoxes,
and its perennial fascination.

27

In April, we showcased our full innovation power
at the World Expo in Osaka, a global platform
for innovation. We contributed to this event
through our collaborations with both the Dutch
and Swiss Pavilions – two countries in which
our company is rooted. Our participation was a
major milestone as we proudly presented our
full cross-business portfolio, marking a major
milestone in our engagement with the region
and our commitment to shaping a better future
through science, sustainability, and creativity.
Later in the year, we embarked on a new
journey with Scent of Italy. This special event is
a new cultural, emotional, and sensorial project
that explores the Italian influence and signature
in perfumery. We took a group of perfumers to
different Italian regions to discover the unique
olfactive signatures of each place through
familiar places and fantastic food.

Employee Engagement
Our Business Unit achieved an impressive 87%
participation rate in the company-wide
Employee Engagement Survey in 2025, a full
five percentage points up on P&B’s
participation rate last year. This positive trend
reflects a culture in which we prioritize
collective success, empower each other, and
seek continuous improvement.

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > PERFUMERY & BEAUTY > SUSTAINABILITY, INNOVATION, AND PARTNERSHIPS

Sustainability, innovation, and partnerships
Sustainability
In 2025, we reached a major milestone: 100% of
our Perfumery and Beauty & Care ingredients
have a product carbon footprint available,
based on Life Cycle Assessment (LCA). Every
ingredient in this scope now carries a complete
sustainability assessment profile. Much more
than a target achieved, this comprehensive
data is the foundation of our decarbonization
journey.
P&B actively contributes to the Group’s SBTivalidated 2045 net-zero target by embedding
sustainability across its entire ingredient and
fragrance portfolio. With robust data informing
our decisions, we design lower-carbon
solutions across three key levers: sourcing
lower-impact raw materials; optimizing
manufacturing operations to reduce energy
use, waste, and emissions; and advancing ecodesign to create lower-carbon ingredients,
solutions, and fragrances.
This data foundation enables accurate Product
Carbon Footprint (PCF) calculations, as well as
customer portfolio assessments that support
clients in measuring and reducing the carbon
impact of their products.
By sharing these insights and solutions with our
clients, we not only advance our own carbonreduction targets but also contribute to
lowering emissions across the broader
perfumery and beauty industry.

28

This approach is reflected in innovations
ranging from ingredients such as Amberever®
Neo, whose high olfactive performance allows
perfumers to use less quantity and reduce their
overall footprint, to our eco-tools Imp’Act
CardTM, EcoIngredient Compass®, and EcoScent
Compass®.
All LCA and sustainability data is digitally
integrated into EcoScent Compass®, making
sustainability insights instantly accessible
throughout the perfumers’ creative process,
guiding informed decisions, from ingredient
selection through final formulation.
The industry took notice in the year under
review. In recognition of this work, EcoScent
Compass® earned both the Beauty Matters
Impact Award and the IFEAT Award in 2025,
highlighting how data, innovation, and ecodesign can combine to drive meaningful
progress and deliver positive impact.
This progress is reinforced by our responsible
sourcing commitment. Our Due Diligence
framework, audited and recognized by the Fair
Labor Association (FLA), keeps us on track with
our 2030 roadmap. In 2025, we expanded and
deepened our on-site due diligence across key
P&B Naturals. We also broadened our portfolio
of certifications, further strengthening
transparency, collaboration, and supplier
performance across the value chain.

Innovation

Partnerships

Powered by our science-based innovations in
P&B, we make our customers’ products more
essential, desirable, and sustainable, positively
influencing consumer preferences. Our
innovations pave the way for our success, and
2025 was marked by milestones in
neuroscience and malodor control.

We take pride in bringing fragrance closer to
consumers through collaborations with
different organizations that share our passion
and vision. In November, we collaborated with
one of the most prestigious museums in Paris,
the Petit Palais, for their exhibition on the works
of Pekka Halonen (1865-1933), a major figure of
the Finnish Golden Age. The exhibition featured
more than 130 works and was designed as a
true sensory experience. Our perfumer Daphné
Bugey created bespoke fragrances and
designed olfactory installations exclusively for
this exhibition.

In September, we launched emotiOn™ social
connection – a first-of-its-kind fragrance
innovation designed to boost social bravery
and spark human connections. It blends
emotional expertise, data intelligence, and
behavioral science to create fragrances that
help bring us closer to each other. emotiOn™
social connection has been developed as part
of our emotiOn™ program, rooted in more than
30 years of neuroscientific research and codeveloped with leading academic institutions.
In the area of malodor control, we leveraged
cutting-edge science to develop Clearsense®
for the effective neutralization of bad odors in
everyday life. This innovation gives consumers
an exceptional scent experience, with
applications in home categories, deodorants,
and oral care products. We also made
advances in oral care masking technology with
Truescreen™ zinc. This innovation unveils the
true potential of flavors by effectively masking
unwanted notes from zinc.

We also turned our focus to Grasse, the cradle
of perfumery and the home of our creative
atelier, Villa Botanica. We hosted partner events
with The Colors, an ecosystem dedicated to
multicultural cosmetics and perfumery, and the
Value of Beauty Alliance (VOB), an organization
of industry leaders that aims to spotlight the
industry’s positive impact on both society and
the economy at the European level. For The
Colors, as part of Grasse Perfume Week, it was
an intimate workshop with perfumers and
journalists, exchanging ideas and olfactive
vision, featuring ingredients originating from
Africa. For VOB, it was a video campaign
highlighting our footprint and history in Grasse.
The series gives insights into how experts
collaborate with farmers and researchers to
bring the fragrance industry’s sustainable vision
to life.

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > PERFUMERY & BEAUTY > OUR STORY

The Suavitel® Story: a journey to
Amazing Blue
The story of Suavitel® is one of the most
enduring narratives in the global household
care sector. As a cornerstone brand within
the portfolio of Colgate-Palmolive, a global
leader in consumer products across the oral
care, personal care, home care, and pet
nutrition categories, Suavitel® has defined
the fabric conditioner experience for
generations.
The brand launched in Mexico in 1972 and has
since become one of Latin America’s most
well-loved laundry care products. It is
extremely familiar to consumers and is the
benchmark for fabric conditioners. The
"Mother’s Love" identity sits at the very heart of
its brand promise.
The evolution of this iconic brand is a
testament to a commitment to peoplecentricity and a partnership behind fragrance
that has spanned decades. While the brand
maintains a leadership position with a constant
drive to refine and elevate the olfactive
experience, the landscape of consumer
expectations is never static.
In an industry defined by shifting trends and
increasing demands for performance, staying
relevant requires an unwavering commitment to
perceivable superiority.

29

Reimagining an icon
For Suavitel®, a moment of reinvention arrived
through a period of intense reflection and
competitive challenges. A dedicated core team
recognized the need to go back to the source:
the consumer. An ambitious project was
launched with the goal of developing a
fragrance system that would not just meet
market standards but redefine them.
Rather than simply reacting to market shifts, the
team sought to anticipate the emotional needs
of modern families. This involved a rigorous
process of creating prototypes and testing
them against the high standards of the
"Mother’s Love" legacy. The goal was to create a
brand and sensory experience that felt both
reassuringly familiar and excitingly modern.
Development was marked by an intense focus
on how scent can act as a bridge between
memory and current experience, ensuring that
every capful of fabric conditioner delivered a
sense of comfort and home.
The power of consumer insight
The breakthrough for what would become the
"Amazing Blue" fragrance system was not found
in a laboratory alone, but in the homes of the
people who use the product every day. To truly
understand the journey of the consumer, the
team undertook a massive consumer research

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

initiative including in-home visits. By observing
the laundry process in real time, from the initial
wash through folding clothes after drying to the
final act of wearing them, the team gained
invaluable insights that data alone could not
provide.
A global collaboration of talent
The successful revitalization of the Suavitel®
fragrance was the result of a seamless
partnership between global development
teams. With unconditional collaboration and a
disruptive mindset, team members worked
hand-in-hand to elevate Suavitel® and enhance
the fragrance experience.
The project relied on an extensive palette of
ingredients and a deep understanding of scent
psychology. By selecting specific elements that
resonate on an emotional level, the team was
able to boost the fresh, caring sensation that
defines the brand. It was a victory for
collaborative innovation, proving that when
marketing, science, and creativity align, the
results are decisive.

“

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

A new standard for freshness
When submitted for consumer testing, the
results were clear: the new profile resonated
deeply with the target audience. It managed to
preserve the signature essence that consumers
had loved for decades while introducing a level
of performance and freshness that set a new
category benchmark.
This success is confirmation that consumer
understanding remains the strongest driver of
success in the personal and home care
industries. By placing the emotional bond
between mother and child at the center of the
process, the team did more than just create a
pleasant scent; they reinforced a cultural icon.
The Suavitel® brand continues to stand as a
symbol of the enduring power of a great
fragrance to create lasting connections in
homes around the world.

I’m thrilled about how we placed consumers at the heart of this creation. Three
passionate groups – our Product Development Team, our Fragrance Team, and
dsm-firmenich – came together with a vision to elevate the fragrance experience.”

Priscila Blanco
Fragrance Development, Home Care Colgate-Palmolive

30

>

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > TASTE, TEXTURE & HEALTH

Healthier and more delicious products
that are better for People and Planet
Taste, Texture & Health (TTH) brings progress
to life by tackling some of society’s biggest
challenges: providing nutritious, healthy, and
sustainable food and beverages; accelerating
diet transformation; and nourishing a growing
world population while minimizing food loss
and waste.
TTH consists of two divisions: Taste, which
includes flavors, natural extracts, and taste
modulation solutions for saltiness and
sweetness, as well as solutions for restoring
texture and mouthfeel; and Ingredients
Solutions, which includes food enzymes,
hydrocolloids, cultures, natural colorants,
nutritional ingredients, and plant-based
proteins. Our four growth platforms – plantbased, sugar reduction, pet food, and health
benefits – deploy portfolios and application &
creation capabilities across divisions.
By co-creating with our customers, we bring
delicious, nutritious, and sustainable food and
beverage solutions to market. These products
are not only appealing to consumers: they are
better for People and Planet than the ones they
replace. Our passion for the science and
emotion of food extends from discovery to
application to the end-consumer experience.
This includes drinks with little or no sugar; dairy
products with consumer-preferred mouthfeel;
succulent savory bites; and nutritious plantbased alternatives.

31

Highlights
•
•

•

•

•

In 2025, TTH delivered 4% organic sales
growth and a 20.6% Adjusted EBITDA margin
We continued to invest in our regional
presence by building and expanding
facilities worldwide and implementing
continuous improvement initiatives. These
include the inauguration of our new TTH
head office and R&D and application
facilities in Delft (the Netherlands), as well
as our pet-only premix facility in Tonganoxie
(Kansas, USA)
Sales synergies continued to gain
momentum through cross-selling, conceptselling, and capability-sharing, resulting in a
steadily growing pipeline in line with our
ambitions. Think of concepts to help
customers reduce sugar content in
preparation for impending sugar taxes or
the deployment of our taste and ingredient
solutions to assist with the creation of
plant-based barista milk
We accelerated our transformation process
by implementing our new regionally steered
operating model, all while maintaining high
levels of employee engagement.
We invested in climate actions to meet our
long-term science-based targets and
demand for lower-carbon food and
beverage solutions

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > TASTE, TEXTURE & HEALTH > OUR MARKETS

Global player, local solutions
With a global presence in all major regions
and a synergistic, on-trend portfolio
predicated on taste, texture, and health, we
support our customers in all food and
beverage markets.
We do this across beverages, dairy, baked
goods, confectionery, savory, and plant-based,
as well as in pet food. We work with a variety of
customers, such as global accounts,
distributors, regional players, private labels,
food services, and start-ups.

Key market trends
Although impacted by consumer concerns
regarding inflation and the economic
environment, the food and beverage market is
expected to continue growing at a compound
annual growth rate (CAGR) of 2.1%, with the
highest growth occurring in emerging
economies. This diverse market is built on local
tastes and traditions, with global, regional, and
local players. In 2025, it was shaped by the
following key trends:
•

“

Holistic health and well-being: Consumers
are increasingly seeking products with
reduced sugar, salt, and fat, along with
greater protein content, nutritional value,
and health benefits. Focus on cleaner labels
is increasing, while the popularity of home
cooking is growing in an attempt to offset
rising prices

2025 was a strong year. We continued to grow our divisions, are on
track to meet our synergy targets, and are now focusing on
shaping an even more customer-centric business. I’m honored to
be leading the best team I could have asked for.”

Maurizio Clementi

Business Unit President, Taste, Texture & Health

32

•

•

•

•

The availability of raw materials:
Fluctuations in the pricing and availability of
raw materials are obliging manufacturers to
reformulate and optimize their recipes
Global shifts in volume growth: In the
coming five years, two-thirds of volume
growth is projected to come from India, the
Middle East & Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin
America
Regulations: The current regulatory focus on
food safety, health, and sustainability will
only increase, the latter supported by
growing consumer concerns about climate
Rapid changes in food systems:
Manufacturers need to adapt faster and
more flexibly to structural changes to food
systems through food innovation

With our two divisions and the synergy
between them, we possess a unique ability to
co-create taste, texture and health solutions
with the optimal food and beverage matrix. For
some of the highlights of our innovation
activities in 2025, see Innovation in this section.

Performance
Taste, Texture & Health delivered organic sales
growth of 4%, supported by sales synergies,
against a high prior-year comparable of 10%
and more cautious customer demand in the
second half of the year.
Local and regional customers generated
stronger growth compared to global customers.
China and India drove growth over the full year.
Europe performed well, although softening in
the second half. North America, APAC, and Latin
America remained comparatively weaker. By
segment, Beverages was soft, while Dairy
including Cheese performed well, along with
Bakery and Pet Food.
Adjusted EBITDA improved by 7% when
excluding an adverse 3% foreign exchange
effect, driven by good organic sales growth and
favorable mix effects. The Adjusted EBITDA
margin of 20.6% continued to improve.
Key performance figures

1

x € million

2025

2024¹

Sales
Organic sales
growth (in %)
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA
margin (in %)

3,146

3,109

4
648

10
626

20.6

20.1

Restated for comparison purposes

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > TASTE, TEXTURE & HEALTH > THE YEAR IN REVIEW

Leading a new era in taste, texture, and health
In 2025, we worked closely with customers to
positively impact the daily lives of
consumers around the world.

•

•

Leadership change
In September, we announced a change in
leadership, effective January 1, 2026. After 34
years at the company, Patrick Niels retired and
was succeeded by Maurizio Clementi. Maurizio
has played a pivotal role in our performance
since the 2023 merger, having successfully led
TTH’s Taste division.

•

•

Investments
Key investment activities in 2025 included:
•
•
•

•

•

•

33

Opening our new Savory Taste Hub in
Wageningen (Netherlands)
Opening our Princeton Baking Innovation
Center (New Jersey, USA) in March
Taking another important step toward
integrating texturizing solutions into our
offering, increasing our ownership of the
Andre Pectin business in Yantai (Shandong
province, China) — one of the world's largest
pectin plants — from 75% to 90.5%
Breaking ground on a new facility for
developing flavors and functional blends
adjacent to our current Parma (Italy) site
Commencing construction of a new plant in
Vadodara (Gujarat, India) producing savory,
sweet liquid and powder flavors
Inaugurating the expanded seasoning plant
in Thuravoor (Kerala, India)

Inaugurating the Van Marken Food
Innovation Center at the Biotech Campus in
Delft (Netherlands)
Opening our premix facility in Tonganoxie
(Kansas, USA), which with our European site
in Haag (Austria) forms a dual-site network
dedicated exclusively to pet food
Announcing enhancements at our Enzyme
site in Seclin (France) and developments at
Yixing (Jiangsu province, China)
Making progress in Karawang (Indonesia),
where we are increasing capacity and
investing in the latest technologies to meet
the growing demand for flavors in Asia

Fine-tuning our organization

Production

In January, we introduced integrated regional
steering. Led by newly appointed TTH regional
heads, this initiative helps implement our
division strategies in each region, making use of
our combined capabilities and workforce.
Following the announcement of the planned
separation of the Animal Nutrition & Health
business, we welcomed colleagues from
Bovaer®. In 2025, we also finalized the
integration of First Choice Ingredients. Acquired
in 2021, First Choice Ingredients is a leading
supplier of cheese and dairy flavor solutions.

We saw increased demand in 2025, thanks to
our portfolio of food and beverage solutions,
strong customer interest in synergies, and new
concepts. We improved our production
facilities, trained our workforce, and made
targeted investments, resulting in production
records at most sites, while also improving our
safety and quality performance. Our awardwinning digital and automation strategy
enabled efficiency and productivity gains
focused on waste reduction, our commitment
to quality strengthened key indicators in
sensory properties and food safety, and we
improved the end-to-end quality assurance of
raw materials in collaboration with our
suppliers. On June 10, our Zhangjiagang site
(Jiangsu province, China) reached an
extraordinary safety milestone. It achieved
3,000 consecutive days without a single
recordable incident, representing over eight
years of unwavering dedication to safety.

Merger synergies

Growing our talent

We made significant progress toward achieving
€300 million in synergy sales through crossselling, concept selling, and joint capabilitysharing. Our teams created new joint concepts
and launched several new products across
multiple platforms. For example:

We are pleased that 80% of TTH employees
reported high engagement via our Employee
Engagement Survey. This reflects our continued
investment in talent, including through the TTH
Academy, and our dedication to maintaining
open and informal dialogue with employees.
Our target is now to prioritize our own
employees for each career opportunity.

•

•

•

We helped a renowned Indonesian beverage
brand reduce their product’s sugar content
to meet their own nutritional standards and
prepare for an impending sugar tax
To help our customers respond to growing
consumer demand for non- or low-alcoholic
beverages, we introduced new no- and lowalcohol beer solutions to the market
Our broad range of taste and ingredient
solutions helped plant-based barista milk
producers create their desired formula

We are on track to fill 75% of positions with
internal applicants, and in 2025, key
appointments were taken up by Karel
Stoscheck (Head of Taste), Rishabh Pande
(Head of Pet Food), Karl Witton (Head of TTH
North America), and Sanjay Jain (Head of
Bovaer®).

Staying ahead of trends
Our global Foresight & Design team helps our
customers to stay at the forefront of sensory
trends. In 2021, we formed an exclusive alliance
with Pantone, the authority on color, becoming
their official flavor and fragrance partner.
Complimenting Pantone's Color of the Year for
2025, we announced our Flavor of the Year,
‘Frosted Star Anise’, capturing a global desire
for the combination of warmth and freshness.

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > TASTE, TEXTURE & HEALTH > SUSTAINABILITY, INNOVATION, AND PARTNERSHIPS

Sustainability, innovation, and partnerships
Sustainability
At TTH, we help customers transform diets to
be better for People and Planet by delivering
solutions that reduce environmental footprints,
enable delicious and healthier choices, and
strengthen traceability and responsible
sourcing. In 2025, we continued to prioritize
climate action to advance our company’s
Science Based Targets (SBTi) and respond to
growing customer demand for lower-carbon
food and beverage solutions. Progress is driven
through improvements in operations,
strengthened responsible sourcing practices,
and innovation across our portfolio.
Investments in our manufacturing footprint,
including transitions toward renewable fuel and
heat at our hydrocolloids site in Yantai, support
ongoing reductions in greenhouse gas
emissions. Product innovations such as
CocoaCraze™ deliver the full cocoa taste
experience with significantly lower cocoa
content, helping customers reduce
environmental impacts and manage exposure
to volatile cocoa supply chains while
maintaining sensory quality.
We also reinforced transparency through
environmental impact assessments across our
portfolio. Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) is
applied across TTH to assess the impact of our
portfolio. This includes expanded use of
EcoFood Compass®, our proprietary tool for
measuring environmental and social impacts,
and detailed LCA insights for plant-based

34

protein solutions such as Vestkorn, enabling
customers to quantify impacts and make more
informed formulation choices. Responsible
sourcing remains a central pillar of our
sustainability strategy. We further strengthened
our 2030 due diligence roadmap to support
responsible supply chains and the long-term
viability of priority value chains.
Our progress and partnerships were also
recognized externally. In 2025, we received the
THIS™ Supplier Award for Sustainability Star of
the Year, recognizing innovative logistics
solutions delivering measurable carbonreduction impact. In parallel, customer-specific
decarbonization roadmaps, developed in close
collaboration, continue to be valued by
customers as an important element of our
offering, supporting them in reducing the
environmental impact of their portfolios and
progressing toward shared sustainability
objectives.
Innovation
The development of new food and beverage
solutions is increasingly dependent on the
effective use of advanced digital technologies.
As we respond to this transformational trend,
we have worked on a number of innovations.
For example, we have digitized our recipe
management and formulation processes to
augment our creators in helping our customers
innovate faster, reduce their time-to-market,
and improve compliance and responsiveness to
market trends.

Our studies show that taste remains the main
factor influencing consumers' decisions to
purchase food and beverages. By
understanding exactly how molecules interact
with taste and smell receptors, our scientists
can now better identify ingredients, including
those derived from natural resources, which
can enhance, modify, or even block certain
signals.
We are learning to fine-tune how taste is
perceived, discovering new ways to make
healthier foods taste amazing. A good example
of a sustainable innovation is the launch of our
award-winning Maxiren® EVO, a next-generation
cheese coagulant that helps cheesemakers
improve the sustainability of their processes
while meeting consumer expectations
regarding consistent taste and texture.
Partnerships
In 2025, we continued to make great progress
with our partners. One notable development
saw us signing a Memorandum of Strategic
Cooperation with the Yantai China Pet Foods
Group, combining our strengths in science and
technology to expand our business in China
and drive growth. By combining our expertise in
nutrition with Yantai’s extensive production
capabilities and well-known brands, the
partnership aims to drive science-based
innovation, share successful practices, and
expand market reach.

Another research partnership was with two
world-renowned research institutions, APC
Microbiome Ireland and INRAE. Together, we
discovered how bacteria used in cheese and
yogurt production defend themselves against
bacteriophages - viruses that infect, and
reproduce themselves within, bacteria. Phages,
as they are known colloquially, can disrupt
fermentation, resulting in costly production
issues. This discovery paves the way for the
development of more resilient cultures to help
producers consistently deliver high-quality
dairy products.
Joint ventures
EverSweet® stevia sweetener, an innovative
product from our joint venture Avansya,
received approval in the EU and UK in 2025,
making advanced zero-calorie sweetness with
a rounded flavor profile available to even more
consumers. Created through advanced
fermentation methods, the carbon footprint of
EverSweet® is 49% lower than the equivalent
amount of Stevia Reb A, offering the same
sweetness.

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > TASTE, TEXTURE & HEALTH > OUR STORY

High protein, low sugar:
seriously good taste
Today’s consumers expect dairy products to
deliver on all counts, combining health
benefits with superior sensory experience.
Checking those boxes is a major innovation
and formulation challenge. In 2025, however,
thanks to synergies across TTH, we have
helped our customers innovate in this key
strategic category.
A world of healthy opportunities
Dairy products have enduring popularity, with
market insights consistently highlighting the
importance of holistic health among dairy
consumers: 54% of global consumers, for
instance, look for healthy ingredients in the
dairy products they buy.
In practice, this means choosing dairy with
clear health advantages, such as high protein,
reduced sugar, or added nutrients. Market
forecasts confirm this trend, predicting highprotein and low-sugar ranges to grow between
6% and 7% annually up to 2035.
While consumers’ appetite for healthy products
is undeniable, it’s also clear they will not
compromise on taste: 72% said that taste is the
most important factor in their choice of food
and drink.

35

As manufacturers look to balance these
overlapping priorities, they also face
competition that intensifies the need for
product differentiation. At the same time,
producers must comply with evolving
regulatory requirements: these include taxes on
sugar-sweetened beverages in more than 100
countries, with discussions underway to extend
these policies to sugary dairy drinks, as well as
growing demands for clean-labelling and
natural ingredients.
For producers who can address these
interlocking challenges at speed, significant
commercial rewards await. Yogurt production
today is an intricate science, with complex
ingredients and process interactions impacting
the taste and texture profile. Increasing protein
levels and reducing sugar in yogurt formulations
can be particularly challenging, as this can have
a significant effect on sensory properties. At
dsm-firmenich, we have the capabilities to
solve this formulation puzzle.
Innovating in the overlap
Our scientific knowledge and application
expertise allow us to work across the dairy
value chain, with a clear understanding of how
milk composition, ingredients, and processing
steps interact to shape the final quality of
yogurt.

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

In 2025, for example, we continued enhancing
the combination range of ingredients that
impact taste, quality, and sustainability of
sweetness and texture in high-protein yogurt.
These include our Maxilact® enzymes, which
reduce sugar levels by up to 20%; Delvo®ONE
bioprotective cultures, which, as well as
delivering optimal taste and texture, extend
shelf life and accelerate progress on
sustainable food systems; and our TASTEGEM®
technology for amplifying natural sweetness –
all delivered alongside our advanced peptide
formulations containing all 20 amino acids in an
easily absorbable format. Uniting the art of
taste with the science of health and texture, our
teams found new ways to address consumers’
overlapping health and sensory expectations.

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

Central to our customer partnerships are our
talented, passionate people, who deliver the full
spectrum of technical and business expertise.
This includes bespoke advice on optimizing
recipes and production processes to ensure
that producers realize their sugar and protein
goals while also maximizing taste and texture.
Our expertise and ability to solve the most
complex challenges goes far beyond yogurt
production: across all dairy applications. Our
know-how makes us the co-creation and
application partner to deliver dairy quality
without compromise. As consumers continue
to seek dairy that supports their health and
delights their taste buds, TTH is in a strong
position to help our customers thrive.

The fruits of collaboration
Much of this progress has been made possible
by the continued integration of taste and
ingredients capabilities across TTH. These
ongoing synergies ensure that we can support
the fresh dairy industry more deeply than any
other industry player, strengthening our
position as a reliable, end-to-end partner.

“
36

>

As yogurt producers face changing consumer demands, they need a partner
who can address overlapping priorities. 2025 saw our teams embrace that
challenge, uniting health and delight for dairy brands worldwide.”

Sarita Bairoliya

Senior Director, Fresh Dairy and Alternatives TTH

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > HEALTH, NUTRITION & CARE

Elevating health at every life stage
Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC) helps people
improve their health by supplementing their
diet with critical nutrients. Working across
segments such as Early Life Nutrition, Dietary
Supplements, Pharma, Medical Nutrition,
Biomedical materials, and Nutrition
Improvement, we help to optimize immunity,
accelerate recovery, and enhance quality of
life.

applications, all designed to perform while
advancing sustainability for People and Planet
with measurable impact. This is how we
continue to evolve: by providing more effective
solutions that meet the ever-changing needs of
patients and consumers worldwide.
Highlights
•

At HNC, we recognize that creating a healthier
world requires more than high-quality
ingredients. That is why we aim to elevate
global patient and consumer health at every
stage of life. This commitment drives us to
support our customers throughout the entire
product development journey, serving as a true
end-to-end partner. Our innovative product
portfolio, coupled with customized solution
offerings and expert service, provides
unparalleled support from concept to
consumer. These integrated capabilities ensure
the right products, backed by the right
expertise, giving our customers the strongest
opportunity for success.
As we expand beyond ingredients, we are
delivering evidence-based nutritional solutions
enhanced by cutting-edge sensory science to
help our customers develop products that
resonate more deeply with consumers. Think of
healthy longevity solutions that extend health
span alongside lifespan. Or staying ahead of the
competition and closer to consumers with
science-backed, great-tasting solutions for gut
health, maternal health, and pharmaceutical

37

•

•

•

•

•
•

In 2025, HNC delivered 3% organic sales
growth and an 19.4% Adjusted EBITDA
margin
We grew our HMO portfolio and drove
synergistic symbiotic solutions for Early Life
Nutrition with new regulatory approvals in
key global markets
We accelerated the strategic transformation
of our algal-based Omega-3 portfolio,
helping customers shift to our highly
sustainable algal life’s®OMEGA
We expanded our leadership in health from
the gut with new launches in prebiotics,
probiotics, and postbiotics
We strengthened our leadership in nutrition
with several industry approvals and
strategic launches, addressing key global
consumer trends and needs with innovative
solutions
We made significant progress in Biomedical
strategy, innovation, and global expansion
i-Health drove growth in key accounts and
brands, addressing frequently overlooked
health issues, and took steps to strengthen
its market position in 2026

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

OUR BUSINESSES > HEALTH, NUTRITION & CARE > OUR MARKETS

A diverse range of solutions for a diverse range of markets
HNC offers solutions for a range of markets,
drawing on an exceptional portfolio
comprising high-quality vitamins, nutritional
lipids, minerals, carotenoids, botanical
nutraceuticals, digestive enzymes,
postbiotics, probiotics, and prebiotics, as
well as human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs),
active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), and
a range of biomedical solutions.
We address wellness and nutritional needs with
our direct-to-consumer i-Health business and
also serve the nutrition improvement sector,
providing accessible and affordable nutrition
fortification solutions for some of the world’s
most vulnerable populations.

Key market trends
•

•

•

•

“
38

Healthy longevity: People increasingly seek
healthy aging not just to live longer, but to
live better — aiming to extend health span
alongside lifespan
Preventative self-care: Advances in science
and diagnostic medicine, as well as in
monitoring devices, have boosted
awareness of proactive health, early
intervention, and self-care, including gut
health, mental health, immunity, and overall
well-being
Sustainable and evidence-based solutions:
The rise of self-education and demand for
science-backed solutions is fueling
transparency and democratization in
supplements
Disruptive new players: Upstart brands,
particularly in dietary supplements, are
reshaping the market and growing rapidly

In 2025, HNC delivered growth, advanced priority innovations, secured key
regulatory approvals in strategic markets, and strengthened its platform to
accelerate execution and value creation in preventative health and nutrition
solutions.”

Alessandre Keller
Business Unit President
Health, Nutrition & Care

For some of the highlights of our innovation
activities in 2025, see Innovation in this section.

Key performance figures

Performance
Health, Nutrition & Care continued its recovery,
delivering 3% organic sales growth, driven by
Early Life Nutrition and Dietary Supplements.
i‑Health was soft owing to more cautious
consumer sentiment in North America.
APAC and China were strong and EMEA and
Latin America performed well, whereas North
America was soft.
Adjusted EBITDA was up 14% when adjusted for
an adverse 6% currency effect. The Adjusted
EBITDA margin delivered a 160bps step-up to
19.4%, driven by good organic growth.

1

x € million

2025

2024¹

Sales
Organic sales
growth (in %)
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA
margin (in %)

2,102

2,117

3
407

377

19.4

17.8

Restated for comparison purposes

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > HEALTH, NUTRITION & CARE > THE YEAR IN REVIEW

Accelerating progress through portfolio innovation and market expansion
Expanding our HMO portfolio and reach
We achieved a significant milestone with the
regulatory approval of our GLYCARE® Human
Milk Oligosaccharides (HMO) portfolio in China,
becoming the first company to obtain approval
for 2’-Fucosyllactose (2’-FL) and Lacto-Nneotetraose (LNnT). This achievement
strengthens our leadership in the global HMO
market and represents a crucial step in shaping
the future of infant nutrition in China. By
expanding access to our science-based
solutions, we are helping more babies benefit
from the proven advantages of HMOs,
supporting healthier growth and development.
Building on our global regulatory progress, we
secured a major milestone with the approval of
our GLYCARE® 2’-FL as a functional ingredient
for early life nutrition in India, marking our first
HMO approval in this important market.
Granted by the Food Safety and Standards
Authority of India, this approval allows the use
of 2’-FL in infant formula for babies up to six
months old, helping bring formulations closer to
the composition of human milk, giving the best
start in life to all infants.
Leading the algal shift
We continued to grow our life’s®OMEGA
business, HNC’s advanced microalgal omega-3,
which maximizes natural potency and
exceptional quality without impacting marine
ecosystems. In 2025, we launched several new
products tailored to individual customer

39

requirements, driving the shift from fish oil to
our proprietary algal alternative. A leading US
retailer’s new dietary supplement launch
featuring life’s®OMEGA is making it more
accessible to consumers in the world’s largest
dietary supplements market. This ongoing
effort has driven consistent growth over the
years, with solid double digits in 2025.
Additionally, the latest DO-HEALTH findings
establish life's®OMEGA in combination with
Quali®-D as validated anti-aging interventions
rather than just general wellness supplements.
The research validates HNC’s Age Slower
concept, which combines life's®OMEGA with
Quali®-D for clinically proven healthy longevity
benefits.

solutions: it demands a modern, agile, and
integrated go-to-market model grounded in
solution selling - leveraging our hero ingredients
toolbox, creation, and application capabilities
and customer proximity. To advance this
transformation, we are strengthening team
capabilities, modernizing processes, and
enhancing our digital tools. We did so in 2025
by:
•

•

•

Improving health from the gut
•

We are helping customers meet growing
consumer demand for gut health solutions with
our Humiome® portfolio, supporting health from
the gut with a range of powerful concepts
based on prebiotics, probiotics, and
postbiotics. The pipeline increased significantly
in 2025, with interest across all regions, and a
major health supplements provider in China
launched a multi-ingredient product containing
Humiome® Post LB – a major win in the biotics
category for dsm-firmenich.
Our go-to-market transformation
Sustaining market leadership across HNC
segments requires more than superior

Rolling out enterprise-wide solution-selling
training to ensure a consistent, scalable
approach
Refining roles and responsibilities across
commercial functions to improve efficiency
and alignment
Reallocating resources to prioritize growth
areas to focus investment where it has the
greatest impact
Investing in AI-enabled digital tools to
enhance insights, solution development,
and performance management

Driving progress across our segments
Within our Dietary Supplements business, we
achieved the second EU Commission approval
of ampli-D®. This efficient vitamin D form is now
authorized for marketing and distribution
across all EU member states, unlocking exciting
growth and innovation opportunities within the
food supplement market. Meanwhile, we drove
our healthy longevity platform, focused on
increasing health expectancy by targeting aging
at a cellular level to increase years spent in
good health.

In Pharma Solutions, we launched a novel
portfolio of taste modulation and flavor
solutions specifically designed for use in
pharmaceutical formulations, including infants.
Leveraging our HNC Taste and Regulatory
expertise, we carefully curated this portfolio for
drug developers to improve palatability and
accelerate the route to market. Each product
includes comprehensive quality and regulatory
documentation to facilitate the complex drug
approval process. In March, we launched
Verilege™, a suite of expert services and
superior customer care. Verilege™ is designed
to help customers achieve and uphold
regulatory and quality compliance, progress
toward sustainability goals, and de-risk the
supply chain geographically.
Medical nutrition products help people
maintain health and quality of life; but formats
like oral nutritional supplements often face
adherence challenges that may reduce their
impact. In 2025, we introduced Mix-in protein
granules powered by Sprinkle-it Technology™
(SIT™), a novel format providing high-density
protein in a flexible, compact format with a
neutral taste. This new solution addresses
limitations of traditional powder formats and
helps increase protein intake and enhance
dietary compliance, with the aim of optimizing
health outcomes.
In Nutrition Improvement, we develop solutions
to combat micronutrient deficiencies. One of
our key initiatives for 2025 was in Nigeria.
Through Partners for Promoting Rice

Our Company

Fortification in Nigeria (P4P), we are part of a
multi-stakeholder effort to scale rice
fortification nationwide. This includes providing
industry insights, strengthening local
production of fortified rice kernels, and
providing technical assistance to millers to
ensure quality and sustainability.
Transforming Biomedical for the future
2025 was a transformative year for Biomedical,
marked by clear priorities, strengthened
execution discipline, and meaningful progress
across strategy, innovation, and global
expansion.
We focused on stabilizing our operations—
reinforcing leadership continuity, tightening
quality and compliance, and embedding
updated systems and processes. This
operational foundation strengthens our ability
to deliver consistent, reliable results.
We launched four empowered business
segments, enabling greater accountability,
faster decision-making, and sharper alignment
with customer needs on a global basis.
Innovation accelerated with next-generation
Ulteeva Purity™ developments, including
expanded fiber color options and the launch of
Ulteeva Purity™ Membrane—a PFAS-free
UHMWPE alternative for implantable vascular
applications, catheter liners, and medical filters.
These efforts directly supported our ambition
to bring differentiated, high-value solutions to
market more rapidly.
We strengthened our global leadership in
natural materials with first customer launches
in India and Korea for regenerative medicine
applications. Our new customer experience

40

center in China, equipped with advanced digital
capabilities, enhanced engagement and
presence across China and Asia. In parallel,
long-term commercial partnerships in our
business segments supported the global
growth of Biomedical’s differentiated products,
technologies and services, reinforcing supply
security and future scalability for our partners.
Investments in manufacturing
HNC manufacturing sites undertook
investments to assure asset reliability and
license to operate, with special focus on our
site in Dalry (Scotland).
Our Premix organization continued to drive its
global initiative to harmonize Quality Control
processes by introducing a modern, validated
Laboratory Information Management System
(LIMS) platform to ensure business continuity
and enable digital transformation in Quality
Control and Quality Assurance. Additionally, by
means of a large capital investment initiative at
our facility in Schenectady (New York, USA), we
are enhancing operational performance and
site capacity through infrastructure upgrades
and process & systems optimizations.
Our Biomedical division is making substantial
investments to enhance manufacturing
capacity, supporting the growth of its diverse
business portfolio, including the development
of a state-of-the-art facility in Wayne
(Pennsylvania, USA).
i-Health positions for the future
i-Health had a softer performance in 2025.
Nevertheless, Culturelle®, AZO®, and Estroven®
remain the brands with the highest market
penetration. The Amazon business continued

to grow across brands, and AZO® delivered
gains nationally, supported by new creative
direction, media, and innovation, including new
menopause solutions for a range of symptoms
and expansion of the D-Mannose urinary health
ingredient in a new hydrating drink mix format.
In our global markets, Culturelle® delivered
profitable growth in Canada, South Korea, Brazil,
and Turkey, driven by the recommendations of
healthcare professionals.
Entering 2026 under new leadership, the
business is sharply focused on growing our
core brands, maintaining consistent full-funnel
investment, and leveraging its exciting
innovation capabilities across a portfolio that
combines unique science-backed formulations
with delicious and fun format experiences
including mini chews, gummies, fast melts, and
hydration drink mixes.
Strengthening talent and engagement
We made improvements in nearly every area
this year in the Employee Engagement Survey
(EES). A strong 78% of HNC respondents
reported feeling highly engaged, a +3percentage point (p.p.) increase over last year.
Other HNC EES advances included the
important areas of trust (+6 p.p.), information
(+5 p.p.), and inclusion (+7 p.p.). This reflects
our efforts and investment in employee talent
and development, as well as the impact of our
ongoing dialogue and information sessions.
In addition to announcing Alessandre Keller as
our new Business Unit President, we also
strengthened our leadership through several
strategic appointments, including those of
Rekha Rao (Head of i-Health), Andrey
Khabakhpashev (Head of North America), and
Lisanne Verhagen (SVP, HR).

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

OUR BUSINESSES > HEALTH, NUTRITION & CARE > SUSTAINABILITY, INNOVATION, AND PARTNERSHIPS

Sustainability, innovation, and partnerships
Sustainability
Sustainability is at the core of HNC’s growth
strategy, serving our purpose, Together
elevating health. In 2025, we deepened
partnerships across the value chain to
accelerate progress on Scope 3 and broader
impact areas. We collaborate closely with our
suppliers to drive key sustainability levers, such
as transitioning to renewable energy and
implementing sustainable agricultural practices.
Our core ingredients portfolio is supported by
the Sustainability Imp’Act Card™, a tool that
provides transparent, science-based metrics
on the environmental footprint of our products
at ingredient level. It also includes data on
traceability, certifications, and social impact,
enabling customers to steer their portfolios
toward sustainable outcomes. Formally
integrating sustainability into letters of intent
and agreements reinforces the role of
sustainability as a business driver, while joint
carbon reduction journeys — such as Product
Carbon Footprint analysis — deliver measurable
results.
Highlights this year include industry-recognized
initiatives in decarbonization. A flagship
example, featured in WBCSD Business Action
Bank, showcases our low-carbon vitamin C
solution with a verified 49% lower footprint
versus mainstream alternatives, achieved
through renewable energy and process
optimization, and measured through life cycle
assessment. This earned us Bayer’s 2025

41

Procurement Supplier Decarbonization
Excellence Award, celebrating transformative
practices at our Dalry (UK) site and our role in
“setting benchmarks in the industry.” This is
described in further detail in our story.
We are also addressing evolving stakeholder
expectations on sustainability topics such as
waste management and circularity, with our
Dalry site revalorizing most of the process
waste into fertilizers or for land restoration.
Internally, regional sustainability trainings
strengthened frontline capabilities, embedding
a culture of accountability, innovation, and
measurable impact. And our GMP Food
laboratory in Kaiseraugst (Switzerland) has
achieved the My Green Lab Platinum
certification, the highest global standard for
sustainable laboratory practices, reinforcing our
leadership in environmental responsibility and
innovation.
Innovation
We advanced our leadership in strategic health
innovation areas linked to key consumer trends
and needs. We expanded our health from the
gut solutions with multiple new Humiome®
concepts comprising prebiotics, probiotics, and
postbiotics. In 2025, we continued to
accelerate the strategic shift from fish oil to our
proprietary, sustainable algal-based omega-3s
through the continued growth of the
life’s®OMEGA portfolio. We also obtained new
regulatory approvals, notably in China, for our
GLYCARE® HMO portfolio.

Key product launches in 2025 included:
•

•

•

life’s®OMEGA O2722: in China: our singlesource algal omega-3 has the same EPA-toDHA ratio naturally found in standard fish oil,
but with twice the potency. It was launched
after meeting stringent Chinese regulations
(see Leading the algal shift above in this
chapter)
Humiome® post LB: The world’s most
clinically proven postbiotic was launched in
an allergen-free form, allowing its
incorporation in tending formats like
gummies
Our pharma taste portfolio: With 14 distinct
flavor tonalities and optimized formulas to
limit number of ingredients, this portfolio is
designed to streamline the regulatory
approval process and overcome flavor
challenges from infants to adults

Biomedical certified the entire Ulteeva Purity™
portfolio as bio-based and introduced new
vibrant colors to provide contrast to white
high-strength orthopedic sutures that simplify
complex arthroscopic procedures.

Partnerships
HNC is committed to addressing major global
challenges in human health and nutrition,
recognizing that meaningful progress requires
strong partnerships built on a shared mission.
Through continuing collaborations with
organizations such as the Gates Foundation
and the World Food Programme, we are helping
to combat hunger and malnutrition among the
world’s most vulnerable populations, including
children and pregnant women.
In 2025, these efforts contributed to expanding
access to essential micronutrients for millions
of people through cost-effective, large-scale
food fortification. By incorporating high-quality,
affordable nutrients into widely consumed
staple foods, we are helping to tackle
malnutrition at its root and driving measurable
improvements in health outcomes worldwide.
See Sustainability performance and
Sustainability Statements for more information.

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > HEALTH, NUTRITION & CARE > OUR STORY

Transforming industries through
sustainable vitamin C differentiation
In November 2025, HNC was selected from 20
external nominees as the winner of Bayer’s
2025 Procurement Supplier Decarbonization
Excellence Award for our low-carbon vitamin
C production at our manufacturing site in
Dalry (Scotland).
The award recognizes dsm-firmenich as a
supplier setting industry benchmarks by
delivering measurable carbon reductions while
meeting the highest standards of quality,
reliability, and regulatory compliance. The World
Business Council for Sustainable Excellence
(WBCSD) acted as a key member of the jury,
and this recognition led to the publication of a
case study in the WBCSD Action Bank. Bayer is
one of HNC’s most important global key
accounts, and this recognition is a powerful
example of how our sustainability leadership
serves as a key differentiator, creating clear
impact, driving business value, and
strengthening our customer partnerships.
A priority for Net Zero 2045
The production of vitamin C, a critical health
ingredient, is concentrated in coal-powered
facilities in China. It is consequently one of the
most carbon-intensive ingredients in the
nutrition sector. This dependency contributes
significantly to global Scope 3 emissions for
downstream consumer health and
pharmaceutical producers.

42

More than 85% of global vitamin C volumes are
sold into human nutrition, where leading
companies such as Bayer are increasingly
prioritizing sustainability while continuing to
demand the highest levels of quality and
regulatory assurances. Recognizing this need as
the only vitamin C producer in the Western
world, with all other global capacity based in
China, HNC designated vitamin C as a priority
under our Net Zero 2045 roadmap.
A holistic approach to sustainability
Our Dalry facility in Scotland has 70 years of
vitamin C manufacturing experience, an
excellent record of long-term regulatory
compliance, and secure, traceable, resilient,
and end-to-end supply chains. In 2025, we
leveraged these unique strategic advantages to
pilot a new low-carbon production model at
the site.
The initiative involved a holistic approach to
sustainability, integrating energy, materials, and
waste management into core operations. It
achieved the same high-purity,
pharmaceutical-grade vitamin C with a
substantially lower carbon footprint and
improved supply chain resilience, supporting
Bayer’s ambitious decarbonization goals.

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

Pioneering industry transformation
The Dalry vitamin C initiative is a pioneering
industry transformation made possible by a
combination of targeted investment, the
adoption of clean energy, and wide-ranging
process innovation. Our approach integrates
multiple decarbonization levers:
•

•
•

Highly efficient energy generation through a
cogeneration plant utilizing 100% purchased
renewable electricity, with an additional
energy-greening project planned to further
reduce Scope 1 emissions
More than 90% waste reutilization,
minimizing landfill
The use of sustainable raw materials,
including GMO-free wheat sourced from
Germany and pure Scottish water

Confirmation via LCA

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

compliance. This performance data is
transparently communicated through HNC’s
Sustainability Imp’Act Card™, designed to
support informed purchasing decisions and
strengthen long-term customer relationships.
The power of partnership
Our decarbonization efforts at Dalry
demonstrate the power of partnership to
create a healthier and more sustainable future,
especially in partnership with companies like
Bayer, which are helping to lead the way.
Bayer benefits from a significant reduction in
Scope 3 emissions through the adoption of
low-carbon, pharmaceutical-grade vitamin C,
while strengthening market differentiation and
securing a reliable supply of consistently highquality vitamin C that meets the most stringent
pharmaceutical standards.

A third-party verified Life Cycle Assessment
(LCA) confirms that Dalry’s vitamin C achieved
a 49% lower carbon footprint compared with
mainstream alternatives, without compromising
pharmaceutical-grade quality or regulatory

“

Through their innovative low-carbon vitamin C, produced via a process that
combines clean energy and process innovation, dsm-firmenich is empowering
Bayer to lead industry transformation and tackle the challenges of carbonintensive production.”

Malik Akhtar

Chief Procurement Officer, Bayer Consumer Health

43

>

Our Company

OUR BUSINESSES > ANIMAL NUTRITION & HEALTH

Divestment of Animal Nutrition & Health
Our Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH) Business
Unit is a global innovation leader. It helps
customers deliver healthy animal protein
efficiently and sustainably while harnessing
the power of data to make animal farming
practices more sustainable, productive, and
transparent.
In February 2024, we announced our intention
to separate this business from the company,
having concluded that its full potential could
best be realized under a different ownership
structure. In line with our new strategy, we
repositioned the company, with its remaining
three Business Units – Perfumery & Beauty,
Taste, Texture & Health, and Health, Nutrition &
Care – to focus exclusively on nutrition, health,
and beauty.
ANH is a global provider of science-based
animal nutrition and health solutions. The
business offers products ranging from vitamins
and premixes to feed additives that improve
animal health, performance, feed efficiency, and
sustainability across livestock production. Its
solutions help producers deliver high-quality
animal protein while reducing environmental
impact.
The total ANH business represented
approximately €3.5 billion of dsm-firmenich’s
annual net sales and around €0.5 billion of the
company’s total Adjusted EBITDA in 2025.

44

The divestment
Following the announcement, the divestment of
our world-leading Animal Nutrition & Health
business occurred in two stages.
•

•

In the first stage, completed on June 2,
2025, we sold our 50% stake in the Feed
Enzymes Alliance to our partner Novonesis,
a global leader in biosolutions, for €1.5
billion, receiving approximately €1.4 billion
net in cash, after transaction costs
In the second stage, announced on
February 9, 2026, we agreed to sell our
remaining ANH business to CVC Capital
Partners for an enterprise value of about
€2.2 billion. This includes an earnout of up
to €500 million.

For ANH, this marks the beginning of a new
chapter.
ANH will be split into two new standalone
companies, both based in Kaiseraugst,
Switzerland: the “Solutions Company,” including
Performance Solutions, Premix, and Precision
Services, and the “Essential Products
Company,” including Vitamins, Carotenoids and
Aroma Ingredients (jointly referred to as the
“ANH Companies”).
These companies will continue to work closely
together, especially with regard to the vitamin
supply in the animal nutrition and health value
chain.

dsm-firmenich will retain a 20% equity stake in
each of the divested ANH Companies, in
partnership with CVC, who will own the
remaining 80%.
dsm-firmenich will also enter into a long-term
vitamins supply agreement with the Essential
Products Company to ensure continuity and
supply security for human and pet food
applications.
The transaction is expected to be completed at
the end of 2026 and is subject to conditions
including regulatory approvals, the finalization
of all required employee consultation
processes, and the creation and separation of a
standalone Essential Products Company and
standalone Solutions Company by dsmfirmenich.
We transferred our Bovaer® business to our
Taste, Texture & Health Business Unit. Our
Veramaris® business, the 50/50 joint-venture
for algae-based Omega-3, is transferred into
our Health, Nutrition & Care Business Unit.

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Company

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

OUR BUSINESSES > CORPORATE ACTIVITIES

Corporate activities
Any consolidated activities within our
continuing operations that are outside the
four Business Units are reported as corporate
activities.
Corporate activities include various holding
companies and corporate overheads. The most
significant cost elements are corporate
departments and the share-based
compensation for the company.

Insurances

Our performance

We retain a limited part of our material damage,
business interruption, (product) liability, and
other risks via a captive insurance company. In
2025, the total retained damages were €29
million (2024: €29 million).

x € million

Corporate research
We invest in a number of disruptive technology
platforms, managed by our senior science
fellows, through which we aim to create greater
differentiation in the long term.
These investments underpin early-stage
innovation projects co-funded with the relevant
business. They follow the principles of coleadership, milestone-based funding, and
assumption-based working, to provide marketready scientific breakthroughs in the future.

45

Sales
Adjusted EBITDA

2025

2024

26
(98)

52
(94)

>

Our Company

Our Performance

46

<

Our Businesses

>

Our Performance

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Financial performance
2025 at a glance

Proposal to maintain stable dividend of
€2.50 per share, adopting stable to
preferably rising dividend policy

Continuing operations compared to 2024:
Good financial performance, with strong
contribution from synergies
3% organic sales growth
Adjusted EBITDA up 5% versus 2024, when
adjusted for a 4% negative currency effect
Good step up in Adjusted EBITDA margin to
19.6% in 2025
Adjusted Gross Operating Free Cash Flow
€950 million, a 10.5% sales to cash
conversion (with a strong performance in
second half 2025)
€3.31 Core adjusted EPS from continuing
operations
€1 billion share repurchase program
completed in 2025 and new €500 million
program to be launched in Q1 2026

•
•
•
•
•

•
•

“

Well positioned for growth
From a business perspective, we made good
progress in improving the performance of our
three continuing business operations in 2025.
Our innovative solutions play a critical role in
essential, everyday consumer products,
demonstrating the strength and resilience of
our portfolio, particularly against the more
challenging macroeconomic backdrop in the
second half of the year. We are well positioned
for 2026, supported by innovation-driven
growth, continued delivery of sales synergies,
continued focus on cash generation, and
capital discipline.

Despite a more challenging macroeconomic backdrop in the second half of
2025, we delivered a good performance. We stayed disciplined in our working
capital management and operational efficiency, while remaining focused on our
strategic priorities. With our strong fundamentals, science -led capabilities, we
are well positioned to drive sustainable growth and create long-term value for all
stakeholders.”

Ralf Schmeitz

Chief Financial Officer

47

Executing our strategy

Divestment of Animal Nutrition & Health

The company is on track to achieve its midterm ambitions, including synergy delivery,
disciplined capital allocation, and strong cost,
cash, and operating working capital efficiency,
to generate sustainable value for all
stakeholders. The company’s mid-term
financial ambitions include:

On February 9, 2026, dsm-firmenich
announced it had entered into an agreement
with CVC Capital Partners to divest its Animal
Nutrition & Health business for an enterprise
value of about €2.2 billion, which includes an
earn-out of up to €500 million. This
transaction followed the sale of the Feed
Enzymes activities to Novonesis for €1.5 billion
in 2025.

•
•
•

Organic sales growth: 5-7%
Adjusted EBITDA margin: 22-23%
Cash-to-sales conversion: >10%

Delivering synergies
dsm-firmenich is on track to achieve its target
merger synergies, contributing approximately
€350 million to Adjusted EBITDA. In 2025, the
company delivered around €65 million in cost
synergies, which brings the total to €175 million
for the Group. This part of the program was
completed by the end of 2025 and is now fully
delivered.
In addition, dsm-firmenich realized around
€100 million in revenue synergies during 2025,
bringing the total to around €175 million. This
has contributed to around €60 million
Adjusted EBITDA cumulatively since the merger,
of which around €35 million was realized in
2025. The remaining €115 million Adjusted
EBITDA contribution from revenue synergies will
be realized through 2027.

Share buyback programs
In December 2025, dsm-firmenich completed
its share repurchase programs, under which it
bought back ordinary shares with an aggregate
market value of €1 billion in 2025.
The company now intends to launch a new
share repurchase program to buy back
ordinary shares with an aggregate market value
of €500 million to reduce its issued capital.
The program is planned to commence in the
first quarter of 2026. dsm-firmenich remains
fully committed to maintaining its strong
investment-grade profile.

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

OUR PERFORMANCE > FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE > FINANCIAL RESULTS

Financial results

dsm‑firmenich delivered 3% volume-led
organic sales growth, a solid performance in a
macro environment that became increasingly
challenging over the course of the year.

Income statement and key data

Perfumery & Beauty delivered a solid
performance with 3% organic sales growth.
Perfumery saw good growth, while headwinds
from sun filters in Beauty & Care subsided
through the year.
Taste, Texture & Health delivered good 4%
organic sales growth supported by synergies,
with a strong first half, while more cautious
customer behavior tempered growth in the
second half of the year.

2024
Continuing
operations

Total
Group

Change
Continuing
operations

Total
Group

Net sales
Adjusted EBITDA
EBITDA
Total expenses
Adjusted operating profit (loss)
Operating profit (loss)
Financial income and expense
Profit (loss) before income tax expense

9,034
1,772
1,657
8,323
861
711
(143)
568

12,521
2,279
2,245
13,398
1,114
(877)
(153)
(1,030)

9,054
1,751
1,572
8,507
816
547
(124)
423

12,799
2,118
1,991
12,238
926
561
(134)
427

0%
1%
5%
-2%
6%
30%
15%
34%

-2%
8%
13%
9%
20%
-256%
14%
-341%

Income tax expense
Results related to associates and joint ventures

(118)
(108)

98
(107)

(64)
-

(147)
-

Net profit (loss) for the year

342

(1,039)

359

280

530

694

589

601

798
18.2%

1,217
19.3%

Core adjusted net profit (loss)

1

887

976

Adjusted gross operating free cash flow1
Adjusted EBITDA margin (in %)

950
19.6%

Core adjusted ROCE (in %)1

11.1%

Net profit (loss) for the year
Of which attributable to non-controlling interests
Interest on hybrid bonds (equity)

342
2
26

(1,039)
42
26

359
11
28

280
30
28

Available to holders of ordinary shares

314

(1,107)

320

222

1.21

(4.27)

1.21

0.84

Net basic earnings per share (EPS)
1

1

1,185
16.5%

10.9%

Restated for comparison purposes

Net sales and Adjusted EBITDA per Business Unit

Adjusted EBITDA for the total Group including
discontinued operations was €2,279 million, up
8% when compared to 2024.
1

48

Total
Group

Adjusted net profit (loss)

Health, Nutrition & Care continued to improve,
with 3% organic sales growth, supported by
good Dietary Supplements and Early Life
Nutrition. Growth in HNC softened somewhat in
the second half due to more cautious
consumer sentiment in North America.
Adjusted EBITDA for continuing operations of
€1,772 million increased by 5% when correcting
for a negative currency effect of about 4%, with
a good step-up in margin to about 20%, owing
to continued margin improvements in Taste,
Texture & Health and Health, Nutrition & Care.

2025
Continuing
operations

x € million

2025

Net sales
2024¹

% change

2025

Adjusted EBITDA
2024¹

% change

P&B
TTH
HNC
CA

3,760
3,146
2,102
26

3,776
3,109
2,117
52

0%
1%
-1%
-50%

815
648
407
(98)

842
626
377
(94)

-3%
4%
8%
4%

21.7
20.6
19.4

22.3
20.1
17.8

Total continuing operations

9,034

9,054

0%

1,772

1,751

1%

19.6

19.3

Restated for comparison purposes

Adjusted EBITDA margin
2025
2024¹

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

OUR PERFORMANCE > FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE > NET PROFIT

Net profit

Core Adjusted net profit from continuing
operations of €887 million was down by 9%
versus 2024, which was mainly attributable
to higher tax expenses and losses on
associates.
The net profit for the total Group decreased by
€1,319 million to -€1,039 million. This decrease
was mainly a result from the increased loss
from discontinued operations of -€1,302
million, including the impairment booked on the
ANH business upon the classification to held
for sale of -€1,922 million (-€1,545 million after
tax).

Adjustments in calculating our Alternative
performance measures

Sales by business segment

Sales by destination

Adjusted EBITDA margin

Sales bridge 2025

Total adjustments from continuing operations
for the full year amounted to a loss of €188
million (2024: a loss of €230 million), consisting
of a loss in EBITDA of €115 million (including
restructuring costs of €54 million and
acquisition, divestment, or integration costs of
€45 million), impairments of €35 million,
financial expenses of €16 million, a related tax
impact of -€35 million, and other results
relating to associates of €57 million.

Core adjusted net earnings per share from
continuing operations were €3.31 in 2025
(2024: €3.54). For total dsm-firmenich, core
adjusted earnings per share increased by 7% to
€3.87 (2024: €3.61).
Financial income and expense from continuing
operations decreased by €19 million year-onyear to a net expense of €143 million. This was
mainly caused by an increase of exchange
differences by €16 million. The total effective
tax rate over taxable result 2025 for continuing
operations was 20.8% (2024: 15.1%); excluding
APM adjustments, this was 20.8% (2024: 14.9%).
As the ANH (discontinued) and HNC business in
2024 were still fully integrated in one global
statutory/legal structure, the 2024 effective tax
rate cannot be fully compared with 2025. The
2025 effective tax rate of 21% for continuing
operations is a fair reflection of the effective
tax rate for dsm-firmenich.

49

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

OUR PERFORMANCE > FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE > CASH FLOW STATEMENT

Cash flow statement
Cash provided by operating activities for the
total Group of €1,445 million mainly consists
of the EBITDA for the year (€2,245 million)
and changes in working capital of €210
million, income tax payments of €320 million,
and other changes, including gain on
disposals, totalling €270 million.

Overall, the full-year operating cash flow
decreased by €333 million. This was mainly
caused by negatively impacted working capital
changes, partly offset by an improved EBITDA.
The cash from investing activities consisted
mainly of the proceeds from disposals of
subsidiaries and businesses of €1,270 million,
partly offset by capital expenditures (-€764
million). The cash used in financing activities
included the dividend paid (-€718 million),
repayment of borrowings (-€560 million),
redemption of hybrid bonds (-€783 million),
and the repurchase of shares (-€1,181 million),
partly offset by the issuance of a corporate
bond (€750 million).
For the full cash flow statement, see the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

50

Cash flow statement
x € million

2025

2024

Cash and cash equivalents at January 1

2,667

2,456

Cash provided by operating activities
Cash from / (used in) investing activities
Cash from / (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange differences
Reclassification to held for sale

1,445
505
(2,752)
(72)
(11)

1,778
(252)
(1,334)
19
-

Cash and cash equivalents at December 31

1,782

2,667

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE > BALANCE SHEET

Balance sheet

The balance sheet total (total assets)
reached €29.3 billion at year-end (2024:
€33.7 billion). The decrease was mainly
caused by the divestment of the Feed
Enzymes business and the impairment of
€1.9 billion of the ANH business. In addition,
following the classification of the ANH
business as held for sale, the assets and
liabilities related to this business were
reclassified accordingly and presented
within other current assets and other current
liabilities at year-end 2025.
Equity decreased by €4,274 million, which was
mainly caused by a net loss for the period of
-€1,039 million (including the impairment of the
ANH business), dividend payments of
-€718 million, repurchases of shares of -€1,076
million, redemption of hybrid bonds of -€776
million, and movement in translation reserves of
-€694 million. Equity as a percentage of total
assets decreased to 63%.
Capital expenditure on intangible assets and
property, plant, and equipment amounted to
€840 million in 2025 (€764 million on a cash
basis). Including new leases, the additions to
intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment was €957 million, which is 9% higher
than the level of amortization and depreciation
excluding the impact of the merger-related
purchase price allocations (PPA) of dsmfirmenich.

51

Total working capital from continuing
operations amounted to €1,770 million
compared to €2,734 million at year-end 2024.
The decrease is mainly due to the
reclassification to assets and liabilities held for
sale of €783 million.
This represents 20.6% as a percentage of
annualized fourth-quarter 2025 sales (2024:
21.0%), attributable to improved inventory
management, partly offset by decreased
payables. Cash-wise, the operating working
capital (OWC) from continuing operations
increased by €111 million compared to last year.
The OWC percentage increased from 27.3% at
year-end 2024 to 28.8% of annualized sales at
year-end 2025 (mainly due to the lower
accounts payable).
Cash and cash equivalents came to €1,782
million; including financial investments, this
amounted to €1,903 million (2024: €2,717
million).

Balance sheet profile
2025
x € million

in %

2024
x € million

in %

Goodwill and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Other non-current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Other current assets

15,384
4,174
894
1,782
7,111

52
14
3
6
25

18,078
5,725
1,145
2,667
6,132

54
17
3
8
18

Total assets

29,345

100

33,747

100

Equity
Provisions
Other non-current liabilities
Other current liabilities

18,423
103
5,277
5,542

63
18
19

22,697
164
6,603
4,283

67
20
13

Total equity and liabilities

29,345

100

33,747

100

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > LETTER FROM OUR CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER

“We achieved some remarkable
milestones in 2025, supported by
our new Sustainability program.”
If sustainability were simply a legal
requirement, the regulatory uncertainties of
the last year could easily have knocked us off
our stride. Instead, we held our course. Not
only did we launch our new Sustainability
program; we were also awarded Climate and
Water A-scores from CDP and a Platinum
rating from EcoVadis, and we achieved our
target of 100% of purchased electricity from
renewable sources ahead of time.
The science on which we base our climate work
has not changed. The global rise in natural
disasters has simply underscored the
importance of continued emissions reductions,
and there is a renewed urgency around
adaptation. At the same time, sustainability is

“

becoming an increasingly important factor in
people’s thinking, whether for investors seeking
new opportunities, talent looking for jobs, or
consumers weighing up purchasing options.
Our response to these developments has been
to stay the course, and we have continued to
embed sustainability into our product offering
and our decision-making processes. In this
Report, you can read more about how our work
is bringing progress to life across our value
chain, and explore more detailed disclosures in
our Sustainability Statements. Both sections
demonstrate our company’s commitment to
greater transparency and to providing a fuller,
more accurate picture of our global footprint.

By focusing on the value-creation opportunities that sustainability
offers, we were able to make meaningful progress towards our targets
while also creating lasting value for our business and stakeholders.”

Katharina Stenholm
Chief Sustainability Officer

52

In 2025, our sustainability progress was recognized by a broad range of external parties.
For more information on our EcoVadis medal, please see the website.
Our plan rests on three pillars: sustainable
performance, value for customers, and impact
at scale. We are working to reduce risks and
increase our resilience, have designed our new
Sustainability program around materiality and
customer relevance, and are always looking for
ways to use our unique size, reach, and
innovation capabilities to drive impact at scale.

biggest value and impact. It identifies eight
focus areas and sets out quantifiable, timebound targets for achieving them. Among
others, these include:
•
•

People. Planet. Progress
•

Launched in 2025, our Sustainability program
‘People. Planet. Progress’ concentrates our
efforts on areas where we can create the

Climate: Lowering emissions across our
value chain
Micronutrient gap: Supporting vulnerable
communities worldwide to improve nutrition
through our products and solutions
Responsible sourcing: Embedding our
sustainability ambitions into our sourcing
criteria, to drive impact at scale and,
significantly, to increase resilience

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

You can find more information on how we have
performed against all of the targets identified in
our Sustainability program later in this section.
A focus on product-level performance
In recent years, the sustainability community
has undergone something of a strategic shift.
Lofty commitments are giving way to
something more pragmatic and action-driven.
Top-down, enterprise-level strategies are
complemented with a product-level approach
that demonstrates value externally while
building resilience internally. While the
enterprise-level data remains essential for
investors, product-level data is increasingly
valuable to customers and consumers who
want to make more informed choices.

Our CFO, Ralf Schmeitz, presenting at our 2025 ESG Investor Day in Kaiseraugst (Switzerland)

In 2025, we demonstrated some impressive
progress against our targets. Let me mention a
few key highlights.

Through a range of programs to reduce the
global micronutrient gap, acting both
independently and through our partnerships,
we have now reached 775 million people,
bringing us closer to our ambition of reaching
one billion people on an annual basis.

Our environmental performance was strong,
and we reduced our Scope 1 & 2 emissions by
31% versus 2021, representing a substantial step
forward, enabled by our energy efficiency and
renewable energy programs. Our Scope 3
emissions reduced by 23% versus 2021, driven
by deepened supplier collaboration and ecosteering as well as reduced procured volumes
compared to 2021.

Finally, under our new responsible sourcing
program for key natural ingredients, we
conducted 54 due diligence assessments and
took actions on the salient issues that were
identified, corresponding to a 48% completion
rate of the program. Further transformation
work will be required to reach our 100% target,
particularly in complex agricultural supply
chains.

Delivering on our sustainability ambitions

53

To address this, we embarked on an ambitious
digital transformation. While our Business Units
already offer market-leading product
information – for example, in the way our
EcoScent Compass®, EcoFood Compass® and
Imp’Act CardTM make sustainability
performance transparent to our customers –
we felt sustainability lacked its own end-to-end
business process. Our new “Innovate to Impact”
approach now enables us to build sustainability
objectives into our processes from the outset.
We also continued efforts to create more
efficient and industry-standardized tools for
sustainable portfolio steering, including our coleadership of a dedicated workstream at the
World Business Council for Sustainable
Development (WBCSD).
Sustainability as a team sport
At the World Sustainability Congress in
October, I was asked about organizational
enablers for sustainability. I responded that we

>

cannot leave the topic of sustainability to a
small corporate team. Genuine progress can
only occur if everyone is pulling in the same
direction. Only when the CEO, CFO, Chief
Procurement Officer, Chief HR Officer, and
other functional and business leads are all
aligned and equally engaged can sustainability
become a truly cross-functional success.
To that end, in 2025 we redoubled our efforts to
embed accountability for sustainability delivery
into all Business Units and business functions.
Our Global Sustainability Leadership Team now
acts as the connector, aligning expertise both
across our value chain and among our partners,
helping to drive impact at scale.
Building a future foundation
As we head into 2026, I am more convinced
than ever that the future of sustainability
leadership lies in grounding our work in
business reality. We have to do more to engage
internal teams and external partners. We also
need to stress the importance of actions over
words and of measuring our impact, as only
then will we demonstrate the intrinsic value of
sustainability.
Last year, we proved dsm-firmenich is already
delivering on that promise. Collaboration has
always been the key, as only together can we
make an impact at the scale necessary to
effect meaningful change. I would like to extend
my deepest thanks to all our teams, customers,
and partners for making this transformational
journey possible.
Katharina Stenholm
Chief Sustainability Officer

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM

People. Planet. Progress:
our Sustainability program
Our Sustainability program1 starts with our
company purpose of bringing progress to life,
identifies eight key focus areas, sets a series
of time-bound and quantifiable targets for
each, and then translates achieving them into
a series of actions for our Business Units
Our program aims to deliver:
•

•

•

Sustainable performance: Our sustainability
work is designed to reduce risks and increase
resilience. It helps future-proof our business
and position us as the employer, supplier, and
investment of choice.
Value for customers: By offering sustainable
solutions focused on areas based on
materiality and commercial relevance,
we drive progress with and for our
customers.
Impact at scale: We have the size,
reach, and innovation capability
to drive positive impact at
scale. As our business
grows, our positive
societal impact
grows too.

1

54

Our nature target
Our program originally included a target on
nature positive projects, which was set to be
announced in late 2025. Our nature
development project informed us this was
already addressed through a combination of
existing targets and new ambitions. As such,
the target has been removed from this
program overview. See Biodiversity and
ecosystems in Environmental information for
more information.
The UN Sustainable Development Goals
We contribute to many of the SDGs, but in
particular to SDGs 2 and 3 through the
products and solutions we provide, and to
SDG 12 in how we run our business.

The figures in this section are reported on the basis of total dsm-firmenich. ANH is material to our performance and targets. The impact of this is being investigated and will be reported at a later stage.

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM

How our focus areas are helping us to deliver for People and Planet
Promote human rights and needs
To truly thrive, people need social
fulfilment. At dsm-firmenich, that
means starting with the fundamentals: ensuring
respect for human rights across our operations
and supply chains. Through more responsible
business practices, we will not only uphold the
highest standards of human rights but also help
improve living standards across our value chain.
We believe that this all begins with paying our
own employees a living wage and ensuring
there is no gender pay gap. We then hope to
empower all of our people to thrive by fostering
a safer working environment and promoting
inclusion and belonging in our workplaces.

Fuel healthy lives
Whether it’s individual well-being
or societal prosperity, helping
people to live healthier lives requires a strong
foundation. Through our world-leading science
and research capabilities, we develop solutions
to some of the most pressing nutrition and
dietary problems. We know prevention is better
than the cure and work on everything from
addressing the micronutrient gap to
transforming diets and closing the health
longevity gap. No matter how essential our
solutions are, however, we cannot make a
positive impact unless our solutions reach
those who need them. To this end, we always
look to forge new partnerships with government
agencies, NGOs, and the private sector.

55

Nurture wellbeing
It is often the little things that make
the biggest difference. It could be a
mouthwatering meal boosting people’s mood,
or an emotion-evoking scent, but the way
people feel matters just as much as any
scientific definition of ‘health.’ Thanks to our
world-class capabilities in fragrance, taste, and
texture, we can create unforgettable sensory
experiences with a positive impact on wellbeing, personal growth, and development. We
practice what we preach by nurturing the wellbeing of our employees, fostering a culture of
mutual value, and using our Global Vitality
Office to encourage more informed choices for
a healthy lifestyle.
Foster a responsible supply chain
We are driving progress across our
value chains by joining forces with
suppliers to create sustainable value for all. We
embed sustainability into our procurement and
purchasing decision-making processes from
the start. This includes setting minimum
requirements for our suppliers and monitoring
their sustainability performance, which in turn
allows us to assess risk levels, address specific
customer requests, and respond to key supply
chain challenges. We also engage with our
procurement managers worldwide, invest in
upskilling initiatives to maximize their
knowledge of sustainable sourcing best
practices, and take part in industry coalitions to
drive impact at scale.

Design sustainable products
In the modern era, designing
sustainable products is a process
that has to combine creativity, innovation,
robust data, and AI tools. For us, sustainable
product development is not about trial-anderror but about employing a structured design
approach and leveraging cutting-edge
techniques to create products that meet the
very highest standards. We use Safe and
Sustainable by Design (SSbD) principles to
assess our impact, apply ‘end-in-mind’ thinking
to ensure that sustainability is considered from
the start, then apply design-build-test-learn
cycles through our Science & Research centers.

Accelerate climate action
Climate change is the defining
challenge of our time. At dsmfirmenich, we are determined to play our part in
tackling it within our business, value chain, and
beyond. We are making significant investments
in reducing our emissions and have set
ambitious, integrated climate targets –
validated by the Science Based Targets
initiative (SBTi) in 2024 – in line with the latest
climate science for keeping global warming to
no more than 1.5°C. Thanks to our advanced
Science & Research capabilities, we are also
supporting our customers with their own
climate journeys by providing innovative
products and tools that create impact at scale
and bring progress to life.

Safeguard nature and biodiversity
Everything on the planet depends
on nature. As a leading innovator in
health, nutrition, and beauty, we are reliant on
the biodiversity that underpins our sensory
products and bio-based solutions, both for the
inputs and ingredients we use and produce,
and for the inspiration behind our creations.
We are on a mission to safeguard nature – for
example water, biodiversity and forests – in our
high-risk value chains, working with our
suppliers and partners to find more sustainable
solutions.

Conserving our planet’s resources
Taking only what we need and
putting back what we can: that’s
our philosophy when it comes to resource
conservation. This is critical, as everything we
need to thrive, from food and water to air and
shelter, relies on our planet’s resources. To
conserve these for future generations, we are
taking actions that boost productivity, eliminate
waste, and prevent contamination. Over the
years, we have invested in water re-use,
thereby reducing the amount of water we
withdraw at our sites. Through initiatives like
these, and by optimizing our site operations
and collaborating across the value chain, we
commit to using only what we need.

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Our 2030 targets – measurable, transparent, and timebound
As part of our Sustainability program, we
have set clear, ambitious, and science‑based
targets that are to be achieved by 2030.
In 2025, we made good progress. We met our
target of paying a living wage to all employees,
as well as our Inclusion and Employee
Engagement targets. We made progress on our
targets on micronutrient gap and responsible
sourcing of key natural ingredients, as well as
our climate targets. Our climate targets are
SBTi-validated, and we aim to be net-zero by
2045.

56

>

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES

Our program activities
The activities outlined in the following pages
represent some of the practical ways we are
bringing our program to life. Each story shows
how we are translating commitments into
action, demonstrating how sustainability is
embedded across our operations, value
chains, decision-making, and culture.
Every story is categorized into one of four
areas, each grouped along the value chain:
•

•

•

•

Upstream value chain: Activities that focus
on responsible sourcing and sustainability
practices across our suppliers and partners
Own operations: Activities that address our
sustainability impacts through efficient,
responsible, and safe business practices
Downstream value chain: Activities that
support customers through sustainable
products and services that deliver positive
long-term impacts
Future foundation: Activities that show how
we are building capabilities, systems, and
partnerships to support our long-term
sustainability progress and targets

Our upstream
operations

Our own
operations

Our downstream
operations

Our future
foundation
57

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

The art and science of Scope 3 decarbonization strategies
The sustainable ripple effect: how due diligence is driving change
Cultivating a smarter human rights approach in Bulgaria’s Rose Valley

How inclusion and belonging are building a more engaged workforce
Six years of safety: transformative leadership at our Campinas site
How a forklift competition helped raise our safety skills in Kunming
Rise Together: putting inclusion and belonging into meaningful action
Why Scope 1 & 2 decarbonization is the quietly essential path to net zero

Tackling rising malnutrition and reducing the global micronutrient gap
Perfumery, beauty, biodegradability: how better ingredients are reducing our impact
Transforming global diets without compromising on taste and texture

The new currency of sustainability: how data delivers value
Our intertwining approaches to the business and natural worlds
Embedding human rights into our value chain for the long term

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR UPSTREAM OPERATIONS

The art and science of Scope 3
decarbonization strategies
Scope 3 data can sometimes feel like the
weak link in emissions reporting, leaving
companies to rely on a messy patchwork of
inconsistent or incomplete assumptions.
At dsm-firmenich, when we begin the delicate
task of piecing together our Scope 3 data, we
see it as an opportunity to transform a oncefragmented landscape into a more connected,
insightful overview. We increasingly regard
decarbonization strategies as both an art and a
science in which we have to strike a careful
balance between rigor and creativity.
The difficulties of decarbonization
To achieve the goals set out in the Paris
Agreement, companies have to start moving

“

beyond incremental change. In that context,
Scope 3 emissions, which sit largely outside an
organization’s direct control, pose a challenge.
At dsm-firmenich, we are confronting that
challenge head-on. In 2025, we set out to make
our Scope 3 program stronger, smarter and
faster, shifting our emphasis from broad
estimates to richer, activity-based data,
supported by sharper digital tools and a more
disciplined data architecture. We also
deepened our collaboration with suppliers,
using targeted outreach to secure primary data,
and updating our decarbonization roadmaps to
align the business more tightly around shared
goals. If the ‘science’ of decarbonization is our
data, the ‘art’ is in prioritization and persuading
a diverse value chain to move in step.

Progress doesn’t come from perfect data but from a system that improves
through collaboration. Data may chart the path, but engagement moves us
forward.”

Rachna Arora

Senior director Climate Programs, Sustainability

The data-based science of Scope 3
While 93% of our emissions lie beyond our
control, they are still well within our sphere of
influence. Spread over thousands of suppliers,
Scope 3 data behaves less like a static
inventory and more like a living ecosystem in
which every shift reshapes the larger picture.
The science of Scope 3 begins with ensuring
our numbers are fit for purpose. Primary data
remains the gold standard, though it requires
alignment on methods, formats, and
verification, while secondary data must be
rigorously assessed for transparency,
consistency, and comparability.
What anchors this work is the confidence that
comes from third-party assurance. By
subjecting our data, methods, and systems to
external scrutiny, we reinforce the credibility of
our disclosures and ensure that the decisions
we make are built on sound information. While
perfectionism can stall progress, our rigorous
‘data purification process’ gives us the granular,
category-level insights that turn reporting into
readiness for meaningful action.
If science is the basis, art is the bridge
With most Scope 3 emissions sitting in our
upstream value chain, our suppliers are critical

58

to success. However, when you have thousands
of suppliers at varying stages of maturity, a
one-size-fits-all approach simply doesn’t work.
This is where science can use a little bit of art.
By using data to identify where to focus our
engagement (based on emissions, climate
maturity, and business criticality), we can make
sure our efforts are efficient and effective.
While broad engagement is important if we are
to deliver against our ambitious targets, we
need to focus on rapid and scaled
decarbonization. Programs such as “Joining
Forces” exemplify this approach, offering
collaboration platforms, shared best practices,
and ongoing training, to ensure that our
suppliers understand both our technical
requirements and, importantly, the shared
purpose of decarbonization.
Bringing it all together
For us, the art and science of Scope 3 are
intertwined. The data provides the structure
and insight, but the art of engagement brings
that structure to life. Only through this
combination of rigorous analysis and humancentred engagement can meaningful carbon
reductions across the value chain be realized.

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR UPSTREAM OPERATIONS

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

The sustainable ripple effect: how
due diligence is driving change

Cultivating a smarter human rights
approach in Bulgaria’s Rose Valley

At dsm-firmenich, we have made great
strides in transforming our thinking on due
diligence and responsible sourcing. Today, it
is a key strategic driver for long-term value
creation, the effects of which are already
rippling out across our value chain.

Harvested in a valley just south of the Balkan
Mountains, the Rose Damascena flower is
hand-picked to ensure maximum freshness
and oil content on reaching the distilleries.

In 2025, we continued working to replace more
conventional strategies with a robust, fact- and
data-based approach. We are now integrating
sustainability directly into procurement
decision-making, ensuring that the right
choices create a ripple effect that protects
people, supports communities, and safeguards
natural resources, contributing to more resilient
supply chains. Aligned with international
standards and reviewed by third parties, our

“

Supply Chain Due Diligence framework is
deployed across the value chain as a
continuous journey of collaboration, learning,
and improvement. Working side by side with
suppliers, we transform insight into action and
deliver lasting impact, and whenever we
identify a salient gap, we design targeted action
plans and engage stakeholders in a collective
journey toward progress for People and Planet.
Key achievements
In 2025, we rolled out our new Due Diligence
framework (for more information, please see
Sustainability Statements), conducted 54 field
due diligences, and trained 79% of targeted
suppliers on human rights.

Our approach is coming to life in Bulgaria’s Rose Valley. Working with farmers,
pickers, suppliers, UNICEF, NGOs, administrations and more, our teams are
joining forces to drive systemic change and create a long-term, positive impact.”

Thomas Andro

Vice President, Responsible Sourcing

59

This meticulous process relies on seasonal
workers and smallholder farmers, groups that
have traditionally been at risk of exploitation. To
improve outcomes for these communities, we
used insights from our due diligence approach
to shape a practical, tailored response.
Guided by international standards, we work
with locals to take shared responsibility, close
gaps, and amplify impact. We are actively
involved in sector-wide initiatives, working with
governments, NGOs, and local communities to
protect children’s rights and help build more
secure futures.
In this project, we began by mapping the
supply chain and working with suppliers on
targeted action plans to strengthen human
rights and environmental due diligence. Working
through our Progress Foundation, we then
partnered with UNICEF, suppliers, and local
municipalities to address child labor risks in the
Rose Valley through coordinated, communitybased action.

Joining forces for systemic change
In 2025, we partnered with UNICEF to
promote responsible business,
strengthen protections for children and
improve access to social benefits for
seasonal workers’ families. We also
joined the Bulgaria Rose Working Group,
which advances responsible sourcing in
Bulgaria, guided by an industrydeveloped roadmap with Union for
Ethical BioTrade (UEBT) and supported
by advisory and remediation input from
our UNICEF partnership.

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR OWN OPERATIONS

How inclusion and belonging are
building a more engaged workforce
Sustainable innovation cannot happen in
isolation. It only emerges when different
groups of people can connect and disparate
ways of thinking and collaboration are
allowed to flourish. If people are provided
with a working environment in which they feel
trusted, then real impact can begin.
At dsm-firmenich, we view the need to engage
our workforce as more than a corporate
imperative; we see it as a pivotal driver of
progress. It is not enough to say that “inclusion
and belonging are at the heart of our culture.”
That fact has to be tested and retested each
year, with feedback sought from employees.
Our latest Employee Engagement Survey
reflects this effort an inclusion score of 71%, up
four points from last year, and an engagement
score of 80%. While these numbers are
encouraging, the real change is visible in daily
interactions: meetings enriched by diverse
perspectives, candid, constructive mentorship
conversations, and creative problem-solving
that spans geographies. These achievements
are the product of intentional programs and
everyday practices that embed engagement
into the way we work. From inclusive team
discussions to structured feedback loops, we
worked hard to cultivate an environment where
employees feel empowered to contribute,

60

challenge ideas and take ownership of their
own outcomes. It is in this combination of
culture, connection, and accountability that
engagement becomes more than a metric: it
becomes a force for sustained innovation and
shared success.
WorkTogether: where flexibility meets
belonging
At dsm-firmenich, we embrace flexibility. We
know that the way people work fuels both their
impact and their well-being. Throughout 2025,
we worked on a range of engagements to help
our employees get the most from flexible work,
including WorkTogether. Post-pandemic, there
was a big shift to hybrid working. Making that
work across a business of our size, however,
takes a deliberate effort. In 2025, our
WorkTogether program sought to codify our
global approach to hybrid working. The shared
expectation of being on-site around 60% of the
time (and being flexible the rest) strikes a
respectful balance between the drive for
collaboration and individual needs. After all,
being present matters. Hallway conversations,
impromptu brainstorming, and mentoring
sessions accelerate learning, strengthen trust,
and spark innovation. We structured
WorkTogether to make these interactions
intentional, and the result is a balance of

Employees at our manufacturing site in Princeton, New Jersey (USA)
connection and autonomy that supports both
culture and performance.
From awareness to genuine allyship
Launched during Pride Month by our Be You
Employee Resource Group, the Global Allyship
program seeks to turn awareness into action.
Developed with our employee resource groups,
it equips all of us to identify bias, advocate for
equity, and actively support colleagues from
underrepresented groups. Learning modules,
storytelling, and practical tools help us translate
intent into behavior and strengthen trust across

teams. From peer mentorship programs to
inclusion-focused innovation workshops,
allyship is taking root in our day-to-day work. It
shows that culture transformation is not only
top-down: it grows from our collective choices
and actions.
Key achievements
In 2025, we achieved an Inclusion score of 71%
and an Engagement score of 80%. We also had
over 100 participants in our Women
Acceleration Program, and elevated 630 Mental
Health Champions company-wide.

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR OWN OPERATIONS

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Six years of safety: transformative
leadership at our Campinas site

How a forklift competition helped
raise our safety skills in Kunming

At our HNC Campinas site in Brazil, safety is a
collective achievement. Leaders from
production, maintenance, and other
departments work side-by-side with the
operations team to ensure that SHE
standards are understood from the bottom
up, then applied from the top down.

The recent increase in forklift-related
incidents at our Kunming site (Yunnan
province, China) was the trigger for our site
management team to act.

This daily commitment to safety is reflected in
six years of no incidents. Campinas practices
hierarchy of controls, always focusing first on
eliminating risks. Local leadership encourages
everyone to participate in observation rounds,
Gemba Walks (a Japanese Lean management
practice whereby leaders physically go to the
real place, or Gemba, where work happens), and
audits, most of which are managed digitally for

“

ease of use. Sharing learnings from incidents at
other sites also helps foster a more proactive
approach, and engagement is recognized via
quarterly awards and celebrating achievements
together. However, this is only possible due to
an actively involved and supportive leadership,
one that embraces initiatives and encourages
growth. Being present, communicating openly,
and giving people opportunities to participate
have strengthened engagement and trust,
ultimately improving safety.
Key achievements
In 2025, we reached six years injury-free, zero
LOPC or process safety incidents, and over
1,200 SHE and Sure Start observations.

Our safety record reflects the care, discipline, and responsibility of
everyone at Campinas site. Consistent practices, strong teamwork,
and attention to detail have helped create a safer workplace for all.”

Bruno Utembergue
Site Manager, Campinas HNC

61

The challenge was to raise awareness and
knowledge about the safe use of forklifts.
Importantly, this initiative was fully aligned with
our Life Saving Rule for transport and
warehouse safety, which sets the standard for
safe practices in all logistics operations at all
dsm-firmenich sites.
To put this new process into practice, the site
management team organized a forklift
workshop and skills contest, led by colleagues
outside the Safety, Health & Environment
function. Through group discussions of real
cases and hands-on activities, everyone from
drivers to participants and the audience
became more aware of risks and motivated to
improve. By aligning our efforts with the LSRs,
we saw drivers deepen their understanding of
safe forklift operation and identify skill gaps. All
participants, including observers, became more
aware of risks and learned to recognize
potential hazards. Most importantly, the fun and
participatory activities brought colleagues
closer together, strengthening mutual care and
making safety a shared responsibility for all.

Safety first: navigating the new rules
The Kunming site’s success was built on a
whole suite of practices. These include
conducting routine inspections and
dedicated permit checks, following up on
actions, embedding safety topics in daily
meetings, learning from incidents through
root cause analysis at the shop-floor level,
recognizing safe behaviors and encouraging
group engagement with awards, and finally
organizing diverse activities to promote
learning and awareness.

>

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR OWN OPERATIONS

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Rise Together: putting inclusion and
belonging into meaningful action

Why Scope 1 & 2 decarbonization is
the quietly essentialIpath to net zero

At dsm-firmenich, we believe that building a
sustainable business means investing in the
people who lead it. Rise Together, our sixmonth leadership acceleration program, is
designed to do exactly that, putting women
at the center while engaging sponsors, line
managers, and HR Business Partners to drive
systemic change across the organization.

For all the focus on Scope 3 emissions, the
heavy lifting of decarbonization still begins at
home. Scope 1 & 2 emissions, accounting for
around a tenth of our footprint, serve as a real
proving ground for credibility, resilience, and
operational discipline.

Participants take part in Discovery Labs,
sponsorship circles, and conversations that
explore what it means to lead with identity,
influence with integrity, and transition from
performer to strategist. Each month has a new
focus, cultivating confidence and advocacy
while linking personal growth to our core values.
Rise Together is not just a classroom exercise; it

“

is a platform for building networks, challenging
assumptions, and practicing leadership in realworld contexts. Participants talked of how it
created a safe space to share experiences, ask
questions, and gain insights from peers and
senior leaders. By equipping people to lead
more inclusively and advocate for equity, the
program strengthens leadership pipelines,
accelerates cultural transformation, and
ensures that inclusion is embedded in the
thinking of tomorrow’s leaders.
Key achievements
In 2025, 100% of women reported feeling more
confident navigating their careers and 89%
were taking steps toward new opportunities.

The Rise Together program offers a unique space for women leaders to
explore experiences and questions in confidence and kindness. It also helps
create a strong network with our top management.”

Marie Ducamp

Senior Director, Palette and Formula Management TTH

62

Our pathway to net zero involves reducing our
energy demand by modernizing aging assets,
implementing more efficient technologies, and
turning to renewable energy for electricity and
heat. At several sites we are doing both, turning
to renewable energy while seeking efficiency
gains to reduce costs. Two mature technologies
(heat pumps that generate hot water, and
mechanical vapor recompressors) are being
used wherever suitable, and we are also looking
at high-temperature, steam-generating pumps
So far, these have not reached the necessary
maturity or conditions, but they may yet be a
key solution for our longer-term perspective.
Our Minhang facility (Shanghai, China) set a
great example of what is possible, installing a
pair of heat pumps in 2025 and slashing
emissions almost in half while cutting costs and
earning local goodwill. Such projects show that
decarbonization succeeds not by heroic
technological leaps but by cumulative steps.

In 2025, we hit our 100% renewable
electricity target ahead of schedule
Guided by the RE100 criteria, we achieved
this by emphasizing credible renewable
electricity across the globe. By 2024, we
had achieved 95% purchased renewable
electricity globally, and the main challenge
in 2025 was a final push to 100% in China.
Further increases in renewable energy will
focus on heat, being an even more
challenging step, requiring site-specific
approaches and eventually significant
infrastructure changes.

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR OWN OPERATIONS

Tackling rising malnutrition and
reducing the global micronutrient gap
After decades of progress, the global fight
against malnutrition has suffered a dramatic
setback. Mortality linked to undernutrition is
rising for the first time in decades, driven by
armed conflicts, climate-related disasters,
economic shocks following the COVID-19
pandemic, and global inflation.
These pressures were compounded by a sharp
reduction in humanitarian funding early in 2025,
which curtailed essential nutrition programs in
vulnerable regions. Today, an estimated 45
million children under five suffer from wasting,
while more than four billion people experience
deficiencies in essential micronutrients. The
reversal of long-held gains underscores the
urgent need for targeted, science-driven
interventions to restore health outcomes and
build resilience against future crises.

“
63

Nutrition improvement
In response, dsm-firmenich is leveraging its
Nutrition Improvement segment to address
critical micronutrient gaps, with the ambition of
reaching one billion people worldwide by 2030.
Our strategy combines the large-scale
fortification of staple foods, such as rice and
flour, with public health supplementation
programs for vulnerable populations. In
addition, we deploy emergency therapeutic
foods in crisis situations, ensuring immediate
relief while creating long-term pathways for
healthier diets. These interventions do more
than correct nutritional deficiencies; they also
shape future markets, cultivating demand for
fortified and nutrient-rich products and
supporting sustainable economic development.

Through public health supplementation and fortification, we work with
partners to deliver science‑based solutions that improve nutrition today and
unlock healthier, more economically resilient communities tomorrow.”

Doriane Nzorubara

Senior Group Sustainability Manager, Nutrition & Health

Working with the UN International Multiple
Micronutrient Antenatal Preparation
A great example of our impact is the UNIMMAP
Multiple Micronutrient Supplementation (MMS)
program. Designed to provide essential
vitamins and minerals during pregnancy, the
program addresses deficiencies that contribute
to poor birth outcomes and maternal health
complications. We played a key role in both the
development and acceleration of access to
MMS, applying our scientific expertise,
formulation knowledge, and global reach to
ensure high-quality production at scale. This
meant we could distribute to the populations
most in need, transforming maternal and child
health outcomes in multiple regions. By
combining innovation, evidence-based
strategies, and global partnerships, we are
demonstrating how science-driven
interventions can reverse trends in malnutrition,
improve diets, and establish the foundation for
healthier, more resilient populations.
Key achievements
In 2025, we reached 775 million beneficiaries
with our nutrition improvement solution, started
the development of rice fortification standards,
and received UNICEF’s approval for our MMS
production in South Africa.

Our ongoing partnership with the WFP
Supported by the Progress Foundation,
our two-decade partnership with the
World Food Programme (WFP) renewed in
2025 through to 2027. Our collaboration
targets 60 million people in 32 countries,
delivering fortified staples and specialized
nutritious foods to improve diets and
resilience in food-insecure regions.
Combining cutting-edge nutritional
science with WFP’s global reach, we are
scaling solutions to fight hidden hunger
and transform food systems worldwide.

>

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES> OUR DOWNSTREAM OPERATIONS

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Perfumery, beauty, biodegradability:
from ingredients to positive impact

Transforming global diets without
compromising on taste and texture

The scientists, perfumers, and researchers in
P&B increasingly view biodegradability as
central to reducing our environmental
impacts.

One of the more notorious challenges in diet
transformation is striking the right balance
between competing consumer demands.
People want lower sugar and salt, but not at
the expense of taste, and they gravitate to
products with higher protein, but not if the
texture is wrong.

By transitioning our ingredients, we relieve
pressure on aquatic ecosystems, support
biodiversity, and lower the risk of
bioaccumulation in sensitive species.
This is why we are integrating biodegradability
into our ingredient discovery and development
process. Each ingredient is assessed through
four key lenses – Persistence, Biodegradability,
Mobility, and EcoToxicity – using tools such as
the BioEcoTox Gate and the Sunscreen
Optimizer, ensuring that innovations meet both
market expectations and environmental
standards. This helps minimize the amount of
ingredients needed and replaces undesirable
components with biodegradable alternatives.
Through better ingredient design and
innovative development tools, we are creating
formulations that perform beautifully while
leaving a lighter mark on the planet, proving
that beauty and environmental responsibility
can go hand in hand.

64

INSERT PICTURE

popscent® eco: our most advanced
encapsulation technology
popscent® eco is biodegradable and
REACH-compliant, delivering a roughly
35% reduction in our carbon footprint
compared to previous products. Its
adoption has surged by 200%, showing
how strongly it aligns with new market
and regulatory trends. In 2025, our
newest technology, popscent® EcoMax, achieved a huge manufacturing
scale-up, which we hope will accelerate
the adoption of next-generation ecoencapsulation ranges.

At dsm-firmenich, we work with cultures,
colorants, nutritional ingredients, and plantbased proteins to deliver products that are
delicious, nutritious, and more sustainable. We
also make use of cutting-edge technological
innovations. Advanced digital tools, including AI
and machine learning, have helped us optimize
our nutritional value and taste & texture profiles
while improving shelf life, while tools like the
EcoFood Compass® work to provide more

“

transparent data on our environmental impact,
allowing us to substantiate our claims. The
impact is tangible. For example, our cocoa
replacement powder CocoaCraze™, achieves
80% lower water use, 97% lower land use, and a
90% reduction in carbon footprint compared
to traditional powder. Equally, Veramaris® Pets,
our natural marine algal oil supplement for pets,
saves 200,000 MT of wild fish, which not only
equates to preserving 3.5 billion fish annually
but also cuts emissions by 47,000 MT.
Key achievements
In 2025, we advanced our product footprint
and LCA coverage, scaled EcoFood Compass®
use, and enhanced traceability and due
diligence for high-risk natural ingredients.

With newly developed enzymes we continue to drive efficiency in food systems,
driving down resources footprint, both raw material as well as energy and CO2”

Dirk Lippits

>

Executive Vice President, Ingredient Solutions TTH

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR FUTURE FOUNDATION

The new digital currency: how data
is enabling the sustainable transition
Sustainability data is rapidly becoming one of
the most valuable strategic assets a
company can have. What began as a mere
compliance requirement can now be a real
advantage, as those who generate credible,
product-level intelligence are able to shape
markets rather than respond to them. This
moves environmental performance from a
constraint to be managed to a lever for value
creation, resilience, and growth.
Historically, sustainability performance relied on
a jumbled assortment of proxies and estimates,
usually assembled hastily and retrospectively
for disclosure or reporting purposes. No longer.
Expectations have now moved toward
precision, transparency, and decision relevance.
At dsm-firmenich, we recognized this inflection

“
65 -

point early. Our company has moved from
enterprise-level reporting toward detailed,
product-level sustainability intelligence, an
evolution that is reshaping decision-making.
Metrics that once sat at the margins now inform
portfolio steering, investment prioritization, and
operational trade-offs. Sustainability is shifting
from a retrospective reporting exercise to a
forward-looking management discipline.
The digital foundation
As the focus moves from broad commitments
to sustainable product steering, a robust digital
foundation is essential. This is why we
established our Sustainability Digital Northstar,
a comprehensive vision for sustainability digital
transformation. In essence, this is a ledger, a

In the ongoing transition to more sustainable business models, data is the new
gold standard. We increasingly see it as the currency that turns ambition into
advantage and environmental performance into trust and long-term value.”

Rouzbeh Amini

Vice President Sustainability Performance

single, trusted, end-to-end system that
captures and connects data across the value
chain with architecture underpinned by a stateof-the-art Sustainability Data and AI strategy.

and assurance-ready data management will
form the backbone of non-financial reporting,
double materiality assessments, and regulatory
alignment.

Here, enterprise-wide data governance and a
unified source of truth ensure consistency,
auditability, and decision-ready insights. Rather
than fragmented datasets for individual
functions, we are building an integrated system
that aligns sustainability intelligence with
financial and operational data, strengthening
both credibility and strategic relevance.

Data as credibility

Harnessing AI innovation
At the core of the Digital Northstar is an AIenabled sustainability information system that
curates metrics, insights, and evidence. Over
time, this will be complemented by decision
cockpits that allow leaders to track progress
against targets and make better steering
decisions. Advanced data capabilities will
support end-to-end accounting for Scope 3
emissions while digital management reporting
will enhance transparency across climate,
health, nutrition, and social impact indicators.
Automated supplier intelligence will improve
traceability, risk management, and compliance
with regulations such as the EU Deforestation
Regulation, while scalable product footprinting

Data separates substantiated leadership from
unsubstantiated claims. Granular, reliable
information enables confident decision-making
and ensures that sustainability commitments
are credible, auditable, and trusted by
stakeholders. Critically, robust data
infrastructure transforms sustainability from a
perceived cost into a value driver, enabling new
commercial models and competitive
differentiation.
The challenge and the opportunity
Our progress accelerated dramatically in 2025.
Teams were upskilled in data management and
AI applications, Scope 3 methodologies were
modernized, product carbon footprinting was
scaled, and executive reporting now tracks
monthly progress against sustainability targets.
Challenges remain, particularly fragmentation
across systems and processes, yet as of 2025
we are well on our way toward moving from
retrospective reporting to proactive steering
and smarter portfolio decisions.

Our Businesses

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > OUR ACTIVITIES > OUR FUTURE FOUNDATION

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Our intertwining approaches to the
business and natural worlds

Embedding human rights into our
value chain for the long term

We are often asked what nature means for us
as a business. Increasingly, this is not a fringe
concern but a core strategic challenge, as our
performance, resilience, and long-term
growth are inseparable from the health of
natural systems across our value chain.

Respect for human rights is a foundational
element of our Sustainability program and a
strategic priority across our value chain.
Our commitment goes far beyond international
standards. It reflects a fundamental belief that
responsible business practices are essential to
building trust, safeguarding resilience, and
creating shared value for People and Planet.

Put plainly, the business world affects the
natural world, and vice-versa. This is why our
approach to nature is such an important part of
our business strategy. It focuses on tackling
critical nature-related challenges across four
key areas, and works to address our nature
impacts across our business. These include:
•

•

•
•

Our own operations: We increase water
efficiency and reduce water pollution
(nitrogen and phosphorous)
Our upstream value chain: Our responsible
sourcing process reflects the importance of
nature through supplier qualification and
our due-diligence activities at source
Our products: We work to improve the
biodegradability of our washable products
At landscape level: Our commitment to
work at landscape level is designed to
deliver impact at scale for water and
biodiversity both beyond our operations
and in our value chains

66 -

Our approach to nature
While nature impacts from our own
operations are within our direct control,
our products and sourced raw materials
allow us to extend our positive impact
across the value chain. Working at
landscape level further enables impact
at scale on water and biodiversity,
supporting long-term water availability,
quality, and ecosystem health. For a
more detailed version, please see our
Sustainability Statements.

Achieving this requires a clear understanding of
where our activities may pose risks, so in 2025,
we conducted a global human rights risk
assessment. Aligned with the UN Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights and
the OECD Guidelines, it examined our activities
through a geographic, sectoral, and operational
lens. Risks were prioritized based on the
severity of potential harm and the likelihood of
impact on rightsholders.
We identified key risks within our own
operations, including working conditions,
discrimination, freedom of association,
collective bargaining, and environmental
degradation with human rights implications. In
the supply chain, child labor and forced labor
emerged as additional risks.

Our annual Human Rights Report
The report, which you can find here,
outlines our commitment to human rights
across our operations and supply chains.
It details our policies, due diligence
frameworks, engagement programs, and
initiatives on child labor, fair wages, and
worker protection. We will publish an
updated report in 2026, which will
highlight our progress on audits, training,
and collaborations, while also emphasizing
transparency, grievance mechanisms, and
compliance with global legislation.

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

OUR PERFORMANCE > SUSTAINABILITY > RATINGS AND RANKINGS

Our ratings and rankings
Sustainability is an overarching goal of ours,
but we also like to think about it in material
terms. This is reflected by our inclusion in
several key environmental, social, and
governance (ESG) benchmarks and ratings,
many of which rate us as a (sector) leader.

CDP

ISS

We secured a Double A rating for Climate and
for Water Security for our disclosures in 2025
on the reporting year 2024, placing us in the
top 4% of companies scored by CDP globally.

Given the number of benchmarks, participating
in each isn’t feasible, so we annually review and
prioritize participation. In 2025, our priorities
and outcomes were as follows:

EcoVadis

We were assessed at the end of the year with a
low-risk rating from ISS QualityScore. ISS ESG
reconfirmed dsm-firmenich as ‘Prime’
according to its rating methodology. Our rating
of B- puts us in the top decile relative to our
industry group.

We received a Platinum medal from EcoVadis in
January 2026 on our 2025 performance. This
rating places us in the top 1% of all companies
assessed by EcoVadis in the past 12 months.
Bloomberg
Bloomberg rated us as Leading on the three
dimensions of Environment, Social and
Governance.
FTSE4Good
dsm-firmenich is a constituent of the
FTSE4Good Index, which is designed to
measure the performance of companies
demonstrating specific ESG practices.

67

MSCI
MSCI rated us as ‘AA’, highlighting above
industry average performances on governance,
product carbon footprint, and water stress
practices.
S&P Global CSA
We received an ESG score of 59 from S&P
Global, an improvement of 12 points versus
2024.

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

OUR PERFORMANCE > QUALITY

Quality

Quality is a key differentiator for business
growth. It is every customer’s right and every
employee’s responsibility, as well as a shared
commitment across every role and function.
We apply this philosophy to each individual
customer transaction and to everything that
underpins them. Our goal is to be the partner of
choice for our customers, understanding their
needs and delivering on their expectations in a
close collaborative relationship. With this goal,
we embrace all the possibilities of crossfunctional collaboration to deliver excellence
and drive continuous improvement.
Our Quality strategy
Our Quality strategy is anchored in a
comprehensive governance model comprising
guiding principles, requirements, standards, and
procedures that direct quality at both the
Group and Business Unit level. The practices
required to implement these are set out in our
quality management system governance
documents, including the management
principles, operational requirements, standards,
and standard operating procedures.
The theory and practice of our strategy are
captured in our Quality Policy and Quality
Essentials. Our entire approach supports our
purpose and values and is governed by our
Code of Business Ethics.

Our Group Quality strategy – Quality Management System

68

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Quality at Group level

Our core Quality principles

Celebrating World Quality Day 2025

Our Quality vision, policy and Group-wide
quality management system exist to ensure
customer satisfaction, Quality compliance, and
Group-wide Quality risk management. Quality
requirements in key areas such as supply and
procurement, design and innovation,
production, distribution, and customer
requirements are defined at this level. The
Group provides shared expertise in fields such
as product protection, digitalization, and any
other quality-related topics, benefiting the
company as a whole. External certifications
such as ISO and FSSC are managed at this level,
as is the management of Group key
performance indicators.

Our Executive Committee, management and
employees are fully committed to our policy
and act in accordance with our four principles:

For three consecutive years, we have
celebrated World Quality Day. The theme for
World Quality Day in 2025 was “Cultural
Transformation Through Thinking Differently.”
We developed this theme to help our
colleagues understand how we all have a role in
maintaining and improving quality by
embracing four essential behavioral elements:

•

•

Quality at Business Unit level
Our Business Units interface directly with our
customers and are therefore responsible for
managing all customer-related quality
activities. The Business Units conduct global
activities within their own organization, ensure
performance against external certification
standards, and manage both Group Quality
policies and Quality priorities specific to their
own organization.

•

•

Together, Group and Business Unit Quality form
the Quality Leadership Team, and they oversee
and support Quality operations at site level. By
means of key cultural transformation initiatives
such as the Quality Awards, campaigns and
celebrations, we create one quality community
that is fully committed to our core quality
principles and delivering our ambition to be the
partner of choice for our customers.

69

Quality culture: We foster an environment
that emphasizes how quality and product
protection are every customer’s right and
every employee’s responsibility. We strive
for operational excellence and zero defects,
empower employees to identify and initiate
ideas to improve our processes and take
action to protect customers and our planet
High standards: We comply with all local and
international laws, follow relevant market
standards for quality, food and feed safety,
fraud, and defense. We maintain
pharmaceutical and cosmetic good
manufacturing practices and religious
business management practices (Halal,
Kosher)
Crafted with care: We take pride in creating,
manufacturing, and delivering safe products.
We use state-of-the-art tools, processes,
and an effective integrated end-to-end
quality management system to ensure our
products and services meet the highest
standards
Continuous improvement: We actively seek
customer feedback and use this to help us
improve. We drive sustainable quality
performance by establishing and monitoring
measurable quality objectives to improve
and prevent quality defects continually. We
pursue excellence in execution

•
•
•
•

Mindset shift
Empowerment
Innovation in quality
Leadership

The dsm-firmenich Quality Awards 2025
We celebrated our second consecutive dsmfirmenich Quality Awards in 2025. This initiative
stimulated great efforts in creative problemsolving, generating 36 entries. The winning sites
were Tuas (Singapore), Thirsk (UK), and a
combination of premix sites in Latin America.
The winning initiatives demonstrated that
consistently keeping quality at front of mind in
daily activities can significantly enhance our
performance.

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

OUR PERFORMANCE > DATA GOVERNANCE AND AI

Data governance and AI
Data governance

Artificial intelligence (AI)

Data governance is a cornerstone of our digital
transformation strategy, and we work to ensure
data remains secure, reliable, and valuable
across the organization, via our data foundation
program. In 2025, we advanced several policies
and standards to strengthen our governance
framework, defining roles and responsibilities,
establishing taxonomies, and setting quality
benchmarks to ensure consistency and
compliance across domains. In parallel, we
continued to evolve and rationalize our data
ecosystem so that data can flow seamlessly
and securely across the company as products
of business processes, while still supporting
ongoing and new analytics, AI, and innovation.

AI is pivotal to transforming how we operate,
compete, and create value, enabling better
decision-making and greater operational agility.
We believe our scale, internal data, and talent
provide an excellent foundation for AI to drive
innovation and efficiency. Our strategy embeds
AI into the company’s priority processes -like
product creation- to deliver measurable
business outcomes.

Governance, oversight and engagement
In 2025, we enhanced our Responsible AI policy
by establishing a dedicated Responsible AI
committee to oversee governance,
transparency, and ethical conduct. It manages
risk assessments, compliance, and
development procedures. Our Data and AI
Standards clarify roles, guide buy-vs-build
decisions, and support teams in delivering
scalable solutions. We also engage employees,
customers, and partners to address concerns
related to AI deployment. Through transparent
reporting and ongoing dialogue, we assess
impacts on sustainability, human rights, and
ethical conduct, supporting long-term value
creation.

70

However, the pace of advancement, evolving
regulations, and growing ethical concerns
around AI pose operational and reputational
risks to our business.
Our four AI focus areas

Risk identification and mitigation
We have implemented a comprehensive plan to
address AI-related risks, including bias.
Updated frameworks and practices strengthen
accountability and ensure systems operate
securely, ethically, and reliably while enabling
ambitious use-case development. In response
to these challenges, we are also modernizing
our technology infrastructure (for agentic AI)
and addressing competition for AI talent
through targeted investments, in key locations.
Employee adoption remains a key change
management challenge. We continue to create
material supported by training, workshops and
awareness initiatives to promote responsible
and effective AI use. This means that as

employees explore the opportunities and
limitations presented by AI, they will become
more effective owners and users of digital
solutions, which will drive increased adoption
and deliver improved business value.
Our AI focus
We envision AI supercharging our business
across four key areas:
•
•
•
•

Customer focus
Innovation in product development
Operational efficiency
Empowerment of employees

Business Unit impact
For P&B, TTH, and HNC, our AI tools helped
match the most suitable product to the
customer’s specific requirements. AI also aided
in the processes of formulation development
and evidence generation for all three Business
Units. P&B and TTH additionally saw benefits
from AI use in ingredient discovery and
customer care, while P&B was aided with
inventory optimization. Finally, our companywide AI program, ‘We Are Superhumans’, is
already delivering benefits, and is described in
further detail on the following page.

Our Businesses

AI-driven formula generation

Our strategy for 2026

Innovation in product development is central to
our strategy, and the introduction of our AIdriven formula generation assistant exemplifies
this commitment. By leveraging advanced
algorithms, our creators are now able to
generate provisional perfume and flavor
formulas tailored to specific criteria,
streamlining the formulation process and
freeing up valuable time for the creative and
strategic aspects of their work.

Looking ahead, we aim to accelerate impact
and capture business value using AI through the
following steps:
•

•

This initiative not only enhances productivity
within our teams but also accelerates the
delivery of new products to market, supporting
both operational efficiency and sales growth.
Finally, it underscores our focus on harnessing
technology to drive value and maintaining our
competitive edge.
AI-powered sensory description
Operational excellence is reinforced by our AIpowered sensory description service, which
instantly provides comprehensive and
standardized sensory profiles for new formulas.
By automating what was previously a manual
and time-intensive task, this service ensures
consistency and accuracy in product
descriptions, creating a single source of truth
across the organization. The result is a more
efficient workflow for creators and teams,
supporting faster communication and decisionmaking while upholding the highest standards
of quality.

71

•

•

Focus and build on our learnings: We will
continue prioritizing use cases that provide
value and allow us to continue to build an
all-encompassing foundation. Our end-goal
is to consolidate a single AI inventory to
avoid fragmentation and double spend
Anchor our foundations: We will continue to
invest in AI enablers: data, tech, internal
talent, and change management
Scale the ‘We are Superhuman’ campaign:
We will prioritize existing change
management and adoption plans to move
from ‘experiments’ to ‘business as usual,’
embedding a culture of innovation across
the business in a responsible manner
Prepare for the future: We will continue to
develop our thought leadership in AI
application and will accelerate building the
right partnership in the AI space, ultimately
reinforcing our data competences and
expanding our AI strategy in a continuous
manner

As this strategy matures, we aim to further
embed AI across our business processes in
innovative new ways, combining our existing
scientific expertise with cutting-edge AI
technologies to enable more robust,
sustainable, and value-generating solutions. Our
objective is to progress beyond combining
solutions for specific individual purposes to the
creation of a fully integrated process landscape
that comprehensively supports our employees
with their decision-making.

<

Our Performance

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Superhuman progress in 2025
In March 2025, we were proud to launch our new ‘We Are Superhuman’ campaign.
“We are Superhuman" is all about promoting responsible AI adoption. The goal is to
help employees be faster, smarter, and more empowered at work, while also shaping
a working environment where humanity is seamlessly integrated with technology. All
employees now have access to Copilot Chat, a secure, enterprise-grade alternative
to ChatGPT, and for advanced users we also offer Copilot Pro, which can be used as
an AI assistant to boost productivity. Across the year, we saw a fantastic take-up.

>

Our Businesses

<

Our Performance

Governance,
Risk Management,
and Business Ethics

72

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

Governance framework
Our commitment to good corporate
governance ensures transparency,
accountability, and trustworthiness. It also
drives our long-term objective of creating
value along the triple bottom line of
economic performance, environmental
quality, and social responsibility.

Preliminary remarks
DSM-Firmenich AG is a company constituted
under Swiss law whose shares are listed on the
Amsterdam Stock Exchange (Euronext
Amsterdam).
As a Swiss company, the key applicable
governance requirements to DSM-Firmenich
AG (also referred to as the ‘Company’) are the
Swiss Code of Obligations (CO) and the
standards established by the Swiss Code of
Best Practice for Corporate Governance.
Due to its listing on Euronext Amsterdam, the
Company is subject to the EU Market Abuse
Regulation, the Dutch Financial Supervision Act,
and the relevant reporting requirements of the
Dutch Decree on Transparency. The SIX
Directive on ‘Information relating to Corporate
Governance’ does not apply, as the Company is
not listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
Governance framework
The Company’s internal corporate governance
framework is based on its Articles of
Association. The Organizational Regulations of
the Board of Directors, its Committees, and the
Executive Committee (the ‘Board Regulations’)
further clarify the duties, powers, and
regulations of the governing bodies of the
Company.

73

Our governance framework
The Board of Directors (also referred to as the
'Board') has established four Committees: the
Audit & Risk Committee, the Sustainability
Committee, the Compensation Committee, and
the Governance & Nomination Committee..
These Committees assist the Board of
Directors in its work. The duties and functioning
of the Committees are laid down in Committee
Charters. Except where otherwise provided by
law, the Articles of Association, and the Board
Regulations, all aspects of management are fully
delegated by the Board of Directors to the CEO
and the Executive Committee, with the power
to further sub-delegate.

>

Compensation

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > GROUP STRUCTURE, CAPITAL STRUCTURE, AND SHARES

Group structure, capital structure, and shares
Group structure

Capital structure

DSM-Firmenich AG and Group companies

Share capital

DSM-Firmenich AG is the parent company of
the dsm-firmenich Group (the ‘Group’ or ‘dsmfirmenich’). DSM-Firmenich AG is a company
incorporated under Swiss law with its registered
office at Wurmisweg 576, 4303 Kaiseraugst,
Switzerland. The Group’s operating businesses
are organized into four Business Units:
Perfumery & Beauty; Taste, Texture & Health;
Health, Nutrition & Care; and Animal Nutrition &
Health. The principal subsidiaries of the Group
are shown in Note 3 Investments to the Parent
Company Financial Statements. The Company
does not have any publicly listed subsidiaries.

As at December 31, 2025, the share capital of
DSM-Firmenich AG amounted to
€2,656,763.88, divided into 265,676,388 fully
paid-up registered shares with a par value of
€0.01 each. In addition, the Company has a
conditional capital of €132,838.19
(corresponding to 13,283,819 registered shares
with a par value of €0.01 each) for employee
benefit plans and equity-linked financing
instruments.

Significant shareholders
Shareholdings of 3% or more in the Company
must be disclosed to the Dutch Authority for
the Financial Markets (AFM). Information about
substantial holdings and gross short positions
of shares can be found here.
Cross-shareholdings
As at December 31, 2025, DSM-Firmenich AG
had no cross-shareholdings.

Capital band and share buyback program
On May 6, 2025, the Annual General Meeting
adopted an amendment of the capital band
provision in the Articles of Association
authorizing the Board of Directors to conduct
one or more capital increases and decreases at
any time until May 6, 2030 within an upper limit
of €2,922,440.26 (corresponding to
292,244,026 registered shares with a par value
of €0.01) and a lower limit of €2,391,087.50
(corresponding to 239,108,750 registered
shares with a par value of €0.01), as well as to
introduce a limitation for dilutive share capital
increases.
For a description of the terms and conditions of
the issuance of conditional and capital
increases/reductions under the capital band,
please refer to Articles 3a, 3b, 3c, and 3d of the
Articles of Association.

74

This authorization will be used to reduce the
capital following the implementation of the
Company’s share buyback program announced
on February 13, 2025 and completed on
December 2, 2025, with a total number of
shares repurchased under this program of
12,930,796 shares at an average price of €83.51
and for a total consideration of €1.08 billion. Of
the total, 881,355 shares have been
repurchased to cover commitments under the
Group’s share-based compensation plans, and
12,049,441 shares have been repurchased for
capital reduction purposes.
Listing
Shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam under
the symbol DSFIR (ISIN CH1216478797). In the
US, a sponsored unlisted American Depositary
Receipts (ADR) program is offered by Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas under the
symbol DR (ISIN US7802491081), with four ADRs
representing the value of one share.
Multi-deposit structure
The shares have a multi-deposit structure in
which they are deposited in the central security
depositories (CSDs) of both the Netherlands
and Switzerland.
This means that the shares can be held either
via Euroclear Nederland (‘Euronext shares’; ISIN
CH1216478797) or via the Company’s share
register at SIX SIS in Switzerland (‘SIX SIS
shares’; ISIN CH1267772122). The shares are

traded on Euronext Amsterdam. Settlement of
the shares is possible through the facilities of
Euroclear Nederland.
SIX SIS shares can be exchanged into Euronext
shares and vice-versa at any time. If requested
by a shareholder, the Company facilitates,
through ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Corporate Broking
& Issuer Services (email: contact.dsmfirmenich@nl.abnamro.com, telephone +31 20
6286070), the transfer of their shares from the
facilities of Euroclear Nederland to the facilities
of SIX SIS, and vice versa. Shareholders wishing
to do so should contact their custodian bank or
broker, which must contact ABN AMRO, to
effect such transfers.
Changes in capital
There were no changes to the Company’s share
capital in 2025. As announced on December 2,
2025, the Company intends to cancel
12,049,441 shares in the first quarter of 2026.
This cancellation will reduce the number of
issued shares by c. 4.5% from 265,676,388
shares to 253,626,947 shares following the
share buyback program. For more information
see our website.
Convertible bonds and options
There are no bonds, warrants, options, or other
securities granting rights to shares other than
options and share units (PSUs and RSUs)
granted under the equity-based participation
plan for employees.

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT & BUSINESS ETHICS > GROUP STRUCTURE, CAPITAL STRUCTURE, AND SHARES > DIVIDEND AND SHARE PRICE

Dividend and share price
Dividend

Share price development

On May 6, 2025, the Annual General Meeting of
DSM-Firmenich AG adopted the proposal for a
dividend payment of €2.50 per ordinary share.
The dividend was paid on May 16, 2025,
partially (57.5%) out of capital contribution
reserves and partially (42.5%) out of available
earnings.

Price change in %

Share price
dsm-firmenich shares fell 29.1% in 2025 (STOXX
Europe 600 Chemicals Index: -6.3%). The
highest price was €107.40 (on February 14,
2025), and the lowest was €67.06 (on
December 9, 2025). Throughout 2025,
sentiment across the Consumer Ingredients
sector remained subdued, with customer
sentiment becoming more cautious due to
geopolitical concerns, among other things. As
investors rotated toward other sectors,
including military and artificial intelligence,
valuation multiples across the consumer
ingredients group declined significantly from
the levels seen in recent years, leaving the
sector trading closer to ten-year average
forward price-to-earnings levels. Against this
backdrop, dsm-firmenich’s share price
performance was largely shaped by broader
sector dynamics, alongside company-specific
factors such as the ANH exit process. Investors
generally adopted a wait-and-see stance,
resulting in relative underperformance during
much of 2025 before trading broadly in line
with peers.

75

Geographical spread of shares outstanding
in %
Switzerland
North America
Continental Europe
UK & Ireland
Netherlands
Rest of World

2025

2024

36
24
19
11
8
2

36
23
23
10
6
2

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The dsm-firmenich Board of Directors
Composition
According to our Articles of Association and
Board Regulations, the Board of Directors is
composed of between nine and 12 nonexecutive Members, save in extraordinary
circumstances.
Term and election
Members of the Board and the Chairman are
elected by the Annual General Meeting (AGM)
on an individual basis for one year, ending with
the conclusion of the next AGM. Re-election is
permitted. According to Board Regulations, a
member's mandate is a maximum of 10 years.
Unless terminated earlier, a member’s mandate
automatically terminates on the date of the
AGM called to approve the accounts for the
financial year in which such member has
reached the age of 70. These limits support our
commitment to renew the Board on an ongoing
basis, in line with international best practice.
At the AGM in May 2025, 11 members of the
Board were re-elected for one year until the
2026 AGM. Thomas Leysen was re-elected as
Chairman.
As at December 31, 2025, the Board of
Directors has 11 members.
The dsm-firmenich Board of Directors.
From left to right: Frits van Paasschen, Carla Mahieu, Erica Mann, John Ramsay, André Pometta, Corien Wortmann,
Richard Ridinger, Patrick Firmenich, Thomas Leysen, Dr. Sze Cotte-Tan and Dr. Antoine Firmenich

76

Compensation

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Board of Directors

•
•
•
•

•

77

Nationality & Year of Birth: Belgian, 1960
Education: Master’s in Law, KU Leuven
(Belgium)
Listed Company Boards: Umicore: NonExecutive Chair of the Supervisory Board
Non-Listed Company Boards:
Mediahuis: Non-Executive Chair of the
Board
Other Memberships: Myriad USA and
Myriad Canada, Chair of the Foundation;
Mayer van den Bergh Museum, Chair of
the Board of Trustees; World Wildlife
Fund (WWF) Belgium, Chair of the Board

Thomas Leysen

Patrick Firmenich

Chairman of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Compensation Committee

Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Chair of the Governance & Nomination Committee

Thomas Leysen has spent a large part of his career at
Umicore, which was transformed under his leadership
from a metals producer to a materials technology
group with leading positions in battery materials,
automotive catalysts, and precious metals recycling.
He was CEO of the company until 2008, after which
he became Chairman of the Board of Directors. He has
been Chairman of the Board of Mediahuis, a European
media company, since its formation in 2013. He has
long been committed to the promotion of sustainable
development, and was the founding Chair of The Shift,
a coalition of businesses and non-governmental
organizations in Belgium. He was Chairman of the
Federation of Enterprises in Belgium from 2008 to
2011.

Patrick Firmenich served as CEO of Firmenich, the
world’s largest privately owned fragrance and taste
company, from 2002 to 2014. He served as Chairman
of the Firmenich Board from 2016 to 2023, when DSM
and Firmenich merged. Throughout his tenure at
Firmenich, he demonstrated his entrepreneurial
leadership by significantly advancing Firmenich’s
global position by means of organic as well as
inorganic growth; he also greatly enhanced the
organization’s responsiveness to client needs and the
market environment. He sustained Firmenich’s
significant investment in R&D and its legacy of gamechanging technologies while developing an ambitious
sustainability strategy for the company, which led to
the company achieving world-class Health, Safety &
Environmental performance. Patrick Firmenich first
joined Firmenich in 1990 and spent a decade
successfully leading the strategic development of the
company’s International Fine Fragrance business in
New York and Paris before being appointed to the
Executive Committee in 1999. He was a member of the
Board of Jacobs Holding AG until 2023 and a member
of the Board of INSEAD and of the INSEAD World
Foundation until 2025. In 2020, he won the EY
Entrepreneur of the Year™ Switzerland award for
Family Business.

Between 2011 and 2020, Thomas Leysen was Chairman
of the Board of KBC Group, a banking and insurance
group with activities mainly in Belgium, Central Europe,
and Ireland. He was appointed a Member of the
Supervisory Board of Royal DSM N.V. in 2020 and
served as its Chair from 2021 to 2023, when DSM and
Firmenich merged.

•
•

•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Swiss, 1962
Education: Master’s in Law, University of
Geneva (Switzerland), Admitted to Geneva
Bar; MBA, INSEAD, Fontainebleau (France)
Listed Company Boards: UBS AG: NonExecutive Director

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Board of Directors
Dr. Sze Cotte-Tan

Dr. Antoine Firmenich

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Sustainability Committee

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Chair of the Sustainability Committee
Member of the Audit & Risk Committee

Sze Cotte-Tan has more than 30 years' industry
experience in food and nutrition, spanning Asia
Pacific, Europe and North America. She is currently
Executive Director of the Singapore Institute of Food
and Biotechnology, A*STAR Research Entities, a
public research organization under the Ministry of
Trade and Industry. She is also an adjunct Professor
at the Singapore Institute of Technology.

•
•

•

78

Nationality & Year of Birth: Singaporean,
1969
Education: Ph.D. in Food Sciences,
University of Leeds (UK); MBA, Simon
Business School, University of Rochester
(USA)
Non-Listed Company Boards:
Foodplant Pte Ltd, Non-Executive Chair;
Clay Capital, Member of the Advisory
Committee

Her last executive role in the industry was Executive
Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of CJ
Cheil Jedang, a South Korean food and
biotechnology conglomerate, in which she played a
pivotal role in expanding the company’s innovation
footprint globally, transforming R&D into a strategic
growth driver. Prior to this, Sze Cotte-Tan held
several roles in Nestlé, including Centre Director of
R&D, Singapore, and R&D Director in strategic
business units for nutrition and healthcare in Vevey,
Switzerland. A food scientist by training, Sze CotteTan brings a wealth of experience in R&D leadership,
innovation management and public-private
partnerships across government, academia and
industry.

Antoine Firmenich has been CEO and Managing
Director of Aquilus Pte Ltd in Singapore since 2008.
He is a founding partner of Alatus Capital, a value
investment management firm, which has worked
over the past decade and a half with a number of
preeminent global foundations, pension funds,
endowments, and discerning long-term investors.

•
•

•

•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Swiss, 1965
Education: Bachelor of Science in Life
Sciences, MIT (USA); Ph.D. in
Biochemistry, Stanford University School
of Medicine (USA); MBA, Stanford
University Graduate School of Business
(USA)
Non-Listed Company Boards: Aquilus
Pte Ltd (Singapore), Managing Director;
Aquilius Management Ltd (Bermuda),
Executive Director; Alatus Capital, CoFounder and Non-Executive Director
Other Memberships: Stanford
Interdisciplinary Lifesciences Council
(SILC), Nominated Member; MAC3,
Managing Director

Over the past 16 years, he has been increasingly
involved in sustainability and climate issues,
supporting basic research projects on several
continents, and driving high-impact investment and
policy initiatives centered on health and education
as well as the long-term health of oceans and
coastal ecosystems. Antoine Firmenich was
appointed Board Member of Firmenich in 2009, a
position he held until 2023, when DSM and
Firmenich merged. He has served on a number of
other corporate boards, including SIX-listed Nobel
Biocare, the world’s largest dental implant and digital
dentistry company (since then taken over by
Danaher).

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Board of Directors

•
•
•
•

•

79

Nationality & Year of Birth: Dutch, 1959
Education: Master’s in Economics,
University of Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Listed Company Boards: Arcadis, NonExecutive Director
Non-Listed Company Boards: Vodafone
Ziggo Group B.V. Netherlands, NonExecutive Director; CVC DIF Capital
Partners B.V., Non-Executive Director
Other Memberships: Stichting
Continuiteit Post NL, Board Member;
Priority Foundation of Arcadis, Board
Member

Carla Mahieu

Erica Mann

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Chair of the Compensation Committee
Member of the Governance & Nomination
Committee

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Sustainability Committee
Member of the Governance & Nomination
Committee

Carla Mahieu was appointed to Aegon’s global
Management Board in 2016 and served as its
Executive Vice-President and Global Head of Human
Resources until 2021. Prior to this, she was Philips’
Senior Vice President Corporate Human Resource
Management and worked for Spencer Stuart as
Director, Consultant, and Principal.

Erica Mann has over 30 years’ experience in roles of
increasing responsibility across the healthcare
industry. She is a former Executive Board Member of
Bayer AG (DAX) and former CEO and Global President
of Bayer’s Consumer Health Division. She was the first
woman in the company’s 150-year history to be
appointed to Bayer’s Management Board. She is a true
global citizen who has lived and worked on four
continents and has deep experience in emerging
markets and extracting strategy from trends with a
strong focus on culture and risk management. Erica
Mann was the first woman to serve as Chair of the
World Self Medication Industry Association, the global
association for the over-the-counter drug industry.
She was a Member of the Supervisory Board of Royal
DSM N.V. during a four-year tenure, until DSM and
Firmenich merged in 2023, and served on the Board of
the Perrigo Company from 2019 to 2024. In 2024, she
was appointed Non-Executive Director of ALS Ltd, a
company providing testing, inspection, certification
and verification services globally. Furthermore, in
March 2025, Erica Mann was appointed NonExecutive Director of Kenvue Inc., a global health and
wellness company. Following Mars’s acquisition of
Kellanova, she stepped down as Non‑Executive
Director of Kellanova in December 2025. She was
listed in Fortune’s ‘Most Powerful Women International’
both in 2016 (ranked #40) and 2017 (ranked #36).

Carla Mahieu started her career with Shell in 1984,
where she worked for 15 years and held various
management positions within Human Resources,
Communications, and Corporate Strategy. She has
served as Non-Executive Director of the Koninklijke
BAM Groep and of the Duisenberg School of Finance
(Netherlands). She was a Member of the Supervisory
Board of Royal DSM N.V. during a two-year tenure, until
DSM and Firmenich merged in 2023. Carla Mahieu
currently serves as Non-Executive Director at the
Supervisory Boards of Arcadis, Vodafone Ziggo Group
B.V. Netherlands, and CVC DIF Capital Partners B.V.

•
•

•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Australian,
1958
Education: ND Analytical Chemistry,
Tshwane University of Technology
(South Africa); Marketing Management,
Damelin College (South Africa)
Listed Company Boards: Kellanova
(formerly The Kellogg Company)
(stepped down in December 2025),
Non-Executive Director; ALS Ltd, NonExecutive Director; Kenvue Inc.; NonExecutive Director (since March 2025)

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Board of Directors
Frits van Paasschen

André Pometta

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Audit & Risk Committee
Member of the Compensation Committee

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Compensation Committee

After spending the first years of his career in
management consulting with the Boston Consulting
Group and McKinsey & Co, Frits van Paasschen joined
Disney Consumer Products and later Nike. He held
numerous positions at Nike, including President of the
Americas and later President of EMEA.

•
•

•

•

80

Nationality & Year of Birth:
Dutch/American, 1961
Education: Bachelor of Arts in
Economics and Biology, Amherst College
(USA); MBA, Harvard Business School
(USA)
Listed Company Boards: Williams
Sonoma, Non-Executive Director;
Amadeus IT Group, Non-Executive
Director
Non-Listed Company Boards: Another
Star (formerly citizenM Hotels). NonExecutive Director; JCrew Group, NonExecutive Director

Frits van Paasschen then became the CEO of Coors
Brewing Company. His last executive position held was
CEO of Starwood Hotels and Resorts. In January 2017,
he published ‘The Disruptor’s Feast’, subtitled: ‘How to
avoid being devoured in today’s rapidly changing
global economy.’ He is CEO and Founder of the
Disruptor’s Feast Advisory. He was a Member of the
Supervisory Board of Royal DSM N.V. during a six-year
tenure, until DSM and Firmenich merged in 2023.

•
•

•

•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Swiss, 1965
Education: Bachelor of Science in
Economics, HEC Lausanne
(Switzerland)
Non-Listed Company Boards: White
Lobster, Non-Executive Director; Noyb
SA (+ Affiliates), Non-Executive
Director
Other Memberships: Fondation Salle à
Manger, Member of the Board (since
July 2025) – pro bono

André Pometta started his career with the Zuellig
Group in Manila (Philippines) holding positions in sales,
marketing, and operations. He joined Firmenich in 1997
in the Fragrance division and spent most of his career
working for customers in Southeast Asia, the Middle
East, North Africa, Eastern Europe, and China. He led
and implemented strategies that delivered significant
growth with local and global customers in emerging
markets. He was appointed President of Firmenich
China in 2008 and was a member of Firmenich’s
Flavor Executive Team until 2013. He played an active
role in restructuring the Flavor division, building a
culture of customer- and consumer-centricity, and
was instrumental in establishing China as its own
independent region within the organization. He was a
member of the Board of Directors during a 20-year
tenure, until DSM and Firmenich merged in 2023. He
was also a Board Member of Sentarom SA (the Family
holding company of the Firmenich Group) and served
at its Chairman from 2021 to 2023. Currently, he
advises a select group of international entrepreneurs
and senior executives and is working on projects to
promote affordable housing in Switzerland. In July
2025, he was appointed as Member of the Board of
Fondation Salle à Manger; an NGO focused on
promoting, supporting, and developing projects for the
guidance, training, and integration of young people
experiencing difficulties in their educational or
professional lives.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Board of Directors
John Ramsay

Richard Ridinger

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee

Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Governance & Nomination
Committee

John Ramsay started his career at KPMG before
entering the corporate world in 1984, when he joined
ICI. He held several, increasingly senior, accounting
and finance positions within ICI, which would later
become AstraZeneca. He played a leading role in
planning and executing the merger of AstraZeneca’s
agribusiness with Novartis, including the integration
and disposal of various businesses post-merger.

•
•
•

81

Nationality & Year of Birth: British,
1957
Education: Chartered Accountant
Listed Company Boards: RHI
Magnesita N.V, Non-Executive
Director; Croda International PLC,
Non-Executive Director (until March
1, 2025); Babcock International PLC,
Non-Executive Director

John Ramsay also played a leading role in the
formation and stock exchange listing of the Syngenta
business and became its Group Controller in 2001. In
that role, he had to build up the group’s finance
function from scratch, establishing the organization
and reporting systems after the IPO. His last executive
position was as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and
Interim CEO of Syngenta AG, which he held until 2016.
He has served as Non-Executive Board Member of
G4S and was a Member of the Supervisory Board of
Royal DSM N.V. during a six-year tenure, until DSM and
Firmenich merged in 2023.

•
•

•
•

Nationality & Year of Birth: German,
1958
Education: Master’s in Chemical
Engineering, University of Karlsruhe
(Germany)
Listed Company Boards: Brenntag SE,
Chair of the Supervisory Board
Non-Listed Company Boards:
Recipharm AB, Chairman of the Board;
Novo Holdings, Member of the Advisory
Board

Richard Ridinger has extensive experience in
science-driven organizations. His most recent role
was as the CEO of Lonza, a global leader in Life
Sciences, which he held until 2019. In this position,
he strengthened Lonza’s market position in relevant
markets and drove competitive capabilities and
productivity improvement in critical areas. Prior to
becoming CEO at Lonza, he was responsible for Care
Chemicals, the largest group at Cognis, a former
division of Henkel, with approximately 3,000
employees.
As a trained chemical engineer, Richard Ridinger’s
experience spans process development, production
management, product and marketing management,
leading global business units, and responsibility for
leading a worldwide specialty chemicals group. He
currently serves as Chair of the Supervisory Board
of Brenntag SE. Richard Ridinger has also served as
Chairman of the Advisory Committee of Zentiva, and
Board Member of Evolva Holding AG and SHL
Medical AG. He was a Member of the Board of
Firmenich during a seven-year tenure, until DSM and
Firmenich merged in 2023.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Board of Directors
Nominated Directors

Corien Wortmann
Member of the Board of Directors
(first elected in 2023)
Member of the Sustainability Committee
Member of the Audit & Risk Committee

•
•

•
•

•

82

Nationality & Year of Birth: Dutch, 1959
Education: Master’s in Political Science
and Economics, Vrije Universiteit
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Listed Company Boards: Aegon Ltd,
Non-Executive Vice-Chair of the Board
Non-listed Company Boards: Deloitte
Netherlands, Vice-Chair of the
Supervisory Board
Other Memberships: Netspar, Chair of
the Supervisory Board; Koninklijke
Hollandsche Maatschappij der
Wetenschappen, Member; Planet Bio,
Member of the Supervisory Board

Corien Wortmann served as Chair of the Board of ABP
Pension Fund, a world leader in responsible investing,
from 2015 to 2022. She was a Member of the
European Parliament for the European People’s Party
(EPP) from 2004 to 2014, and the EPP’s Vice President
Economy, Finance and Environment. She is currently a
Non-Executive Member and Vice Chair of the Board of
Directors of Aegon Ltd, a Member and Vice Chair of
the Supervisory Board of Deloitte Netherlands, and
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Netspar, a scientific
network on pensions.
She has served as Chair of the Supervisory Board of
Save the Children (Netherlands), as Jury Member of
the Business Woman of the Year Prize at Veuve
Clicquot, and as Co-Chair of the European High Level
Expert Group Next CMU. She was a Member of the
Supervisory Board of Royal DSM N.V. for a two-year
tenure until DSM and Firmenich merged in 2023. She
was a member of the Capital Markets Advisory Board
of the Dutch Financial Markets Authority until 2024.

‘Nominated Directors’ are those Members of
the Board of Directors who are nominated by a
Firmenich Shareholder (as such term is defined
in Article 4.4. of the Articles of Association) in
accordance with the terms of Article 18 of the
Articles of Association. Any Firmenich
Shareholder, whether alone or together with
other Firmenich Shareholders, holding 8.5% or
more of the Company's issued share capital,
shall have the right to nominate for election one
Member to the Board of Directors, provided
that only such persons shall be nominated who
have the appropriate expertise, skills and
reputation for such a mandate as verified by
the Governance & Nomination Committee.
Any Firmenich Shareholder, whether alone or
together with other Firmenich Shareholders,
holding 17% or more of the Company's issued
share capital, has the right to nominate two
Members for the Board of Directors. These
nomination rights are for a maximum of three
Nominated Directors in total. As at December
31, 2025, the Nominated Directors are Patrick
Firmenich and Antoine Firmenich.

>

Compensation

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > COMPOSITION > INDEPENDENCE, DIVERSITY, AND SKILLS

Independence, diversity, and skills of the Board of Directors
Independence
Article 3.2 of the Board Regulations outlines the
independence criteria, which require a majority
of the Board to be non-executive and
independent. An Independent Director is
defined as:
The Member has never been a Member of
the Executive Committee, or else was a
Member of the Executive Committee more
than three years ago
The Member has never served as lead
auditor of the Group’s external auditor, or
else served as the lead auditor more than
two years ago
The Member does not have significant
business relationships with the Group
Nominated and former Nominated Directors
are not regarded as Independent Directors

•

•

•
•

As at December 31, eight are Independent
Directors and three (Patrick Firmenich, Antoine
Firmenich, and André Pometta) are not
regarded as Independent Directors. All
Members of the Board are non-executive.

Diversity profile of the Board of Directors
The composition in terms of gender and age is shown in the charts below.

Diversity
The Board prioritizes and embraces diversity.
Diversity of gender, age, nationality, ethnicity,
experience, background, and thought are key
factors in its success and effectiveness. The
Board comprises seven men and four women.
Three Members are Swiss, two are Dutch, one
German, one Dutch-American, one British, one
Singaporean, one Australian, and one Belgian.
Diversity is a critical area of focus and a key
criterion for selecting and nominating new
Members of the Board and the Executive
Committee. For detailed information on their
backgrounds, please see our website and
Composition of the Board of Directors.

37%
female

45%
above 65

63%
male

55%
age 50-65

Age profile

Gender profile

Skills
Thomas
Leysen

Patrick
Firmenich

Sze
Cotte-Tan

Antoine
Firmenich

Carla
Mahieu

Erica
Mann

Frits van
Paasschen

André
Pometta

John
Ramsay

Richard
Ridinger

Corien
Wortmann

dsm-firmenich business
Finance & audit/accounting
Sustainability/ESG
R&D






































Operations & manufacturing
Sales & marketing
HR management, incl. compensation
Data/digital/cybersecurity
Risk management/compliance/legal
Public affairs

































Skills

83

































>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > OVERVIEW

Overview of the Board of Directors
Succession planning
The Governance & Nomination Committee
ensures effective succession plans for the
Board of Directors, CEO, and Executive
Committee. Candidates who meet the criteria
are interviewed by the Board of Directors, and
the Governance & Nomination Committee
makes a recommendation to the full Board of
Directors, who decide on the appointments,
subject to the powers of the General Meeting
to elect the Members of the Board of Directors.
Conflict of interest and permitted external
mandates
Pursuant to the Board Regulations, any Member
of the Board of Directors or of the Executive
Committee who believes that he or she has a
conflict of interest, or that there is potential for
such a conflict, must discuss the matter with
the Chairman of the Board of Directors (or, for
Executive Committee Members, with the CEO
in consultation with the Chairman), who then
proposes to the Board of Directors a solution
appropriate to the intensity of the conflict of
interest.
According to Article 22 of the Articles of
Association, a Member of the Board of
Directors shall hold no more than: 1) up to four
mandates in listed firms; and 2) up to four
mandates in non-listed firms. A Member of the
Executive Committee shall hold no more than:
1) one mandate in listed firms; and 2) up to
three mandates in non-listed firms. A ‘mandate’

84

means any membership in the Board of
Directors, the executive management or the
Advisory Board, or any comparable function
under foreign law, of a firm with an economic
purpose. Mandates in the Company or any
entity controlled by, or controlling, the
Company, shall not be deemed to be a
mandate for purposes of Article 22 of the
Articles of Association. Article 1.6 of the Board
Regulations determines that a Chair position in
a publicly listed company is equivalent to two
mandates.
The Governance & Nomination Committee
annually reviews the number of mandates held
by the Board of Directors and Executive
Committee Members.
Evaluation of the Board of Directors
The Board conducts a self-assessment once a
year, covering topics including Board
composition, interaction between the Board of
Directors and the Executive Committee, and
team effectiveness. The self-assessment
exercise is led by the Governance &
Nomination Committee, and the outcome is
shared with the Board of Directors.
According to Article 3.11 of the Board
Regulations, the Board performs a complete
review of its performance on a three-year
cycle. Such a complete review is planned to
commence in 2026 and will be conducted with
an independent external consultant.

The role of the Board of Directors and its
Committees

principal duties of the Board of Directors
include:

The Board of Directors is our highest executive
oversight body. It resolves on all business
matters which are not reserved to Shareholders
by law or by the Articles of Association.

•

In accordance with Article 20 of the Articles of
Association, the Board of Directors may
establish one or more Board Committees to
assist the Board of Directors in preparing
certain decisions in the areas of its
competence. The Board of Directors has
established four Committees: the Audit & Risk
Committee, the Sustainability Committee, the
Compensation Committee, and the
Governance & Nomination Committee.

•

•

•

•

•

Other than the authority of the Audit & Risk
Committee to approve the financial trading
updates of the first and third financial quarters,
the Board of Directors has not delegated
decision-making authority to the Committees.
From time to time, the Board of Directors may
establish sub-committees to focus on
important strategic projects or matters
requiring closer Board attention.

•
•

•
•

Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
Principal duties
In accordance with Swiss law, the Articles of
Association, and the Board Regulations, the

•

The ultimate direction and strategy of the
Company and Group and determining the
Company and Group’s organization
The overall structuring of the accounting
system, financial controls, and planning
The appointment and dismissal of those
persons to whom management is delegated
The supervision of persons to whom
management of the Company is delegated,
especially with a view to their compliance
with the law
The compilation of the Integrated Annual
Report (financial and non-financial) and
other reports that are subject to mandatory
approval by the Board of Directors
The preparation of the Shareholder’s Annual
General Meeting and the implementation of
its resolutions
All decisions relating to the ascertainment
of changes in capital
Filing a motion for debt-restructuring
moratorium and notifying the courts in the
event of over-indebtedness
Regular review of the Group’s culture
Decisions on the budget, the setting of
financial targets, the definition of the
Group’s capital structure, and the annual
investment budget
Consideration of, and approval of,
recommendations made by the Board
Committees

Our Performance

Stakeholder management
In performing its duties, the Board acts in
accordance with the interests of the Company
and its stakeholders.
The Chairman of the Board is in regular close
contact with the CEO, as is the Chair of the
Audit & Risk Committee with the CFO.
Furthermore, the Board regularly interacts with
members of the Executive Committee, who
regularly attend Board meetings. Direct, oneto-one contact between Board members and
Executive Committee members generally
follows naturally from topics discussed in the
meetings of the Board. These discussions draw
on the expertise of individual Board members,
whose advice is sought on a wide range of
specialist topics as required.
The Board regularly receives information on
relevant topics from senior leaders and experts
in the Company during Committee meetings,
full Board meetings and site visits. During its
annual site visit, the Board actively takes the
opportunity to interact with employees.
Number of meetings
The Board of Directors held ten meetings in
2025. These included six regular meetings (in
February, June, July, October, and December,
plus a constitutional meeting in May) plus four
additional special meetings to deal with
specific topics.

and Committee meetings can be found in the
table Meeting attendance.
Board Committees typically meet the day prior
to regular Board of Director meetings (see also
Meeting attendance).
Performance duties
The Board performs its duties with respect to
both recurring standard agenda items for Board
meetings and specific topics that become
relevant at any given point in time.
In 2025, the Board continued to scrutinize
quality, safety, and compliance matters at every
meeting. Other prominent recurring agenda
items the Board dealt in detail with include
updates on business performance, research
and development, financials, treasury and
investor relations topics. The Board tracked the
Company’s financial performance, approved
the annual Finance Plan, and was updated on
capital market expectations. In 2025, the Board
also discussed and approved the Company’s
share buy-back program (completed on
December 2, 2025) and the stock dividend.
The Board also reviewed and approved the key
strategic topics, including the transaction
underlying the sale of each of the Feed
Enzymes and ANH businesses. The Board also
tracked the progress of the Company’s cyber
security program as well as the Company’s
performance on ESG topics.

85

Visits in 2025
In 2025, the Board visited dsm-firmenich’s
business operations in Shanghai, China. The
visit deepened the Board’s knowledge of dsmfirmenich’s business and innovation, as well as

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

consumer trends in China. In particular, the
Board visited the S&R center in Minhang
(Shanghai), and the TTH Taste plant in
Zhangjiagang (Jiangsu province). A central
theme of the visit was the Board’s interactions
with employees at all levels of the organization.
Individual Members of the Board have the
opportunity to visit Company operations
around the world in the context of other travel
commitments.
Audit & Risk Committee
According to the Board Regulations and the
Audit & Risk Committee Charter, the Audit &
Risk Committee must be chaired by an
Independent Director. The Committee must be
composed of at least three Members of the
Board of Directors, of whom one is a Nominated
Director. The principal duties of the Audit &
Risk Committee include:
•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•

There was also one additional meeting in 2025
for which the decision-making had been
delegated by the Board to the Chairman of the
Board of Directors and the Chair of the Audit &
Risk Committee, both of whom attended that
meeting. Information on attendance of Board

<

Reviewing the financial statements of the
Company and the Group
Reviewing the effectiveness of internal
controls over financial reporting
Reviewing and evaluating internal controls in
order to ensure integrity and accuracy of
the Company’s non-financial reporting
Approving the release of the Group’s Q1 and
Q3 results to the market
Reviewing the final interim reports
Reviewing the Company’s capital structure
Making the annual dividend proposal to the
Board of Directors
Overseeing the external auditors that audit
the Company’s financial statements and
provide assurance on the non-financial
report and reviewing their performance and
independence, making recommendations
on the appointment, re-appointment, or
removal of the external auditor for the

•
•

•

>

Compensation

>

attention of the Board of Directors
(regarding the election of such auditor at
the Annual General Meeting)
Reviewing periodic reports of the Group
Audit function
Reviewing the Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) framework and significant risks and
related mitigation plans
Reviewing the process for monitoring
compliance within the Group of the Code of
Business Ethics

Sustainability Committee
According to the Board Regulations and
Sustainability Committee Charter, the
Sustainability Committee is chaired by an
Independent Director or a Nominated Director.
The Committee must be composed of at least
three Members of the Board, of whom one is a
Nominated Director. Their principal duties
include:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Reviewing the Company’s sustainability
strategy and goals
Defining and periodically reviewing the
Company’s sustainability metrics
Reviewing the Company’s non-financial
reporting obligations
Reviewing the Company’s sustainability
performance against peer groups
Reviewing regulatory developments relating
to sustainability
Ensuring the interests of the relevant
stakeholders are included in the Company’s
strategy, targets, and policies

Our Performance

Compensation Committee

Governance & Nomination Committee

In accordance with Swiss law and the Articles
of Association, Members of the Compensation
Committee are appointed by the General
Meeting. According to Board Regulations and
the Compensation Committee Charter, the
Compensation Committee must be chaired by
an Independent Director or the Chairman of the
Board. The Compensation Committee is
composed of at least three Members, including
one Nominated Director. Their principal duties
include:

According to the Board Regulations and the
Governance & Nomination Committee Charter,
as long as at least two Nominated Directors are
on the Board of Directors, the Governance &
Nomination Committee is chaired by a
Nominated Director. The Committee is
composed of at least three Members, including
one Nominated Director. The principal duties of
the Governance & Nomination Committee
include:
•

•

•
•

•

•

•
•

86

Developing a compensation strategy in line
with the principles described in the Articles
of Association
Reviewing the principles and design of short
and Long-Term Incentive (LTI)/equity plans
Proposing to the Board the aggregate
maximum compensation for the Board and
the Executive Committee, for approval by
the General Meeting
Periodically reviewing the level of Board and
Executive Committee compensation against
peer groups
Reviewing and proposing to the Board the
target total direct compensation levels and
the mix of compensation for the CEO and
the Executive Committee Members
Proposing specific incentive targets to the
Board of Directors
Reviewing the annual performance results
against targets and recommending the
compensation of Executive Committee
Members to the Board for approval

•

•
•
•

•

•

Periodically reviewing the Articles of
Association, Board Regulations and
Committee Charters and recommending
changes to the Board of Directors for the
purpose of fostering good corporate
governance and Shareholders’ rights
Annually reviewing external mandates held
by the Board of Directors and Executive
Committee Members to ensure compliance
with Article 22 of the Articles of Association
Supporting the Board in evaluating the
Board of Directors’ performance
Reviewing the composition and size of the
Board to ensure the right level of diversity
Preparing and maintaining a succession
plan for the Chairman of the Board and the
CEO
Receiving nominations for Nominated
Directors and assessing each application to
determine if the applicant meets the
requirements (appropriate expertise, skills,
and reputation)
Making recommendations to the Board of
Directors for the appointment and/or
dismissal of Members of the Executive
Committee; assessing and recommending
to the Board of Directors whether Members
of the Board should stand for re-election

•

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Periodically reviewing the independent
status of all Board of Directors and
Executive Committee Members and any
resulting disclosure requirement

>

Compensation

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

Meeting attendance

Audit & Risk Committee (ARC)

Number of meetings held

10

8

4

4

4

Number of Members

11

4

4

4

4

Meeting attendance in %

96

97

100

94

100

Thomas Leysen (Chair BoD)

10

-

-

3

-

Patrick Firmenich (Vice-Chair BoD and Chair GNC)

10

-

-

-

4

Sze Cotte-Tan

10

-

4

-

-

Antoine Firmenich (Chair SC)

10

8

4

-

-

Erica Mann

9

-

4

-

4

Carla Mahieu (Chair CC)

10

-

-

4

4

Frits van Paasschen

9

8

-

4

André Pometta

10

-

-

4

-

John Ramsay (Chair ARC)

10

8

-

-

-

Richard Ridinger

8

-

-

-

4

Corien Wortmann

10

7

4

-

--

Average length of meetings in hours (regular)

5-6

1.9

1.7

1.3

1

87

Sustainability Committee (SC) Compensation Committee (CC)

Governance & Nomination
Committee (GNC)

Board of Directors (BoD)

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD OF DIRECTORS > CHAIRMAN

Chairman of the Board of Directors
The Chairman of the Board of Directors is
appointed by the General Meeting. Among his
duties, the Chairman:
•

•

•

•

•
•

•

Organizes the affairs of the Board and
ensures the Company moves forward with
its strategic objectives
Maintains regular and frequent contact with
the CEO as well as other Executive
Committee Members and reviews with the
CEO the major strategic projects before
submission to the Board of Directors
Where appropriate and/or requested,
supports the CEO in participating in, and
giving input to, public relations activities
and contacts with the authorities
Reviews actual and potential conflicts of
interest a Board Member may have and
proposes to the Board how the conflict
should be handled
Liaises with the Vice-Chair of the Board and
keeps him apprised of key issues
Without delay, communicates to the Board
any information that may have a significant
impact on the Group strategy
In the event of extraordinary events of high
urgency, orders immediate measures

powers of the Board of Directors reserved by
law (in particular Article 716a CO), the Articles
of Association and the Board Regulations. The
CEO organizes the Executive Committee and
sets the responsibility of each Executive
Committee Member.
Information and control instruments vis-àvis the Executive Committee
To ensure the Board of Directors is fully
informed about all matters that materially
impact dsm-firmenich, it has at its disposal an
information and controls system that includes
the following instruments:
•

Delegation of management
In accordance with Article 20.2 of the Articles
of Association and Article 4 of the Board
Regulations, the Board of Directors delegates
the management of the Company and the
Group to the CEO and the Executive
Committee Members, within and subject to the

88

•

•

The Board of Directors is, at each of its
regular meetings, informed on material
matters involving the Group’s business and
on the latest available consolidated financial
results. The entire Executive Committee is
regularly invited to attend the Board’s
meetings to report on current
developments, significant projects, and
events. Selected senior managers are
regularly invited to attend Board meetings
to report on areas of the business for which
they are responsible. During the meetings,
the CEO, Executive Committee, and senior
management answer all requests for
information by the Board about any matter
concerning the Group that is transacted
At each of its regular meetings, the Board
receives updates from Quality and Safety, in
alternation

•

•

•

•

•

The Board of Directors visits at least one
dsm-firmenich country operation per year,
during which visit Members of the Board
meet members of senior local management.
Members of the Board are also invited to
visit country operations when travelling, so
that they can meet local and regional senior
management and gain first-hand
information on local and regional
developments
The Chairman has regular meetings with the
CEO and may request information on any
matter relating to dsm-firmenich. The
Chairman receives the minutes of the
Executive Committee meetings. The CEO
informs the Chairman immediately of any
extraordinary event
The Chairman has a standing invitation to all
Committee meetings and is present in all
Committee meetings
The CEO attends all Committee meetings;
Committee meetings are also attended by
Executive Committee Members and
members of the senior management
All Members of the Board have access to
the minutes and materials of the
Committee meetings
In preparation of each Board of Directors
and Board Committee meeting, the
Members receive information and reports
from the Executive Committee and
members of senior management via a
secure electronic sharing system

Additional information and control instruments
include dsm-firmenich’s internal audit function,

named Group Audit. The mission of Group
Audit is to enhance and protect organizational
value by providing risk-based and objective
assurance, advice, and insight. The scope of
internal audit activities encompasses, but is not
limited to, objective examinations of evidence
for the purpose of providing independent
assessments on the adequacy and
effectiveness of governance, risk management,
and control processes for the Group.
Findings are communicated in the form of an
internal audit report, which is shared with the
Executive Committee and the Audit & Risk
Committee. The Audit & Risk Committee
reviews and monitors management’s
responsiveness to internal audit findings and
recommendations. The head of Group Audit
reports administratively to the CFO and has a
functional reporting line to the Chair of the
Audit & Risk Committee. He regularly meets
with the Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee
for interim updates.
Furthermore, dsm-firmenich has an internal risk
management process, focused on identifying
and managing risks and opportunities in all
areas of strategic, operational, financial,
regulatory, legal and compliance risks, including
those linked to climate change. The material
risks are reported to the Audit & Risk
Committee and the Board of Directors twice
annually. For more detail, please refer to Our
approach to risk management.

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

The dsm-firmenich Executive Committee
Composition
The CEO organizes the Executive Committee
and allocates the responsibilities of each
Executive Committee Member. The Members of
the Executive Committee are appointed by the
Board of Directors on the recommendation of
the CEO following evaluation by the Chairman
and the Governance & Nomination Committee.

The dsm-firmenich Executive Committee.
From left to right: Laetitia Pictet, Alessandre Keller, Dimitri de Vreeze, Emmanuel Butstraen, Mieke Van de Capelle
Ralf Schmeitz, Maurizio Clementi, Dr. Sarah Reisinger, Philip Eykerman

89

Compensation

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

The dsm-firmenich Executive Committee
Changes to the Executive Committee
Laetitia Pictet was appointed Chief Legal, Risk
and Compliance Officer with effect from May 1,
2025. She succeeded Jane Sinclair, who retired
on the same date following a distinguished
career of nearly a decade with the company.
On September 1, 2025, the Company
announced changes to the Executive
Committee to shape the future as a consumerfocused company. Alessandre Keller joined on
September 22, 2025, and was appointed
Business Unit President of Health, Nutrition &
Care with effect from January 1, 2026. He
succeeded Philip Eykerman, who transitioned
into the role of Chief Strategy, M&A, and
Transformation Officer while continuing as a
Member of the Executive Committee.
Furthermore, Maurizio Clementi was appointed
Business Unit President of Taste, Texture &
Health with effect from January 1, 2026,
following Patrick Niels’ retirement after a
distinguished career of 34 years with the
Company. On October 1, 2025, Ivo Lansbergen
stepped down from the Executive Committee
to focus on leading Animal Nutrition & Health
through the carve-out. Finally, on January 14,
2026, the Company announced the
appointment of Nikeisha van Sleeuwen as Chief
Human Resources Officer with effect from April
1, 2026. She will succeed Mieke Van de Capelle,
who will retire on the same date following a
distinguished career of ten years with the
company.

90

At December 31, 2025, the Executive
Committee was composed of eight Members;
as of January 1, 2026, it consists of nine
Members.
Responsibilities

Executive Committee diversity profile
The composition of the Executive Committee in
terms of gender and age at December 31, 2025
is shown in the charts below:

In accordance with Article 4.3 of the Board
Regulations, the responsibilities of the
Executive Committee include:
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•

•
•
•

Ensuring Group unity and cohesion
Managing the Group resources (including
human, financial, and intellectual capital)
Presenting strategies to the Board of
Directors for approval
Driving business development and
achieving strategic plans
Presenting to the Board the consolidated
results with a report on the Group business
Submitting to the Board of Directors the
annual budget of expenditures and
investments for approval
Communicating relevant updates
appropriately to the Board of Directors
Organizing proper information-sharing
inside and outside the Company
Proposing to the Board the appropriate
organizational model to achieve the Group’s
objectives set by the Board of Directors
Proposing to the Compensation Committee
remuneration policies and plans
Ensuring compliance with law and the Code
of Business Ethics
Pursuing leadership in sustainability and
implementing the strategy and goals

12.5%
below 50

62.5%
male

37.5%
female

50%
above 55
37.5%
50-55

Gender profile

Age profile

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Executive Committee

•
•

91

Nationality & Year of Birth: Dutch, 1967
Education: Master’s in Business
Economics, University of Groningen
(Netherlands); Master’s in Finance and
Control, Maastricht University
(Netherlands)

Dimitri de Vreeze

Emmanuel Butstraen

Chief Executive Officer (since 2023)

Chief Operations Officer (since 2024) and Business
Unit President Perfumery & Beauty (since 2023)

Dimitri de Vreeze has held the position of CEO of
dsm-firmenich since September 2023. Under his
leadership, the company has made great strides to
establish itself as a global leader in nutrition, health,
and beauty, able to help customers deliver what
consumers want, what we collectively need, and
what our planet demands. Previously, he served as
the former DSM’s Co-CEO from 2020, having joined
the company in 1990. Starting in Finance, he took on
leadership roles in various Business Units around the
world before being named Young Captain of the Year
in the Netherlands in 2006. He was appointed to
DSM’s Managing Board in 2013 and was instrumental
in setting DSM’s strategy and executing its
transformation journey to a fully focused health,
nutrition, and bioscience company.
He chairs the Young Captain Foundation, awarding
and elevating young leadership potential, and is also
the Chair of the ALV United World College
Maastricht, bringing together young people from all
directions of life to work together toward a peaceful
and sustainable future.

•
•

Nationality & Year of Birth: French,
1968
Education: Master’s in Agricultural
Engineering, University of Lille
(France); MBA, University of Lille
(France)

Emmanuel Butstraen was appointed President of
dsm-firmenich’s Perfumery & Beauty Business Unit in
July 2023. In addition, he was appointed Chief
Operating Officer of dsm-firmenich in May 2024. He
has played an instrumental role in bringing together
the formerly separate four units of Perfumery,
Ingredients, Operations, and Beauty & Care, defining
the operating model, pushing accountability and
empowerment, building strong customer connections
and trust, steering differentiation through creation &
innovation, and building long-term strategy while
executing on roadmap and performance delivery. Prior
to this, Emmanuel was the Chief Integration Officer,
designing and implementing the operating model of
the newly created dsm-firmenich while securing the
conditions to detail and deliver the merger synergies.
Before the merger, he served as the President of
Firmenich’s Taste & Beyond Business Unit (2018-2022)
and drove the business’s transformation to become
the global innovation partner of choice to the food &
beverage industry, leading growth across the Group’s
three segments: Beverages, Sweet Goods, and Savory.
Creating winning solutions for customers with a focus
on enhanced well-being, Emmanuel put Firmenich’s
expertise to work – making healthier choices taste
great, from sugar and salt reduction to plant proteins,
clean-label offerings, and functional nutrition
solutions. Prior to joining Firmenich, Emmanuel was
the President of Solvay’s Novecare global Business
Unit, preceded by 17 years with BASF, where he served
as Strategy Senior VP of the Agricultural Products
division.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Executive Committee
Mieke Van de Capelle

Philip Eykerman

Chief Human Resources Officer (since 2023)

Chief Strategy, M&A, and Transformation Officer
(since January 1, 2026)

Mieke Van de Capelle was appointed as Chief
Human Resources Officer of dsm-firmenich in April
2023, running the HR function as well as Global Real
Estate and Workplace. Under Mieke’s leadership,
dsm-firmenich has successfully implemented a new
Group operating model, values, and integration of all
people processes, cementing our new company’s
way of working as one. She is the Secretary of the
Compensation Committee and the Governance &
Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors.

•
•

•

92

Nationality & Year of Birth: Belgian, 1974
Education: Master’s in International
Communication Strategy, University of
Burgundy (France); Master’s in Philology,
Ghent University (Belgium); Diplomas in
Business Administration and
Management and Organizational
Leadership, IMD Business School
(Switzerland)
Listed Company Boards: Spadel, NonExecutive Director

Previously, she served as Chief Human Resources
Officer of the former Firmenich as from 2016. At
Firmenich, she was responsible for leading the
Global Human Resources, Sustainability, and
Corporate Communications functions, setting the
company’s strategy and winning culture as a
responsible business.
A seasoned leader with close to 30 years of global
consumer goods and chemical industry experience.

•
•

•
•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Belgian, 1968
Education: Master’s in Chemical
Engineering, KU Leuven (Belgium); Master’s in
Refinery Engineering, French Petroleum
Institute (France)
Listed Company Boards: Umicore, NonExecutive Director
Non-Listed Company Boards: AnQore,
Member of the Supervisory Board

Philip Eykerman was appointed in April 2023 as
President of the Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC)
business and Head of Strategy and M&A, positions
he also held at legacy DSM. In that time, he dealt
with the consequences of our merger in HNC, drove
the vitamin transformation program for HNC, and
successfully grew HNC into a global leader in
preventative health and patient care. He also led the
Group’s M&A activities (ANH divestment and
portfolio fine-tuning activities) in line with our
Group’s growth strategy, further strengthening our
diverse expertise and unique capabilities as
innovators in nutrition, health, and beauty.
Since January 1, 2026, Philip Eykerman has
transitioned into the role of Chief Strategy, M&A and
Transformation Officer, while remaining a member of
the Executive Committee.
Previously, Philip served as Executive Vice-President
of Corporate Strategy & Acquisitions at the former
DSM, was a partner at McKinsey & Company, and
leader of McKinsey's Chemicals Practice in the
Benelux and France. He was a member of the
Advisory Board of the Rotterdam School of
Management and in 2024, he was appointed NonExecutive Director of Umicore, a circular materials
technology company.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Executive Committee

•
•
•

93

Nationality & Year of Birth: Swiss, 1970
Education: Degree in Law, University of
Geneva (Switzerland)
Other Memberships: Admitted to the
Geneva Bar (Switzerland)

Laetitia Pictet

Patrick Niels

Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance Officer (since
2025)

Business Unit President Taste, Texture & Health
(from 2023 until December 31, 2025)

Laetitia Pictet began her legal career in the
pharmaceutical industry. She joined the former
Firmenich as VP Senior Legal Counsel in 2015 and
was swiftly promoted to SVP Head of Commercial
Legal in 2018. In 2021, she took on the additional role
of Secretary of the Board. Following the completion
of the merger in 2023, Laetitia assumed the
responsibilities of Corporate Secretary for dsmfirmenich, alongside Risk Management.

Patrick Niels was appointed as President of the Taste,
Texture & Health business of dsm-firmenich in May
2023. In his current role, Patrick has successfully
brought Taste and Ingredients Solutions under one
roof and established cross-divisional collaboration.
While transforming the business, he has continued to
focus on performance and has succeeded in growing
the two divisions above market.

She brings over 25 years of senior legal expertise
across Europe, the Americas, and Asia. Her
exceptional skills and dedication are a tremendous
asset to our company. Laetitia's deep legal expertise
and unwavering commitment to excellence
consistently drive impactful results and fostering a
culture of integrity and compliance.

•
•

Nationality & Year of Birth:
Dutch/American, 1968
Education: Bachelor's in Business
Administration, Nyenrode Business
University (Netherlands); Master’s in
Business Administration, Emory University
(USA)

He started his international career in 1991 when he
joined Gist-Brocades, which the former DSM
subsequently acquired in 1998. He went on to hold
various leadership roles across DSM, in
pharmaceuticals, materials, and nutrition, including
spending nine years in the US. At DSM, he oversaw the
transformation of multiple businesses, creating highperforming growth teams centered around the shift to
sustainability. Patrick built DSM’s Food & Beverage
business, which was established by combining the
company’s activities and capabilities from three
former areas in 2021. Following the merger of DSM and
Firmenich, his responsibilities included the integration
of the full Food & Beverage activities of dsmfirmenich. Patrick Niels retired per January 1, 2026,
concluding a distinguished 34-year tenure with the
company.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Executive Committee

•
•

94

Nationality & Year of Birth: American,
1977
Education: Bachelor’s in Science –
Biology, Harvey Mudd College (USA);
Master’s in Plant Biology, University of
California, Berkeley (USA); Ph.D. in
Microbiology, University of California,
Berkeley (USA)

Dr. Sarah Reisinger

Ralf Schmeitz

Chief Science & Research Officer (since 2023)

Chief Financial Officer (since 2023)

Dr. Sarah Reisinger was appointed as Chief Science
& Research Officer of dsm-firmenich in April 2023.
She is driving dsm-firmenich toward new frontiers of
scientific excellence, building on the company's
legacy of industry-leading innovation. By embracing
new technology to deliver breakthrough solutions in
a fast-changing world, she harnesses a
multidisciplinary and global approach to research
and development. She had joined the former
Firmenich in 2018 as Vice-President of
Biotechnology & Process Engineering, before
becoming that company’s Chief Research Officer in
2021.

Ralf Schmeitz was appointed Chief Financial Officer
(CFO) of dsm-firmenich in September 2023, marking a
significant milestone in his journey with the company.
He joined the former DSM in 2006, and his path has
been marked by outstanding achievements and a
track record of strong performance.

Dr. Sarah Reisinger combines an extensive
background in biotechnology with a strong track
record in ingredients and technology development
for the consumer goods industry. Prior to joining
Firmenich, she held pivotal roles at Ginkgo Bioworks,
Intrexon, and Amyris, having started her career in the
field of biology and cancer therapeutics. She also
served as Chair of EuropaBio until mid 2025.

•
•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Dutch, 1972
Education: Master’s in Economics,
Maastricht University (Netherlands);
Master’s in Accountancy, Maastricht
University (Netherlands); Master’s in
Business Valuation, Erasmus University,
Rotterdam (Netherlands)

Ralf Schmeitz has played a pivotal role in propelling
the transformation of the Finance function and in
navigating substantial portfolio changes. Prior to his
CFO role, he held the position of Head of Group
Finance, overseeing Finance & Control, Treasury and
Taxation. In his last role at DSM, he held the position of
Group Controller, spearheading both the Business
Controlling and Accounting teams. Ralf Schmeitz
began his career at PwC, laying strong foundations
and building financial and strategic acumen, and then
moved to Hewlett Packard, where he assumed diverse
leadership responsibilities in Finance.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE > COMPOSITION

Composition of the Executive Committee

•
•

95

Nationality & Year of Birth: Italian, 1968
Education: Bachelor’s in Economy and
Law, Sapienza Università di Roma (Italy);
Master’s in Tax Law, Tax Consulting firm,
Roma (Italy); Qualified CPA, Qualified
Auditor and Licensed to Tax Court in
Italy

Maurizio Clementi

Alessandre Keller

Business Unit President Taste, Texture & Health
(since January 1, 2026)

Business Unit President Health, Nutrition & Care
(since January 1, 2026)

Maurizio Clementi has been President of the Taste,
Texture & Health Business Unit at dsm-firmenich
since January 1, 2026 and is a member of the dsmfirmenich Executive Committee. An Italian national
with dual American and Italian citizenship, Maurizio
joined dsm-firmenich in 2011. He has a strong
background in international business and has led a
variety of functions, including strategy, business
development, finance, and M&A. Maurizio spent
several years in corporate consultancy roles,
specializing in M&A, and more than eight years at
Nissan Motor Co., where he was CFO for key
European markets and part of the strategic
transformation of the Group.

Alessandre Keller joined dsm-firmenich in October
2025 as incoming Health, Nutrition & Care President,
with more than 25 years of global leadership
experience gathered out of China, Asia-Pacific, Europe
& Middle East, and Latin America. He brings clear
strategic vision and a strong track record of
transformational excellence across the healthcare,
nutrition, and FMCG sectors. From 2019 to 2025,
Alessandre was with the leading European diagnostic
services company Unilabs. There, he ultimately served
as Chief Markets Officer and Executive Board member,
turning around a €1.6 billion business across 16
countries.

At Firmenich, Maurizio served as the Taste & Beyond
division’s Global Strategy Senior Vice President for
several years, where he was a key architect of the
division’s strategic transformation, driving purposeled growth and stellar performance. He was
appointed President of Firmenich’s Taste and
Beyond in 2022. Following the merger between DSM
and Firmenich, he was appointed Head of the Taste
Division within the Taste, Texture and Health
Business Unit.

•
•

Nationality & Year of Birth: Swiss, 1977
Education: Master’s in Business
Administration, The Faculty of Business and
Economics of the University of Lausanne
(Switzerland)

During a career spanning multiple roles at Nestlé from
2000 to 2019, Alessandre played a central role in
advancing the company’s global nutrition strategy
across all life stages. He drove market leadership in
healthy-aging nutrition in China and led breakthrough
innovations such as the HMO and organic pipeline that
reshaped the infant formula category as the
company’s global leader for early life nutrition, guiding
strategy and supervising operations in more than 80
countries. Alessandre previously served as Board
Chairman for Rimed AG, a leading provider of medical
radiology services in Switzerland, and was the
Chairman of the Asia Pacific Industry Chamber for
Infant Nutrition.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > SHAREHOLDER PARTICIPATION, CHANGE OF CONTROL, AND DEFENSE MEASURES

Shareholder participation, change of control, and defense measures
Shareholder participation

Voting rights and representation of shares

Powers and quorum

Change of control and defense measures

Annual General Meeting

Only those shareholders entered in the share
register as shareholders with voting rights until
the record date designated by the Board of
Directors (and as indicated in the invitation to
the General Meeting) are entitled to vote at the
General Meeting. Shareholders entitled to vote
are entitled to give a proxy to a third party (who
is not a shareholder) or to give voting
instructions to the Independent Proxy
(Christian Hochstrasser, c/o Lenz Caemmerer,
Elisabethenstrasse 15, 4010 Basel, Switzerland)
either via the available electronic voting
platform or in writing.

The General Meeting is the supreme governing
body of the Company. Its powers are listed in
Article 10 of the Articles of Association. Unless
otherwise stipulated by law or by the Articles of
Association, resolutions are passed by an
absolute majority of the votes represented at
the General Meeting. Article 16 of the Articles of
Association lists the resolutions that require a
qualified majority of the votes.

The rules on the duty to make an offer are
described in Articles 4.4 and 6 of the Articles of
Association.

Convening
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is held
within six months of the end of the financial
year (December 31). It is convened by the Board
of Directors (or, if necessary, the external
auditors, liquidators, or the representatives of
the bondholders). Furthermore, one or more
shareholders who together represent at least
5% of the Company’s share capital or the voting
rights may convene a General Meeting.
Shareholders who together represent at least
0.5% of the Company’s share capital or voting
rights may request an item be placed on the
agenda of a General Meeting, provided they
submit details thereof to the Company at least
50 calendar days in advance of the General
Meeting.
Calling
The General Meeting is called at least 20
calendar days in advance through publication in
the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce.
Invitations to the General Meeting and
supporting materials are published on the
Company’s website.

96

All early voting on the electronic voting platform
and all written instructions sent to the
Company are deemed an authorization and
instruction of the Independent Proxy. The
Independent Proxy informs the Company only
within the limits of Swiss law about voting
trends (i.e., keeps all instructions received as
confidential until three working days prior to
the General Meeting).
The 2026 AGM will be held on May 7, 2026 in a
hybrid format, i.e., physically in Kaiseraugst
(Switzerland), with the additional option for
shareholders to attend virtually with full
participation possibilities. Shareholders wishing
to attend virtually must give notice of their
willingness to participate in the meeting no
later than the date and time indicated in the
invitation to the 2026 AGM.

There are no change of control clauses. In the
event of change of control, the Board of
Directors may in its sole discretion decide on
an accelerated vesting of share units granted
under equity-based remuneration plans, or
take other decisions considered necessary, to
the extent that the vesting shall have an
outcome that is deemed reasonable given the
circumstances.

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > AUDITORS

Auditors

Mandate and term of office

Auditing fees

Information to the Audit & Risk Committee

PricewaterhouseCoopers AG (PwC) was
appointed by the 2025 Annual General Meeting
(AGM) as statutory auditor of DSM-Firmenich
AG for the financial year 2025. The responsible
licensed audit expert and auditor in charge is
Christopher Vohrer (since 2025). Ennèl van
Eeden serves as the Global Client Service
Partner (since 2025). The Audit & Risk
Committee and the Board of Directors
reconsider on an annual basis whether the
external auditors should be proposed for reelection to the General Meeting.

The auditing fees paid to PwC in its capacity as
the Company’s statutory auditor for the 2025
Consolidated Financial Statements amount to
€11.1 million, including fees for the assurance
services over the Sustainability Statements. In
addition, PwC provided other audit and
assurance services amounting to €1.04 million,
tax services amounting to €0.5 million, and
€0.04 million for other various non-audit
services. The scope of the audit of the 2025
Consolidated Financial Statements and
respective audit fees were (pre-)approved by
the Audit & Risk Committee. All other services
were (pre-) approved in accordance with
applicable internal policies.

PwC attended eight Audit & Risk Committee
meetings held in 2025, including two private
sessions without the presence of management.
The auditors and the Chair of the Audit & Risk
Committee convene prior to each Audit & Risk
Committee meeting to prepare.

97

>

Compensation

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BOARD STATEMENT AND CLOSED PERIODS

Board statement and Closed Periods
Board statement

Closed Periods

This Report includes the dsm-firmenich 2025
Management Report as well as the
Consolidated Financial Statements for the
purpose of the Dutch Act on Financial
Supervision (Wet Financieel Toezicht), section
5:25c.

According to our Group’s Insider Trading policy,
the Board of Directors, the Executive
Committee (including the CEO), and employees
who have (or may have) access to material
non-public information (such persons are
referred to as ’Designated Persons’) are banned
from trading in Group financial securities during
Closed Periods.

In accordance with the Dutch Decree on
Transparency for issuing entities subject to the
Dutch Act on Financial Supervision (Besluit
Transparantie uitgevende instellingen Wft)
Article 10, the Directors declare that, to the
best of their knowledge:
•

•

•

The Consolidated Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with the
applicable reporting requirements
The Management Report gives a true and
fair view of the development and
performance of the business, the position
of the company, and the principal risks and
uncertainties the company faces
The Report also contains information on
major events that took place after year-end,
if applicable, as well as future developments

Thomas Leysen,
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Dimitri de Vreeze,
Chief Executive Officer

98

however, shall never be shorter than 30 days
before a financial release); ii) the periods
starting 30 calendar days before a quarterly or
semi-annual financial statements; and iii) such
other period as indicated in the designation
notice letter issued by the Compliance Officer.
Closed Periods for the Board of Directors and
Executive Committee
•

In 2025, Closed periods for Members of the
Board of Directors and the Executive
Committee were the periods starting the 29th
day after a financial release until the next
financial release (which, however, shall never be
shorter than 30 calendar days before a
financial release). Closed periods for
Designated Persons were i) the periods two
months prior to the publication of the annual
financial statements of the Group; and ii) the
periods starting on the first day of a quarter
until the publication of the Group’s quarterly
financial statements for that quarter (which,
however, shall never be shorter than 30 days
before a financial release).
In December 2025, the Board adjusted the
Closed Periods in our Group’s Insider Trading
policy. According to the updated policy, which
entered into effect immediately, Closed Periods
for the Board of Directors, the Executive
Committee and Designated Persons are: i) the
periods starting on the first day of a calendar
year until the publication of the annual financial
statements of the Company quarter (which,

•
•
•
•
•

November 29, 2024, up to and including
February 12, 2025
March 14, 2025, up to and including April 29,
2025
May 29, 2025, up to and including July 30,
2025
August 29, 2025, up to and including
October 29, 2025
November 28, 2025, up to and including
December 11, 2025
January 1, 2026, up to and including
February 11, 2026

Closed Periods for Designated Persons
•
•
•
•
•

December 12, 2024, up to and including
February 12, 2025
March 31, 2025, up to and including April 29,
2025
July 1, 2025, up to and including July 30,
2025
September 30, 2025, up to and including
October 29, 2025
December 11, 2025, up to and including
February 11, 2026

Information policy
The Company is committed to open and
consistent communication with shareholders
and other stakeholders. The Company uses its
website to ensure rapid and equitable
distribution of information. This includes:
•
•
•

Share performance, analyst consensus, and
the financial calendar are available here
Press releases are available here
Corporate governance documents are
available here

Major announcements are accompanied by a
live presentation broadcast on the internet.
Furthermore, throughout the year, the Investor
Relations team engages with investors (current
or prospective) and relevant sell-side analysts
in virtual and in-person meetings, conference
calls, roadshows, broker conferences, or other
events. In certain cases, Members of the
Executive Committee also participate in
meetings with the financial community (see
Investor engagement). The Investor Relations
team can be contacted via e-mail at
investors@dsm-firmenich.com.

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT

Our approach to risk management
At dsm-firmenich, effective risk management
is essential to safeguarding our performance,
enabling strategic execution, and supporting
our purpose.
Our Enterprise Risk Management framework
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
framework is based on the COSO Enterprise
Risk Management model. It supports the Group,
our Business Units, and our Business Partners in
managing risks that might prevent us from
achieving our strategic, financial, and
operational objectives as well as in protecting
company assets and our reputation. It is
embedded in our operating model to ensure
risks are identified early, assessed consistently,
mitigated effectively, monitored continuously,
and reported transparently.
Governance and culture
Governance and culture form the foundation
for the four pillars of our ERM framework, which
are: strategy & objective-setting, risk
identification & assessment, risk mitigation &
control activities, and monitoring &
improvement. This protects our value &
integrity. Communication & reporting ensures
the connection between the pillars and the
sharing of adequate information with internal
and external stakeholders. As part of our
Governance framework, the Board of Directors
has delegated the management of the Group to
the CEO and the Executive Committee, except
where restricted by law or regulation. The CEO

99

Our ERM framework
and the Executive Committee are authorized,
within these limits, to further sub-delegate their
authority as appropriate. With the approval of
the Board, the Executive Committee has
established the internal governance operating
model, which guides the operations of, and
cooperation between, the Business Units
(operational management) and the Business
Partners. These groups are jointly responsible
for achieving our objectives and managing the
associated risks, in accordance with the
Company’s internal Governance framework and
the official delegation of authority.
With respect to risk management, the Board of
Directors sets the strategic direction and holds
ultimate accountability for the effectiveness of
the ERM Framework. The Board has delegated

oversight of risk management to the Audit &
Risk Committee, which reviews the design of
the Framework, sets the Group risk appetite,
and validates the outcomes of the Group Risk
Assessment. The Executive Committee
implements the ERM framework, assigns risk
owners, and ensures that risk-informed thinking
is embedded across the company. Our culture
plays a central role in how risk is managed.
Leaders at all levels are expected to act as role
models by encouraging open dialogue, fostering
psychological safety, promoting transparency in
raising and escalating risks, and demonstrating
accountability in managing them. Risk
management is most effective when people
feel empowered to speak up early, challenge
constructively, and take ownership of
responsible decision-making.

Our Code of Business Ethics and Group Policy
framework guide employees and leaders in
making consistent, principled decisions. These
foundations support a culture where integrity,
compliance, sustainability, and risk awareness
are embedded in everyday behaviors and in
how we collaborate, innovate, and execute our
strategy. The Board of Directors has formally
approved our corporate values as well as our
Code of Business Ethics. The Executive
Committee and management actively model
the principles outlined in the Code of Business
Ethics and ensure the consistent application of
the Code across the organization. This clear
‘tone from the top’ fosters a culture of risk
awareness and prioritization, which is essential
for effective risk management.

Our Performance

How risk management creates value at
dsm-firmenich

•

Our ERM framework contributes directly to the
performance and resilience of dsm-firmenich. It
supports the company in:
•

•

•

•

•

•

•

Safeguarding our people, assets, and
reputation and protecting the long-term
value of the company
Enabling strategic decisions by ensuring
that risks, uncertainties, and opportunities
are assessed early and systematically
Supporting value creation by helping to
identify opportunities inherent in change,
innovation, and investment decisions
Raising awareness and fostering a
risk-informed culture across Business Units
and Business Partners, ensuring that leaders
and teams understand the nature, drivers,
and potential impacts and opportunities
associated with specific risks
Providing timely and relevant risk-based
insights to leadership, supporting strategy
planning, prioritization and performance
management
Strengthening compliance and governance
by promoting consistent application of
Group policies, standards, and external
regulatory requirements
Providing resilience and being a reliable
partner for our customers

Roles and responsibilities: The Three Lines
model
To further implement our ERM framework, the
following roles and responsibilities are assigned,
in line with the Three Lines model by the
Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA):

100

•

•

First line (Business Units / operational
management), with support from Business
Partners: managers and staff within the
Business Units are responsible for
identifying, assessing, and managing risks as
an integral part of their daily operations.
They own the risks and are accountable for
implementing appropriate controls and
ensuring that objectives are met. Finance
operates as the first line for the financial
reporting process
Second line: Functions (including ERM, Legal,
Compliance and Sustainability) that provide
expertise, support, and independent
monitoring for their areas. They define
objectives, Group policies, and standards.
They support and challenge the first line,
and monitor risk-related and compliance
matters, including controls
Third line (internal audit): The Group Audit
department provides independent,
objective assurance and advice regarding
the effectiveness of governance, risk
management, and control activities. This
function is fully independent from
operational management and reports
directly to the Board of Directors or the
Audit & Risk Committee

Strategy and objective-setting
Our Group functions and Business Unit
strategies and objectives are set by the
responsible Executive Committee member and
presented to the Board of Directors for
approval. They are translated into specific plans
and priorities and then elaborated upon for all
levels in the organization. Each material Group
risk has an Executive Committee member
accountable for defining risk responses and
ensuring cross-functional coordination.

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Business Unit / Business Partner leaders act as
cluster owners or delegated risk owners.
Risk identification and assessment
The realization of any ambitious strategy always
entails risks. To enable informed decisionmaking, these risks are identified and assessed
at all levels of the organization in line with our
ERM framework.
Assessments include Group risk assessment,
business risk assessments, strategy-related
risk assessments, process/project risk
assessments, and site risk assessments
conducted under the Business Continuity
Management framework. As part of these
assessments, risks are identified using the
Group risk categories and are evaluated using
standardized impact and likelihood scales to
ensure consistency across the company. The
impact scale reflects strategic, financial,
operational, compliance, and reputational
dimensions. Specific periods are defined for
short-term and long-term time horizons. They
are used consistently in the double materiality
assessment (DMA), see General information in
the Sustainability Statements.
Twice a year, the Executive Committee
discusses the material Group risks as part of
the Group risk assessment, with the Audit &
Risk Committee reviewing and validating these
risks before discussing them with the Board of
Directors; see Material risks and uncertainties.
Risk mitigation and control activities
As part of our ERM framework, mitigating
actions and controls are defined and
implemented for the most relevant risks.
Controls include policies, standards,

>

Compensation

>

segregation of duties (SoD) management,
business continuity management, and business
reviews. Control activities, whether preventive
or detective, are integrated into our processes
and executed by the first line. Second line sets
standards and monitors, and Group Audit
provides independent assurance.
Monitoring and improvement
To ensure that risk mitigation and control
activities embedded in our business processes
operate effectively, dsm-firmenich has
established a framework that supports the
achievement of our objectives. To support the
first line, the company has an Internal Control
function that provides expertise to process
owners, defines and maintains key control
requirements, and monitors the adequacy of
the design and execution of these controls. Key
controls are those identified by management
as essential to ensuring reliable internal and
external reporting and compliant,
well-controlled operations.
Communication and reporting
Risk reviews take place by means of structured
processes and on an ad-hoc basis if necessary.
Twice a year, as part of our ERM framework, all
Business Units and Business Partners report
their material risks and incidents to the
Executive Committee and the Audit & Risk
Committee.

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > MATERIAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Material risks and uncertainties
Risk assessments are performed at all levels
of the organization. Material risks for our
Business Units and our Business Partner
functions are reported to the Executive
Committee and the Audit & Risk Committee
twice a year.
In addition, the Executive Committee has a
separate discussion to determine the Group’s
material risks. These are shared with and
reviewed by the Audit & Risk Committee and
the Board of Directors and form the basis for
the risk disclosures in this note below.

Top material risks and description

Main mitigating actions

Exposure | Trend

Data management and digital transformation: Due to weak data
governance and data management, we run the risk of data breaches
compromising confidentiality and exposing the company to financial and
reputational harm. In addition, due to the complexity of our digitalization
roadmap and existing resource constraints, we run the risk that our digital
transformation may not progress as planned, leading to delays or shortfalls
in delivering targeted benefits.

•
•
•
•
•

Digital Roadmap focused on growth, efficiency, and strengthening core digital capabilities
Digital Council guiding and governing the transformation
Data Foundation program improving master data, platforms, and governance
AI Mitigation plans enhancing AI governance, compliance, and awareness
Business Units and Business Partners initiatives supporting upskilling and ensuring adherence to
Group standards

High | ▶

Geopolitical instability: Due to geopolitical instability and related
economic downturns, we run the risk of trade restrictions, raw material and
energy shortages, and supply-chain disruptions limiting our ability to serve
customers. In addition, due to weaker economic conditions, reduced
consumer spending, and inflationary pressures, we run the risk of lower
demand, leading to adverse impacts on our sales volumes and margins.

•

Business continuity measures in place, including diversified sourcing, backup manufacturing, and
optimized safety stocks
Early-warning and monitoring tools enabling rapid response to supply-chain disruptions
Financial risk mitigation through hedging of purchasing-price and currency exposures
Targeted governance bodies (Tariff Taskforce, Energy Management Committee) supporting trade,
supply diversification, and energy-risk mitigation

High | ▶

Focus on high-growth, higher-margin segments supported by continuous competitive monitoring
Differentiate through innovation, leveraging scientific, technical, and data-driven capabilities and a
strong portfolio of natural and renewable ingredients
Develop value-adding products/services tailored to customer and end-consumer needs
Maximize operational performance across all Business Units through strict cost control and
prudent inventory management

High | ▶

Strengthened information security, supported by ongoing investments in security systems
Cyber Security Governance Board and framework overseeing global cybersecurity across IT, OT,
and R&D systems, aligned with new 2025 policies and standards
Employee awareness reinforcement through intensified phishing tests and continuous training
(“human firewall”)
Business continuity and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate operational impact of
potential attacks
24/7 global Security Operations Centers (SOC) and established cybersecurity response
procedures for rapid detection and action

Medium | ▶

•
•
•

Our risk profile
The table opposite details the five most
important Group’s short-term risks that might
have a material impact within three years and
have the potential to prevent us from
successfully implementing our strategy and
achieving our targets. For each of these risks,
the mitigating actions we are taking to reduce
our exposure are described. These risks are
labeled as top risks either because the
exposure on dsm-firmenich’s EBITDA is an
indicative €45 million or more (cumulative 3
years), or because they have a major nonfinancial impact, such as on the company's
reputation.

Commodity markets: Due to operating in highly competitive markets
where some competitors benefit from lower cost positions, we run the risk
of insufficient differentiation, leading to adverse effects on our sales
volumes and margins.

•
•

•
•
Cybersecurity: Due to persistently high external cyber threats, we run the
risk of cyber-attacks, leading to operational disruption and the loss of
integrity or confidentiality of information.

•
•
•

Talent availability: Due to tight labor markets and ongoing
macro-economic pressures, we run the risk of being unable to attract,
retain, develop, and engage employees with the expertise and mindset
needed to implement our strategy, leading to potential capability gaps and
reduced organizational performance.

101

•
•

•
•
•

Company-wide people initiatives covering integrated rewards, development, well-being,
engagement, and inclusion & belonging
Active monitoring of retention and engagement, with targeted actions taken when needed
Regular communication with employees on company performance, market context, challenges,
and opportunities to maintain transparency and connection

Low | ▼

>

Our Performance

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BROADER RISK LANDSCAPE

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > CYBER AND INFORMATION SECURITY

Regulatory investigation

ANH separation

In 2023, certain competition authorities
commenced an industry-wide investigation
into the fragrances sector alleging potential
violations of anti-trust law. As part thereof,
unannounced inspections were carried out at
several Firmenich offices in France, the United
Kingdom and Switzerland, and Firmenich
received a subpoena from the Antitrust Division
of the United States Department of Justice.
Subsequently, regulatory authorities in other
jurisdictions also launched parallel anti-trust
investigations. The company is fully cooperating
with the authorities. The United States
Department of Justice has recently advised the
company that it shall be closing its anti-trust
investigation of dsm-firmenich. As per the date
of the release of this Report, no additional
updates on the investigations are available. In
addition, multiple civil lawsuits have been filed
against the company relating to the
investigation.

The Animal, Nutrition & Health (ANH) business
carve-out’s complexity, operational
interdependencies, and ongoing restructuring
create a potential risk of disruption before and
after separation. ANH is run as a stand-alone
organization as of January 2026.

Robust cyber and information security are
fundamental to safeguarding data privacy,
ensuring controlled access to IT systems and
networks, and helping maintain the trust of
our stakeholders.

The broader risk landscape

Sustainability
Information relating to sustainability risks
(including climate risk) is disclosed in the
Sustainability Statements. Material
sustainability risks are integrated and managed
as part of the regular Enterprise Risk
Management framework. The impact of physical
climate change and loss of biodiversity on our
value chain is included as a long-term risk.

102

Other risks
There are also other business risks, such as
innovation, business continuity, product quality,
tax, increasing regulatory requirements, and
increasing non-financial reporting
requirements, with proper mitigations plans in
place, assessed and evaluated on regular basis.
All relevant risks are considered in the
preparation of our financial statements.

Cyber and information security

We employ rigorous processes, advanced
technologies, and strict data-handling
practices to prevent system failures and major
security incidents. Cyber and information
security have been identified as material risks
for the company and are reviewed annually by
each of the Audit & Risk Committee and the
Board of Directors. To mitigate potential
financial exposure, dsm-firmenich maintains
cyber insurance coverage.
We recognize the importance of transparency
regarding the impact of geopolitical and
macroeconomic uncertainties on our business
model, financial performance, and sustainability
objectives. The global environment continues to
evolve rapidly, shaped by factors such as
ongoing armed conflicts, trade barriers,
volatility in energy and commodity markets,
supply chain disruptions, and the rising
frequency and sophistication of cyber threats.
We address these factors by integrating
cybersecurity governance and risk
management into our broader resilience
framework. We apply a data-driven approach to
risk management, continuously monitoring,
measuring, and refining our risk exposure and
corresponding cyber controls. This is
supported by a robust governance structure
based on a three-tiered defense model, which

ensures clear accountability and enhances our
ability to detect, prevent, and respond
effectively to emerging threats.
Recognizing the growing influence of artificial
intelligence in both operational processes and
threat landscapes, we have strengthened our
governance approach to address AI-driven
risks. This includes proactive measures to
mitigate adversarial attacks on machine
learning models and the deployment of
adaptive controls to safeguard against
emerging, AI-enabled cyber threats. By
integrating these considerations into our
governance framework, we ensure resilience
and accountability in an increasingly complex
digital environment.
We remain on track to achieve NIS 2 directive
compliance, expected in the first half of 2026,
while closely monitoring evolving national
regulatory guidance and implementation
timelines. Oversight of Information security is
maintained at the executive level through the
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO),
supported by continuous monitoring of
information security incidents. All employees
complete mandatory annual training on
information security to foster awareness and
strengthen the company’s overall resilience.
In 2025, the company experienced no major
cyber incidents.

>

Our Performance

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, AND BUSINESS ETHICS > BUSINESS ETHICS

•
•
•

As a company, we follow all applicable laws and
regulations and promote a strong compliance
culture, one in which all our employees feel they
can openly raise any potential concerns
without fear of retaliation.
On a quarterly basis at least, the Business
Ethics team reports and escalates compliance
issues and initiatives to the Group Ethics
Committee (GEC), which oversees, assesses
and enhances ethics and integrity across the
company, based on our Code of Business
Ethics and Group Policies. The GEC plays a
crucial role in maintaining an ethical culture and
ensuring that the organization operates with
accountability. The GEC consists of:
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer

•
•

Chief Human Resources Officer
Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance Officer
(Chair)
Head of Business Ethics (Secretary)

In 2025, our focus was on continuing to
establish the foundations of our ethics and
compliance framework, while ensuring that our
program is strong, resilient, fit for purpose, and
responsive to the evolving needs of our
organization and our stakeholders. Our Code of
Business Ethics and related policies set out our
principles for acting ethically as a company.
The framework covers the prevention and
mitigation of bribery and corruption risks, the
delivery of mandatory business ethics training,
and the operation of a secure platform for
reporting actual or suspected breaches of our
ethical standards. These activities address the
various ethics and compliance risks overseen
by the Business Ethics team, with ultimate
accountability residing with the Group Ethics
Committee (GEC).

Identifying and managing bribery and
corruption risks
A key focus is preventing corruption and
bribery by establishing effective countermeasures. Our Anti-Bribery and Corruption
policy shapes our internal regulatory framework
by defining principles and areas for attention.
From this, we derive a set of standards that
address the main risk areas. Moreover, a multidisciplinary third-party risk assessment was
conducted to gauge the risk of bribery and
corruption, among other things. As a result, we
implemented further process improvements
and identified areas requiring further attention.
Reflecting enhancements made in 2025 and
our focus on preventing corruption and bribery
through effective measures, during the year we:
•

•

“
103

Integrity guides our choices, shapes our culture, and earns the trust we build
every day.”

Laetitia Pictet

Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance Officer

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

Note: The figures in this Business ethics section are reported on the basis of total dsm-firmenich,
comprising continuing and discontinued operations, unless explicitly stated otherwise.

Business ethics

At dsm-firmenich, our actions are guided by
our company values and our commitment to
observing the highest ethical standards.

<

•

•

Continued our review of donations and
sponsorships and the suitability of our
philanthropic initiatives and partners
Supplemented the Conflict of Interest
standard with a section providing guidance
on managing potential or actual conflicts of
interest during the recruitment process
Launched a new Gifts and Entertainment
standard, replacing earlier requirements to
cover the giving and receiving of gifts and
participation in entertainment activities
with individuals outside dsm-firmenich
Commenced work on a Group standard to
harmonize our Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Third-Party Risk checks. This ensures due
diligence vis-à-vis our Business Partners

The gathering of data through dedicated
mechanisms linked to each of the
aforementioned standards also helps the
company to ensure their consistent application,
to identify trends, analyze data relationships,
and proactively address potential risks.
The aim of these standards is not only to
establish a set of rules to protect the company
and its workforce but also to provide clear
guidance to employees on the part they play in
fostering an ethical business environment. The
standards are shared via dedicated
communication and training programs,
complementing the imperative learnings
enshrined in our Group mandatory trainings.
Group mandatory trainings
Training mitigates the risk of breaches of our
ethical standards. In 2025, we worked on
creating a strong and comprehensive
mandatory training program, targeting 100%
completion rates. Between October 2024 and
August 2025, we successfully launched five
Group mandatory trainings: Code of Business
Ethics (CoBE), Anti-Bribery and Corruption
(ABC), People-Centric (Work Respect and
Harassment Prevention), Physical and Cyber
Security, and Safety, Health and Environment
(SHE). The training cycle follows a two-year
review period. All employees are required to
complete the five Group mandatory trainings.
By the end of 2025, all five mandatory trainings
for internal

Our Performance

employees achieved a completion rate
above 96%. This demonstrates strong
engagement and commitment to compliance
across the organization. To ensure accessibility
and effectiveness, the trainings were delivered
via a user-friendly online platform for all
employees, complemented by dedicated
classroom sessions for shop-floor teams.
Legal targeted trainings
In addition to the Group Mandatory trainings,
for all employees, Legal targeted trainings were
assigned to specific groups of employees
across the organization, typically those focused
on core functions or roles. Between August
2024 and June 2025, we successfully launched
three Legal targeted trainings: Competition Law
(in two launch waves), Privacy Awareness (in
two launch waves), and Trade Compliance.
Speaking up
At dsm-firmenich, we promote honest
communication in which everyone, internally
and externally, can come forward without fear
of retaliation in the event of any perceived
breach of our ethical standards.
Having a robust whistleblowing framework that
everyone can trust is a vital aspect of our
company culture. It is essential for the
prevention and detection of breaches of our
Code of Business Ethics. We do not tolerate any
form of retaliation against individuals who, in
good faith, seek guidance, raise a concern
regarding potential misconduct, or cooperate in
an investigation. Disciplinary action is taken
against anyone who engages in retaliatory
behavior toward those who report such
concerns in good faith.

104

In our publicly available Speak Up framework,
we provide information about all the channels
available for reporting a concern. If employees
wish to come forward, they may speak with
their line manager, HR, or Business Ethics team,
or alternatively use our SpeakUp platform. All
external stakeholders have the possibility to
raise concerns via Speak Up, which is available
on our website, along with our Code of Business
Ethics and our Supplier Code.
The SpeakUp platform is operated by an
external provider and is accessible 24/7. It
offers an option to lodge reports anonymously
and may also be used by third parties. Our
employees learn about the framework through
mandatory training in our Code of Business
Ethics. This is amplified by intranet
communications and poster campaigns. In
addition, ad-hoc trainings occur as needed.
Speak Up cases are reported to the Group
Ethics Committee on at least a quarterly basis.
We treat every report with the utmost
seriousness. Every concern raised to the
Business Ethics team is handled promptly, with
a commitment to confidentiality, fairness, and
accountability. Our goal is to ensure that every
case is addressed in a consistent and
respectful manner. In 2025, we also published
our Code of Business Ethics Investigation
Standard for cases to be addressed
consistently across the organization.

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

>

Compensation

>

Speak Up reports
Reports

Case Status

Case categories

Description

No.

Description

No.

Description

No.

Cases
Linked reports

169
44

In progress
Closed (unsubstantiated)

31
100

Discrimination, Harassment, Bullying, Retaliation
Mistreatment / Inappropriate Behavior

72
45

Non-cases

5

Closed (substantiated)

38

Conflict of Interest
Labor Practices
SHE (Safety, Health & Environment)

10
9
7

Other

26

Total

169

Total

218

Total

In 2025, we processed 218 reports via Speak
Up. All were investigated. Substantiated
complaints on issues such as workplace
harassment, mistreatment, conflicts of interest,
labor practices, or SHE-related issues, led to
terminations, written warnings, trainings,
process improvements, among other things.
Five cases related to potential bribery and
corruption (reported in the ‘Other’ category)
were reported via Speak Up. Each case was
subject to internal investigation. While
allegations could not be substantiated, all
reports were taken seriously and reviewed
thoroughly in line with our commitment to
integrity and accountability.

169

Our Performance

Compensation

105

<

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

106
108
109
110
111
115
124
124
125

>

Compensation

Introduction by the Chair of the Compensation Committee
Compensation at a glance
Compensation governance
Currency
Compensation of the Board of Directors
Compensation of the Executive Committee
Other mandates
Outlook for 2026
Report of the Statutory Auditor

>

COMPENSATION > INTRODUCTION

Introduction by the Chair of the
Compensation Committee
Since we became dsm-firmenich in 2023, our
compensation structure has allowed us to
bring progress to life by rewarding the
delivery of strong financial results and the
achievement of ambitious and measurable
sustainability objectives. In the interests of
all stakeholders, we recognize performance
as critical for our profitable growth while we
also take into account our impact on society
and the planet. Our approach is built on three
pillars: fairness, competitiveness, and value
creation. Our Short- and Long-Term Incentive
programs reinforce our strategic priorities
and allow our employees to share in our
success.

experts and our external advisor, Willis Towers
Watson, who, when required, adds an external
perspective on benchmarks and market
practices.

2025 performance

The Committee also drafted proposals for the
Board concerning the remuneration of
individual Executive Committee Members,
reflecting upcoming changes in the team’s
composition.

Despite a challenging external environment in
2025, we progressed our strategic
transformation and delivered solid operational
and financial outcomes. We stayed the course
and delivered solid results. Nevertheless, the
Short-Term Incentive achievement remained
below target, underpinning that the targets set
were ambitious.
Activities of the Compensation Committee in
2025
The Compensation Committee works within the
company’s Articles of Association and its
Charter, supported by in-house rewards

106

In 2025, the Compensation Committee focused
on reviewing business performance, regulatory
changes around remuneration and reporting as
well as market assessments of Board and
Executive Committee pay structures. It also
conducted a risk analysis regarding pension
benefits. Goals and targets were set for
business and sustainability performance,
building on the framework put in place at the
inception of the merger.

Changes in the Executive Committee
In 2025, Laetitia Pictet took over from Jane
Sinclair, who stepped down effective May 1,
2025. In response to the carve-out of the
Animal Nutrition & Health business, Ivo
Lansbergen stepped down from the Executive
Committee effective October 1. Further to this,
two other leadership changes were announced,
taking effect as of January 1, 2026: Maurizio

Carla Mahieu, Chair, Compensation Committee

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Clementi succeeded Patrick Niels, leading the
Taste, Texture & Health business, while
Alessandre Keller assumed leadership of the
Health, Nutrition and Care business, taking over
from Philip Eykerman. As of this same date,
Philip Eykerman took on the role of Chief
Strategy, M&A and Transformation Officer, while
Patrick Niels is to retire from the company
effective September 1, 2026.
The voices of our stakeholders
Making informed and thoughtful remuneration
decisions demands close cooperation with the
Executive Committee and reward specialists,
alongside engagement with stakeholders and
proxy advisors.
While some stakeholders advocate greater
financial emphasis in variable pay schemes,
others value the measurability of sustainability
targets and their strong alignment with our
strategy and license to operate. We will
maintain our practice of frequently engaging
with investors, and the Compensation
Committee will balance these perspectives,
ensuring that remuneration decisions support
the company’s sustained leadership as a
Category of One and a leader in health,
nutrition and beauty.
Our 2024 Compensation Report received
strong support at the 2025 Annual General
Meeting (AGM). Stakeholders welcomed the
increased transparency regarding the ex-post
disclosure of Short-Term Incentive (STI) targets
and their achievement. The 2025 AGM did not
raise any items requiring an adjustment of the
remuneration structure; hence we have not
made changes to our overall compensation
structure, peer group, and incentive design.

107

About the report
This report is designed to foster informed
perspectives on our reward practices by
presenting facts and figures and explaining the
reasoning behind our decisions. It includes the
information required by the Swiss Code of
Obligations and is inspired by the Swiss Code
of Best Practice for Corporate Governance.
We aim for transparency without disclosing
business-sensitive information in a manner that
would serve neither our own interests nor those
of our stakeholders.
In line with the EU CSRD (Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive), our
Sustainability report includes the Annual Pay
ratio, i.e., the ratio between the highest-paid
employee’s compensation and the median of all
other employees.
Outlook for 2026
Looking ahead to 2026 and beyond, we remain
committed to the successful execution of our
business strategy, supported by a remuneration
framework that drives performance,
encourages innovation, and promotes
sustainable long-term growth. We will continue
to engage with stakeholders, tracking market
trends while adapting to evolving governance
standards.
On behalf of the Compensation Committee and
the Board of Directors, I sincerely thank our
customers, employees, shareholders, and other
stakeholders for their ongoing trust and
collaboration.
Carla Mahieu
Chair, Compensation Committee

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

COMPENSATION > AT A GLANCE

Compensation at a glance
Board of Directors (BoD)
To ensure independence, the Members of the Board of Directors receive a fixed fee partially in cash and partially in Restricted
Share Units (RSUs). Committee fees are provided in cash. RSUs are subject to a three-year vesting period.

The below table concerns the actual (2025) and allocated (2026) remuneration provided for the period May 7, 2025 until the
Annual General meeting on May 7, 2026, compared to the total maximum remuneration as approved by the General Meetings on
May 6, 2025.

Applicable fee structure for BoD on an annual basis

Approved and Actual/Allocated compensation of the BoD

Fixed fee
(In CHF)

Cash

RSUs

Committee fees

Cash

RSUs

Chairman
Vice Chair
Member

400,000
122,500
100,000

400,000
122,500
100,000

Chair Audit & Risk Committee
Chair other committees
Member Audit & Risk Committee
Member other committees

40,000
30,000
25,000
20,000

n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.

Total compensation
(In € considering the 2025 Average Fx rate*)

Approved

Actual/Allocated

AGM 2025 until AGM 2026

3,773,258

3,594,456

* Fees are determined and paid in CHF; reporting herein is based on €. During the year, payments are converted to €. The average Fx rate is €1 = CHF0.93693.

There is no minimum shareholding requirement for Members of the Board of Directors.

The total compensation excluding social security contributions remains within the approved amount. As of December 31, 2025,
the Members of the Board of Directors held 16,078,913 shares and 46,871 RSUs.

Executive Committee (ExCo)
We want to attract and retain qualified leaders who can shape our future, rewarding progress in innovation and growth. We
focus on long-term stakeholder value, aim to be competitive, and strive to align rewards with our strategy and sustainability
ambitions. The below table provides an overview of target Total Direct Compensation (including Base Salary, the Short-Term
and Long-Term Incentives). Any share units granted are subject to a three-year vesting period.

The total compensation excluding social security contributions awarded to the Members of the Executive Committee during
2025 remained within the maximum amount of total compensation for the same period as approved by the General Meeting on
May 7, 2024 (see below table).

Total Target Direct Compensation of the ExCo

Approved and Actual compensation of the ExCo in 2025

Position
(In % of Annual Base Salary)
CEO
Other ExCo Members

Target STI

Target LTI

100%
85% or 100%

200%
120% or 100%

Total compensation
(In € thousand), considering the 2025 Average Fx rate*)

Approved

Actual

Total Compensation

41,309

22,667

* Compensation is determined in CHF; reporting herein is based on €. During the year, payments are converted to €. The average Fx rate is €1 CHF0.93693.

The minimum shareholding obligation is 300% (of annual Base Salary) for the CEO and 100% for other ExCo Members, to be
accrued in a five-year period

On December 31, 2025, the CEO held 90,854 shares. The other Members of the Executive Committee in total held 94,388
shares.

Governance
•
•
•

108

Remuneration decisions are governed by the Swiss Code of Obligations and the Company’s Articles of Association.
The prospective maximum remuneration for the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee is subject to a binding vote at the General Meeting.
The General Meeting casts a non-binding vote on the Compensation Report.

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

COMPENSATION > GOVERNANCE

Compensation governance
Governance structure
As determined by the Swiss Code of
Obligations and the Articles of Association, the
remuneration of the Board of Directors and the
Executive Committee is subject to approval by
the Annual General Meeting, upon a proposal by
the Board of Directors (see first table opposite).
Considering proposals of the Compensation
Committee, the Board of Directors shall
approve the terms and conditions of Shortand Long-Term Incentive plans (to be settled in
cash or equity), including performance targets.
Furthermore, the Board of Directors approves
the terms and conditions of employment
arrangements of the Board of Directors and the
Executive Committee and may provide for
adjustment mechanisms or claw-back of
incentive-based compensation. Regarding
equity compensation plans, the Board of
Directors shall determine the plan specifics.
These include, but are not limited to, grant
value, vesting requirements, blocking, and/or
lock-up periods and forfeiture conditions.
Compensation Committee
Governed by the Compensation Committee
charter, the Compensation Committee
comprises four non-Executive Directors, to be
appointed for one year by the Annual General
Meeting. For the period from the 2025 AGM
until the 2026 AGM, the Committee Members
are Carla Mahieu (Chair), Thomas Leysen, Frits
van Paasschen, and André Pometta. The Chair

109

determines the agenda, while the Chief Human
Resources Officer (CHRO, who is also the
secretary of the Compensation Committee)
and relevant experts prepare and provide
materials for the Compensation Committee
meetings (see the table ‘Annual agenda
Compensation Committee’ opposite). The
Compensation Committee may invite the CEO
or other Executives to their meetings as
deemed necessary. These have an advisory role
and no voting rights. This is also the case for
external experts and advisors who may be
engaged during the year to provide legal and
external market insights.

Compensation governance structure

The shareholders are involved in the decisions
concerning the remuneration of the Board of
Directors and the Executive Committee. The
General Meeting has a binding vote on the
maximum remuneration for the Board and the
Executive Committee. In accordance with the
Articles of Association, such a binding vote has
a prospective nature and concerns the
maximum remuneration for the period until the
next General Meeting (Board of Directors) or
the following calendar (i.e., financial) year
(Executive Committee). We submit a
compensation report to the General Meeting
(non-binding vote), inviting the shareholders to
express their opinion on the remuneration in
the previous year.

•

The graphic opposite provides an overview of
the relevant decisions on compensation (to be)
made by the Annual General Meeting.

Remuneration of

Proposal by

Approval by

Board of Directors as a whole
Executive Committee as a whole

Board of Directors
Board of Directors

Annual General Meeting
Annual General Meeting

Chair of the Board of Directors; CEO1
Members of the Board of Directors
Members of the Executive Committee

Compensation Committee
Compensation Committee
Compensation Committee

Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors

1. The CEO will not attend those (parts of the) meetings if items are discussed involving him individually

Annual agenda Compensation Committee
1st half of financial year

•
•
•
•
•
•

Actual remuneration of the Board of Directors and Executive
Committee Members, backward-looking
Remuneration of the Board of Directors and Executive
Committee, forward-looking
STI and LTI actual performance achievement, backward-looking
Trends in remuneration, governance, and regulatory
requirements
Validation of compliance checks with reward principles
Validation of annual Compensation Report
Preparation for AGM

Compensation decisions

2nd half of financial year
•
•
•
•
•
•

STI and LTI target performance measures,
forward-looking
Market benchmarking for Board of Directors
and Executive Committee remuneration
Stakeholder consultation
Pensions (risk analysis)
Review of incentive design and alignment with
strategy
Preview of annual Compensation Report

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

COMPENSATION > CURRENCY

Currency

As determined by the Articles of Association,
the company currency is the euro (€). The
remuneration of the Members of the Board of
Directors and the Members of the Executive
Committee is determined and paid in Swiss
Francs (CHF). For Members of the Executive
Committee employed by a non-Swiss entity, a
conversion rate to the euro applies.

110

For the purpose of establishing the maximum
remuneration amounts for the Board of
Directors and the Executive Committee as
approved by the General Meeting, a conversion
rate was assumed (€1 = CHF0.98 for the
envelope concerning the Executive Committee
in FY 2025 and €1 = CHF0.96 for the envelope
concerning the Board of Directors for the
period between the 2025 and 2026 AGM)
(‘Assumed Fx rate’). For accounting purposes,
payments during the year provided in CHF were
converted to € using a monthly average rate.
The 2025 average exchange rate was €1 =
CHF0.93693 (‘Average Fx Rate’).

These converted amounts, plus any items (cash
or equity) provided for in euros, represent the
actual remuneration. In accordance with the
Swiss Code of Obligations (art. 734 para. 2 in
connection with art. 958d, para. 3), the actual
remuneration stated in euros must be
expressed in local currency (i.e., CHF) as well. In
line with the accounting principles, the yearend Fx rate equal to €1 = CHF0.9314 (‘Year-end
Fx rate’) applies in this respect. Amounts
calculated by this means are referred to as
‘CHF Value’.

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

COMPENSATION > BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Compensation of the Board of Directors
Set-up of the compensation of the Board of
Directors

that RSUs are not tied to any individual or
company performance targets. The grant of
RSUs is subject to the following guidelines:

Compensation set-up
•

Our remuneration approach is designed to
engage qualified independent directors who
possess the required balance of personal skills,
competencies, and experience. To ensure that
we provide a fair and competitive remuneration,
we conduct regular benchmarking. It is market
practice to review the remuneration of the
Board of Directors against practices in the
country of domicile, so the companies included
in the Swiss Market Index (SMI) serve as the
benchmark (excluding companies whose
compensation levels are considered materially
higher than the SMI companies). The fees set
are below the median of the reference group.
The remuneration consists of a Base Fee and
Committee Fees to ensure that the Board
Members utilize their skills and competences to
the maximum extent and to reflect the nature
of their responsibilities and time spent. The
Chair receives no fees concerning his
participation in any Committee. To safeguard
independence, fees are not linked to the
achievement of any predefined individual or
company performance targets. The fees for the
Members of the Board of Directors are set and
paid in CHF. To align the interests of the Board
Members Directors with other stakeholders, half
of the Base Fee is awarded in Restricted Share
Units (RSUs), i.e., the right to receive a dsmfirmenich share at vesting. It is explicitly noted

111

•
•
•

•

The number of RSUs granted is calculated
considering the share price at grant date
(i.e., the day after the AGM of that year)
RSUs do not carry voting rights and do not
provide eligibility for dividend payments
Vesting and holding period: three years,
starting at grant date
At the discretion of the Board Member, a
sell-to-cover transaction may be selected
to settle taxes due at vesting
Upon leaving the Board, all outstanding RSUs
recorded as unvested at termination date
shall vest, subject to a holding obligation of
the vested shares of a minimum of one year

Annual fees of the Board of Directors
We pay employer contributions to social
security systems in line with applicable
regulations. These are not included in the
maximum amount of remuneration of the Board
as approved by the General Meeting. Other
than mandatory contributions to the company
pension plan (‘second pillar’) applicable
because of Swiss regulations, the fees are not
pensionable. No mandatory shareholding
requirement applies for the Members of the
Board, no loans will be provided to Members of
the Board of Directors, and expenses incurred
in fulfilling duties are reimbursed, paid on
submission of a statement of expenses.

Annual Base and Committee Fees Board of Directors

Chairman Board of Directors
Vice-Chair Board of Directors
Member Board of Directors
Chair Audit & Risk Committee
Chair other Committees
Member Audit & Risk Committee
Member other Committees

Base Fee
CHF
800,000
245,000
200,000

Committee Fee
CHF

40,000
30,000
25,000
20,000

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Compensation Board of Directors in 2025

Compensation provided to the Members of
the Board of Directors in 2025
Considering the decision that 50% of the Base
Fee will be awarded in cash and the remaining
50% in equity, the tables opposite and on the
following page provide an overview of the total
cash remuneration and the RSU grant in 2025.
The Company did not provide any loans to the
Members of the Board of Directors, nor were
payments made by subsidiaries of dsmfirmenich (except for payments regarding
advisory roles observed by Members of the
Board of Directors, including the Scientific
Advisory Board, as included under ‘Other’).
No loans / credit facilities were granted, nor
were payments made (directly or indirectly) to
persons closely connected to the Members of
the Board of Directors (Closely Associated
Persons). (Audited).

>

Sustainability Statements

Audit & Risk Compensation
Thomas Leysen (Chairman)
Patrick Firmenich (Vice-Chair)
Sze Cotte-Tan
Antoine Firmenich
Carla Mahieu
Erica Mann
Frits van Paasschen
André Pometta
John Ramsay
Richard Ridinger
Corien Wortmann

Governance &
Nomination

Sustainability

Member
Chair
Member
Chair

Member
Chair
Member

Member
Member

Chair

Member
Member

Member

Member

Member

Member

Remuneration provided to the Members of the Board of Directors in 2025 (€) – Audited

In €
Thomas Leysen (Chairman)
Patrick Firmenich (Vice-Chair)
Sze Cotte-Tan
Antoine Firmenich
Carla Mahieu
Erica Mann
Frits van Paasschen
Pradeep Pant⁵
André Pometta
John Ramsay
Richard Ridinger
Corien Wortmann
Total

112

Compensation

Composition of the Committees of the Board of Directors

Assignment to Committees
All Members of the Board of Directors were reelected at the 2025 AGM. The Members of the
Board of Directors are assigned to the various
Committees, as included in the table opposite.

<

Year
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024

Base Fee in
cash
426,878
419,752
130,695
128,566
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961
36,911
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961
106,696
104,961

Committee
Fees¹
32,019
31,489
21,346
20,993
58,702
57,731
53,366
52,482
42,693
34,604
48,029
47,234
7,382
21,346
20,993
42,693
41,986
21,346
20,993
48,029
47,234

Other²
6,917
6,619
50,000
41,667
6,917
6,619
53,146
41,667
40,008
30,006

Number of
RSUs granted
4,531
3,857
1,388
1,181
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964

Face value at
grant³
428,451
409,036
131,249
125,246
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232
107,136
102,232

Remuneration
excl. social
security
contributions
855,329
828,788
300,880
291,920
235,178
228,186
322,534
306,591
267,198
259,675
256,525
241,797
261,861
254,427
44,293
242,095
234,805
256,525
249,179
288,324
269,853
301,869
284,433

2025

1,517,837

389,569

156,988

16,116

1,523,924

3,588,318

92,085

3,680,403

2024

1,529,878

383,121

126,578

13,714

1,454,370

3,493,947

122,686

3,616,633

Social security
Total
contributions⁴ Remuneration
855,329
828,788
12,805
313,685
14,303
306,223
10,115
245,293
11,294
239,480
12,987
335,521
14,510
321,101
267,198
259,675
10,055
266,580
10,316
252,113
261,861
254,427
13,332
57,625
10,115
252,210
11,294
246,099
21,685
278,210
21,026
270,205
7,118
295,442
21,102
290,955
7,205
309,074
5,509
289,942

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

Remuneration provided to the Members of the Board of Directors in 2025 (CHF) – Audited

CHF Value
Thomas Leysen (Chairman)
Patrick Firmenich (Vice-Chair)
Sze Cotte-Tan
Antoine Firmenich
Carla Mahieu
Erica Mann
Frits van Paasschen
Pradeep Pant⁵
André Pometta
John Ramsay
Richard Ridinger
Corien Wortmann
Total

Year
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024

Base Fee in
cash
397,594
395,071
121,729
121,006
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789
34,741
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789
99,377
98,789

Committee
Fees¹
29,822
29,637
19,882
19,759
54,675
54,336
49,705
49,396
39,764
32,569
44,734
44,457
6,948
19,882
19,759
39,764
39,517
19,882
19,759
44,734
44,457

Other²
6,442
6,230
46,570
39,217
6,442
6,230
49,500
39,217
37,263
28,242

Number of
RSUs granted
4,531
3,857
1,388
1,181
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964
1,133
964

Face value at
grant³
399,060
384,984
122,246
117,881
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221
99,787
96,221

Remuneration
excl. social
security
contributions
796,654
780,055
280,239
274,754
219,046
214,769
300,409
288,563
248,869
244,406
238,928
227,579
243,898
239,467
41,689
225,488
220,999
238,928
234,527
268,546
253,986
281,161
267,709

2025

1,413,716

362,844

146,217

16,116

1,419,389

3,342,166

85,768

3,427,934

2024

1,439,919

360,594

119,136

13,714

1,368,854

3,288,503

115,472

3,403,975

Social security
Total
contributions⁴ Remuneration
796,654
780,055
11,927
292,166
13,462
288,216
9,421
228,467
10,630
225,399
12,096
312,505
13,657
302,220
248,869
244,406
9,365
248,293
9,709
237,288
243,898
239,467
12,548
54,237
9,421
234,909
10,630
231,629
20,197
259,125
19,790
254,317
6,630
275,176
19,861
273,847
6,711
287,872
5,185
272,894

1. Positions of the Members of the Board of Directors as explained in previous paragraph. Committee Fees are provided in cash.
2. Concerns fees for advisory roles or second pillar pension contributions if required.
3. Face value at grant – number of Restricted Share Units (RSUs) granted times opening price at grant date. For the total number of RSUs granted in 2025, the fair value used for accounting purposes in accordance with the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) amounts to €1,404,671 (CHF Value: 1,308,311) compared to €1,374,966 in 2024. (CHF Value: 1,294,118).
4. Social security contributions by the Employer based on 2025 remuneration in any relevant jurisdiction.
5. Board membership discontinued as of May 8, 2024.

113

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Compensation voting
The General Meeting of DSM-Firmenich AG on
May 6, 2025 approved (with 97.48% in favor) a
maximum total amount of remuneration for the
Board of Directors of €3,682,582 for the period
starting May 7, 2025 until the 2026 AGM on
May 7. The approved maximum amount was
based on the following considerations:
•

•
•

•

The amount does not include the companyrelated part of social security contributions
paid in line with applicable regulations
Exchange rate fluctuations are not included
Other than mandatory contributions to the
company pension plan (‘second pillar’)
applicable because of Swiss regulations, the
fees are not pensionable
A sum was included to cover unforeseen
circumstances

The table opposite provides an overview of the
total maximum amount of remuneration as
approved by the 2025 Annual General Meeting
(AGM) for the period as of the 2025 AGM until
the 2026 AGM and the actual remuneration
(excluding social security contributions)
awarded as of May 7, 2025 until year-end and
the allocated amount to be paid over the
period January 1, 2026 until May 7, 2026,
thereby considering the Average Fx rate that
applied for 2025.
The total remuneration provided in 2025 to the
Members of the Board of Directors amounted
to €3,588,318 (€3,493,947 in 2024), excluding
social security charges for the account of the
company. This includes the value of the RSU
grant: €1,523,924 (€1,454,370 in 2024) based
on the face value (i.e., opening price) at the
grant date. Because the fee structure has not
changed, the differences between 2025 and

114

2024 are almost exclusively due to the
difference in exchange rate between the Swiss
Franc and the euro.
It is estimated that the total remuneration for
the Board of Directors for the period January 1,
2026 until May 7, 2026 will amount to
€724,983. Added to the remuneration provided
in 2025 (May 7–December 31, 2025), the total
amount of €3,594,456 remains within the
approved maximum amount.
In the 2024 Compensation report, it was
confirmed that the Board of Directors’
compensation in 2024 and the remuneration
allocated at the time for the period January 1
until the 2025 AGM was expected to remain
within the envelope as approved by the General
Meeting. Considering the payments actually
made between January 1 and May 6, 2025
(AGM), this is reconfirmed.
Shareholding
By the end of 2025, the Members of the Board
of Directors, including Closely Associated
Persons, held 16,078,913 (end 2024:
16,078,913) ordinary shares and 46,871 (2024:
30,755) RSUs. The table opposite provides an
overview, detailing:
•

•

The number of ordinary shares held by each
individual Member of the Board of Directors
on December 31 of the relevant year
The number of outstanding RSUs held by
each individual Member of the Board of
Directors on December 31 of the relevant
year

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

Approved maximum total amount of remuneration and actual/allocated remuneration of the
Board of Directors from 2025 AGM until 2026 AGM – Audited

x thousand
Total Remuneration Assumed Fx rate
Total Remuneration Average Fx rate

Approved maximum
remuneration excluding social
security contributions
€
CHF
3,683
3,773

Actual/allocated remuneration
excluding social security
contributions
€
CHF

3,536
3,536

3,508
3,594

3,368
3,368

Number of
Number of
Shares held on Shares held on
31 December
31 December
2025
2024

Number of
RSUs held on
31 December
2025

Number of
RSUs held on
31 December
2024

13,179
4,037
3,295
3,295
3,295
3,295
3,295
3,295
3,295
3,295
3,295
46,871

8,648
2,649
2,162
2,162
2,162
2,162
2,162
2,162
2,162
2,162
2,162
30,755

Shareholdings of the Board of Directors – Audited

Thomas Leysen (Chairman)
Patrick Firmenich (Vice-Chair)
Sze Cotte-Tan
Antoine Firmenich
Carla Mahieu
Erica Mann
Frits van Paasschen
André Pometta
John Ramsay
Richard Ridinger
Corien Wortmann
Total

20,035
4,548,829
3,519,236
7,985,012
1,801
4,000
16,078,913

20,035
4,548,829
3,519,236
7,985,012
1,801
4,000
16,078,913

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

COMPENSATION > EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Compensation of the Executive Committee
Set-up of the compensation of the Executive
Committee
Compensation philosophy
At dsm-firmenich, our remuneration philosophy
reflects who we are: a company committed to
improving wellbeing and driving sustainable
progress. Rewarding performance is not just
about numbers: it’s about recognizing
contributions that benefit stakeholders, society,
and the planet. Our approach is built on three
pillars: fairness, competitiveness, and long-term
value creation. We offer market-relevant
compensation to attract and retain talent,
linking rewards to financial results and our
sustainability goals, securing our license to
operate.
The remuneration structure has a long-term
focus and combines fixed and variable
elements to motivate and recognize strong
contributions. Incentive programs support
ambitious targets, reinforcing strategic
priorities and allowing our employees to share
in our success.
For shareholders and other stakeholders, this
means a structure that drives performance
responsibly, fosters engagement, and secures
dsm-firmenich’s future. We believe the design
is balanced compared to peers and industry
benchmarks and that it supports our strategic
priorities. The key elements of our
compensation philosophy and implementation
guidelines are set out in the overview opposite.

115

Benchmarking
Compensation for the Executive Committee is
benchmarked against the market to ensure that
we attract and retain talented leaders and
remain competitive. This includes a quantitative
review of remuneration levels as well as a
qualitative review of best practices and
developments regarding remuneration in the
public domain. A labor market peer group (see
table opposite) has been defined. The peer
group includes manufacturing companies
headquartered in Europe (a mix of Switzerland,
the Netherlands, and other countries); US
companies are excluded. Acknowledging
recommendations by shareholder
representatives, selected peer-group
companies are comparable in size and
complexity. Indicators considered in this
respect are market capitalization, revenue, and
number of employees.

Key elements of our compensation philosophy and implementation guidelines
•
Reward long-term stakeholder value: Remuneration
•
Simplicity and transparency: Straightforward design
strategies and outcomes are tied to the purpose of the
and transparent communication to all stakeholders are
company and reflect the long-term value created for
essential.
its varied stakeholders.
•

•

Fair and competitive rewards: Reward opportunities
reflect competitive practices of peer companies,
guaranteeing pay equity and competitiveness of total
remuneration, securing pay for performance, and
rewarding superior, sustainable value creation.
Aligned with Group strategy and sustainability
ambitions: Group performance and leadership in
sustainability commitments are reflected in the design
of rewards.

•

Alignment with applicable governance practices: Our
rewards methodology reflects appropriate best
practice and corporate governance standards.

•

Individual choice and diversity: We strive to enable our
people to make personal choices regarding benefit
offerings in line with their needs throughout different
phases of life.

Labor market peer group
Company
ABB
AkzoNobel
Alcon
ASML Holding
Beiersdorf
Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Sprüngli
Danone
Givaudan
Heineken
Henkel
Kerry Group
Koninklijke Philips
Lonza Group
Merck KGA
Reckitt
Sika

Country
Switzerland
Netherlands
Switzerland
Netherlands
Germany
Switzerland
France
Switzerland
Netherlands
Germany
Ireland
Netherlands
Switzerland
Germany
United Kingdom
Switzerland

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Positioning

Compensation structure: Executive Committee at a glance

Total Direct Compensation opportunity for the
CEO has been positioned around the median of
the peer group. There is a strong focus on longterm value creation in the pay-mix design: the
maximum payout can only be achieved by
delivering exceptional performance.

Base salary
Purpose and link to strategy
Fixed pay considering scope of the
role, competencies and skill set

This approach also applies to the other
Executive Committee Members and serves as
the remuneration reference for existing and
future Executive Committee appointments,
considering the scope and responsibilities of
the role. Total remuneration for the individual
Executive Committee Members is around the
median of the peer group.

>

Sustainability Statements

Shareholding obligation

Securing health and well-being, risk Incentive aligning short-term business
protection, and post-employment objectives/drivers with strategic
income
company objectives. Driving pay for
performance

Focus on long-term value creation,
ensuring that business decisions are
in the long-term interests of all stakeholders

Aligning the reward of Executives
with the interests of
stakeholders

Vehicle/delivery
Cash

Subject to plan rules (cash settled) Cash

Performance Share Units (PSUs);
three-year vesting period subject to
predefined goals and targets

Executive Committee Members
obliged to hold company shares

Timing
Monthly

Subject to plan rules

Accrual in respective financial year.
Pay-out in April of consecutive year

Performance and vesting period: three Five years to meet the obligation
consecutive financial years, starting
with the year of grant

Target level (in % Annual Base Salary):
- CEO: 100%
- Other: 85% or 100%

Target level (in % Annual Base Salary):
- CEO: 200%
- Other: 120% or 100%

Minimum pay-out is 0%, maximum
pay-out is capped at 200% of target.
Threshold: No STI pay-out if actual
Adjusted EBITDA is less than 75% of
budgeted Adjusted EBITDA

Maximum vesting capped at 150% or
200% of target

Opportunity
Considering responsibilities of the
Broadly aligned with the wider
role, market competitiveness, internal workforce (in country of employequity and competences
ment) and considering market
practice

Short-Term Incentive

Compensation

Long-Term Incentive

Performance measures
Changes to be based on changes in
responsibilities, performance,
contribution, market developments,
and benchmarking

116

Pension & other benefits

<

Targets are set by the Board of Directors considering financial and
sustainability goals. Their respective weighting is as follows:

In % Annual Base Salary
- CEO: 300%
- Other: 100%

Exposure to dsm-firmenich
share price

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Pay-mix

Base salary

The direct compensation of the Executive
Committee Members is approved by the Board
of Directors. It comprises:

With reference to the Total Direct
Compensation benchmark, base salary is set
acknowledging the scope of responsibilities,
competencies and skill set, and competitive
market data. It is the foundation for determining
the Short- and Long-Term Incentive
opportunity. Base salary is reviewed annually
and may be adjusted considering the
responsibilities in the role, performance, and
contribution of the Executive Committee
Members as well as market movements.

•
•

Total Direct Compensation (base salary,
Short-Term Incentive, Long-Term Incentive)
Benefits, including pension benefits and risk
insurances, company car, and social
security contributions

Total Direct Compensation is strongly linked to
the short- and long-term success of the
company. The incentive plans are designed to
link reward opportunities to business
performance. For the CEO, 75% of the at-target
Total Direct Compensation is linked to incentive
programs. Outstanding business performance
and achievements may result in pay-out or
vesting above target, while performance that
remains below expectation results in a pay-out
below target or a (partial) forfeiture of LTI
grants. Each of the components is further
explained hereafter. The graph below provides
an overview of the applicable pay-mix.

Pension and other benefits
The CEO participates in an international
pension plan, while the Members of the
Executive Committee participate in the local
pension plan of the country in which their
employment resides. The benefits to be
accrued under the respective (international)
plans are similar to the plans applicable to the
workforce in the respective countries (the
international plan mirrors the Swiss pension
scheme).

<

Typical other benefits include a company car
and risk insurances in the event of death in
service or full disability. In specific situations,
temporary housing or typical expatriation
benefits may be foreseen.
Short-Term Incentive
The Short-Term Incentive (STI) scheme is
designed to reward short-term (operational)
performance within the long-term objective of
creating sustainable value and growth,
considering the interests of all stakeholders. For
at-target performance, the annual STI
opportunity amounts to 85% or 100% of annual
base salary. The maximum pay-out is capped
at 200% of target.
For each goal, a target will be set corresponding
to a 100% pay-out. In addition, a floor defines
the level of performance below which no payout will be made, while the cap represents the
level of performance at which the maximum
pay-out is 200% of the target opportunity. Payout levels between floor, target, and the cap are
calculated by linear extrapolation.
In determining the target achievement, the
Board of Directors shall assess whether the
result is fair given business circumstances and
may, at their sole discretion, adjust
achievement accordingly. The STI is subject to
an overall threshold. If the actual Adjusted
EBITDA over the performance year does not
reach 75% of the budgeted Adjusted EBITDA of
the year, no STI will be awarded at all.

Compensation

>

The LTI scheme is a rolling cliff plan covering a
three-year performance period. Any grant is
subject to goals set by the Board of Directors.
For each goal, a target will be set corresponding
to the level of performance that will result in an
at-target vesting (i.e., 100% achievement of the
target). In addition, a floor defines the level of
performance below which no vesting will take
place, while the cap represents the level of
performance at which the maximum vesting is
earned. Achievement between floor, target, and
the maximum is calculated by linear
extrapolation. Final assessment of target
achievement is at the sole discretion of the
Board of Directors.
The at-target grant level for the CEO represents
200% of base salary; maximum vesting is
capped at 150% of target. For other Executive
Committee Members, the at-target grant is set
at 120% or 100% of base salary, with maximum
vesting capped at 150% or 200% of target
respectively.
Main plan features:
•

•

Long-Term Incentive

117

Sustainability Statements

with the interests of all stakeholders and to
support the retention of talented leaders.

•

The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) is designed to
ensure long-term value creation and alignment

>

•

Grant of Performance Share Units (PSUs),
i.e., the right to receive – upon vesting – one
ordinary dsm-firmenich share for each PSU,
provided the vesting criteria are met
Vesting is subject to continued employment
and the achievement of the performance
goals set for the respective grant
In specific situations, also the grant of
Restricted Share Units (RSUs) is possible;
vesting is subject to continued employment
only
Vesting and holding period: three years
starting from the grant date

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

•
•

•

Performance period: three financial years
starting on January 1 of the year of grant
The number of share units to be granted is
determined by the base salary at the grant
date and the average share price over the
reference period to be set by the Board of
Directors
At vesting, Grantees may elect a sell-tocover in order to settle the withholding of
social security contributions and
withholding of taxes due at the vesting date

Share ownership guidance
To align the interests of the Executive
Committee Members even further with those of
our stakeholders, the Members of the Executive
Committee are required to hold a minimum
multiple of their annual base salary in dsmfirmenich ordinary shares equivalent to:

goals underpin our commitment to contribute
to a better world, while at the same time
generating profitable growth in line with our key
strategic goals.
Concerning our incentive programs, the Board
of Directors will set goals, their weight, and
targets (i.e., the metric to be achieved). The
weighting shall reflect the importance of both
financial and sustainability aspirations. In doing
so, the Board of Directors may respond in an
agile way to business needs and/or strategy
adjustments in a changing environment. In
doing this, the Board of Directors shall:
•
•
•
•

•
•

CEO: three times annual base salary
Other Members: one annual base salary

The required value must be accrued within a
five-year period. Only shares in the form of fully
vested shares obtained upon the vesting of
share units granted under a Company program
or shares privately acquired on the open
market are considered.
Goal-setting
A broader set of key performance indicators is
in place for dsm-firmenich, some of which
feature in our incentive programs. This relates
to targets that reflect our financial performance
and sustainability goals, since bringing progress
to life goes hand in hand with profitable growth.
The design of our Short- and Long-Term
Incentive plans emphasizes the importance of
building long-term growth opportunities. Our

118

•

Derive goals from the company strategy
Focus on objectives instrumental to
achieving long-term value creation
Consider historical performance, business
outlook and circumstances, and priorities
Take into account stakeholders’
expectations
Ensure that targets are stretching, in order
to drive competitive advantage while
discouraging excessive risk-taking

No individual goals are included.
Following the end of an applicable performance
period, the Board of Directors will compare the
actual performance with the targets that were
set and will assess whether the result is
considered fair given (business) circumstances
and may at their sole discretion, adjust
achievement accordingly.
Within the limits of business-sensitive
information, dsm-firmenich will give
stakeholders insight into target-setting and
achievement.

<

Employment terms and conditions
All employment agreements of the Members of
the Executive Committee include a clause
prohibiting (changes in) pay to be executed if
such (change in) remuneration is not included
in the maximum amount of remuneration
approved by the General Meeting.
Members of the Executive Committee have an
employment agreement for an indefinite period
of time and are subject to a notice period of six
or twelve months. During this period (unless
there has been a termination for cause),
entitlement to base salary and STI continues.
Unvested Long-Term Incentives grants are
forfeited on the effective date of a resignation
or termination for cause. In other cases of a
termination of employment, unvested LTI grants
will vest on a pro rata basis on the effective
date of such termination.
In accordance with Swiss law, no severance
payments or change-in-control provisions are
agreed or paid. The employment arrangements
of the CEO and the Members of the Executive
Committee include non-compete as well as
non-solicitation clauses.
Non-compete provisions will be activated on a
case-by-case basis and are in line with the
Swiss Code of Obligations and shall not exceed
a period of 12 months. Indemnities in view of a
non-compete will consider base salary and
benefits only (over the term the non-compete
applies). The Board of Directors may, at its
discretion, recover variable remuneration
awarded on the basis of incorrect data,
provided that such recovery is required by law
and/or will result in the re-statement of annual
accounts. This right of recovery shall expire
three years from the date of the adoption by

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

the General Meeting of the annual accounts in
which the (last instalment of the) applicable
variable remuneration has been accounted for.

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Compensation of the Executive Committee
in 2025
Composition of the Executive Committee
As referred to in the Introduction to this
Compensation report, a few changes in the
composition of the Executive Committee
occurred in 2025. Laetitia Pictet, Chief Legal,
Risk and Compliance Officer, took over from
Jane Sinclair, who stepped down effective May
1, 2025. In response to the carve-out of the
Animal Nutrition Health business and
addressing its standalone status, Ivo
Lansbergen stepped down from the Executive
Committee effective October 1, 2025. This
report includes the compensation of Jane
Sinclair, Laetitia Pictet, and Ivo Lansbergen for
the duration of their terms as Member of the
Executive Committee in 2025.

full disability, as well as housing and other
benefits associated with international
assignments, amounted to €1,819,277 (CHF
Value: 1,694,475).

•

Base salary
•

Base salaries were adjusted in line with
observed market movements. On an annual
basis, the CEO’s base salary was, with effect
from April 1, 2025, adjusted to CHF 1,425,263.
This represents an increase of 3% compared to
2024 (CHF 1,383,750). Similar adjustments
applied for other Executive Committee
Members.
Pension and other benefits
The total contribution to the pension plan for
the CEO amounted to €200,698; CHF value,
186,930 (2024: €192,086 CHF Value: 180,791).
For the other Members of the Executive
Committee, the amount is €1,181,972 (CHF
Value: 1,100,889). The total spend on other
benefits, such as a company car and risk
insurances in the event of death in service or

119

•

If the defined target is achieved, the payout is equal to the at-target percentage
times base salary times the weight assigned
to the respective goal
A minimum floor is set for each goal; an
achievement below this threshold results in
no pay-out
Over-performance results in a pay-out
exceeding 100%, where the maximum
achievement is capped at 200% of the ‘attarget’ weighting of the respective goal

Between floor and target and between target
and cap, a linear extrapolation determines the
achievement and pay-out.
In case of a ‘Safety fatality’, the Safety target
will not result in a pay-out. If the actual
Adjusted EBITDA over the performance year
does not reach 75% of the budgeted Adjusted
EBITDA of the year, no STI will be awarded at all.
We have a focus on (organic) growth based on
our scientific backbone and innovations. Sales

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Overview of 2025 STI goals
Goal type

Short-Term Incentive (STI)
On an annual basis, the at-target STI
opportunity is set at 100% of base salary for
the CEO. The at-target STI for other Members
of the Executive Committee is set at 85% or
100% of base salary on an annual basis. The
maximum pay-out is capped at 200% of the
at-target opportunity. Goals have been defined
by the Board of Directors; for each goal
(overview opposite), a target and pay-out curve
are defined:

<

Financial
goals

Sustainability
goals

Goal

Weight

Adjusted EBITDA
(constant currency)

35%

Adjusted gross
operating free cash
flow

15%

Organic sales growth

20%

Safety

15%

Employee Engagement

15%

Definition
•

The IFRS metric operating profit plus depreciation, amortization,
and impairments, adjusted for material items of profit or loss, as
defined under 'APM adjustments'

•

Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted for intrinsic changes in the working
capital, minus capital expenditures. This metric is based on
continuing operations

•

Sales growth, excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestments,
and currency changes

•

Total Recordable Incidents Rate: (i) including supervised and
non-supervised contractors and (ii) excluding health and
security incidents

•

Employee engagement: Degree to which employees are
passionate about their work and find it meaningful

growth is a yardstick to measure progress in
this respect. Strong EBITDA performance and
cash flow ensure profitability and liquidity to
enhance innovations and to explore new
opportunities. Our employees are the
backbone of our success. Their well-being in
the organization is vital to realize our objectives,
making safety and engagement of our
workforce important parameters.
STI achievement
We are an innovation-focused consumer
company, leveraging our unique portfolio and
capabilities to further strengthen our position
as a global leader in nutrition, health, and
beauty.
We delivered good progress across our
continuing operations this year. Performance
was solid, supported by synergy delivery and
healthy cash generation. We launched our
Sustainability Program with renewed 2030

targets, showing that doing business and
driving sustainability go hand in hand.
Our innovative solutions continue to play a
critical role in essential, everyday consumer
products, underscoring the strength of our
portfolio. The macroeconomic backdrop in the
second half of 2025 impacted the results.
While we saw solid sales growth in the first half
of the year, this was offset in the second half.
Adjusted EBITDA and cash flow (both at
constant currency) ended below target. On
Safety, we met our target and remain fully
committed to further improvement. The fatality
we tragically recorded was caused by a third
party, who is prosecuted by the authorities.
dsm-firmenich has not been held responsible
for any safety violation. Our Engagement Scores
remained very strong, increasing even with 1%
versus previous year, as did overall
participation of our employees. This STI target
has been met. The commitment of our people
is a cornerstone of our company’s success.

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

2025 Short-Term Incentive achievement

The 2025 grant was implemented March 31,
2025. The performance period starts on
January 1, 2025 and ends on December 31,
2027. The vesting is set for March 31, 2028.
PSUs have been granted to the Members of the
Executive Committee, subject to the goals (as
included in the next section).

Goal
Adjusted EBITDA at constant currency¹
Adjusted gross operating free cash flow²
Organic sales growth
Safety (TRI)
Employee engagement

Weight
35%
15%
20%
15%
15%

Total 2025

100%

70.7%

Total 2024

100%

175.0%

On an annual basis, the at-target LTI
opportunity for the CEO is set at 200% of base
salary (vesting is capped at 150% of the
number of PSUs granted at-target). For other
Members of the Executive Committee, the attarget grant is set at 120% of base salary
(vesting is capped at 150% of the number of
PSUs granted at-target) or at 100% of base
salary (vesting is capped at 200% of the
number of PSUs granted at-target).
The 2025 grant is implemented by dividing the
at-target grant value (% of base salary) by the
average opening price of the share on the
Amsterdam stock exchange over the reference
period (i.e., €97.97). The table opposite
provides an overview of the number of share
units granted, the face value of such grant
(opening price on the date of grant) as well as
the fair value calculated at grant date
(according to IFRS rules).

Actual
€2,409m
€1,476m
3%
0.26
0.80

Achievement
79.5%
86.0%
0%
100%
100%

Pay-out in %
of base salary
27.8%
12.9%
0.0%
15.0%
15.0%

1. Adjusted EBITDA of €2.279 million, considering a foreign exchange impact of €90 million and adjusting for divestment impact of €40 million.
2. Adjusted gross operating free cash flow of €1.305 million, considering a foreign exchange rate impact of €90 million, adjusting for divestment impact of
€40 million and adjusted for legal cost of € 41 million.

STI accrued in 2025 – Audited
Dimitri de Vreeze, CEO
ExCo Members, excl. CEO
Former ExCo Members
Total Executive Committee

Year
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024

€
1,067,662
2,526,299
3,520,489
8,576,309
590,427

CHF Value
994,420
2,377,753
3,278,983
8,072,021
555,710

2025

4,588,151

4,273,403

2024

11,693,035

11,005,484

Overview of 2025 LTI grant – Audited

Dimitri de Vreeze, CEO
ExCo Members, excl. CEO
Former ExCo Members
Total Executive Committee

120

Target
€2,450m
€1,525m
6%
≥0.24-≤0.26
≥75-≤80

Face value
€
CHF Value
2,744,623
2,556,342
3,148,029
2,962,925
5,210,385
4,852,952
6,451,179
6,071,849
-

Fair value
€
CHF Value
2,525,557
2,352,304
2,910,565
2,739,424
4,794,511
4,465,608
5,964,549
5,613,834
-

86,978

7,955,008

7,409,294

7,320,068

6,817,912

90,286

9,599,208

9,034,774

8,875,114

8,353,258

Year
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024

Number of
PSUs granted
30,009
29,609
56,969
60,677
-

2025
2024

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Overview of goals and targets 2025 LTI grant

Goals of the 2025 LTI-grant

Goals (overview opposite) are set by the Board
of Directors. Combining the essential, the
desirable, and the sustainable to bring progress
to life is translated into our LTI targets. Total
Shareholder Return is an indicator of how we
perform against the business segments in
which we operate. Strong ROCE performance
drives our investment and growth initiatives.
Sustainability is a business driver and core
responsibility, determining our license to
operate. Reducing our own and our customers’
greenhouse gas emissions is one of the areas in
which we can make a difference. We empower
our people to thrive in the business. Improving
on Inclusion & Belonging fosters new
perspectives, enabling us to respond more
quickly and flexibly to global trends. It also
encourages (product) innovations while
attracting and retaining the best talent.

Goal Type

For each goal, a pay-out curve is defined:
•

•

•

•

121

If the defined target is achieved, the vesting
shall be equal to the number of granted
PSUs at-target times the weight assigned to
the respective goal
A minimum floor is set for each goal; an
achievement below this threshold results in
no vesting related to the relevant goal
Over-performance results in a vesting
exceeding the at-target level, where the
maximum achievement is capped at 150%
or 200% of the at-target weighting of the
respective goal
Between floor and target and cap, a linear
extrapolation determines the achievement
and vesting

Financial goals

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

Goal

Weight

Definition

Total Shareholder
Return (TSR)

25%

Core Return on Capital
Employed (CROCE)

25%

Operating profit as percentage of weighted average capital employed adjusted for depreciation and amortization of mergerrelated accounting adjustments and Alternative performance measures (APM) adjustments

Absolute greenhouse
gas reduction

25%

Absolute greenhouse gas emissions reduction of Scope 1 & 2 as well as Scope 3 emissions aligned with the SBTi-validated line
of dsm-firmenich

Inclusion & Belonging

25%

Gender and nationality diversity of dsm-firmenich’s Global Management Team (GMT)
Inclusion score as measured in the engagement survey

Sum of capital gain and dividends paid, representing the total return to shareholders; the relative ranking (within the peer
group) reflects the overall performance relative to our peers
The TSR peer group for the 2025 grant includes: ADM, AKK, Beiersdorf, Croda, Danone, dsm-firmenich, Estee Lauder, Givaudan,
Henkel, IFF, Ingredion, Kerry Group, Lonza, L’Oréal, McCormick, Nestlé, Novonesis, Reckitt, Sensient, Symrise and Unilever

Sustainability goals

Targets and vesting scheme of the 2025 LTI-grant
Vesting formula: TSR

Vesting formula: Core Return on Capital Employed

Compared to the TSR peer group, if dsm-firmenich is

If Core Return of Capital Employed

-

Below median
@ median
@ 60th percentile
≥80th percentile

no vesting
Floor (80% vesting)
Target (100% vesting)
Cap (200% vesting)

-

Below 10%
≥10%
11%
≥12%

No vesting
Floor (50% vesting)
Target (100% vesting)
Cap (200% vesting)

Vesting formula: reduction of greenhouse gas emissions

Vesting formula: Inclusion & Belonging GMT

If reduction of greenhouse gas emissions

If the gender/nationality diversity ratio and/or Inclusion index at the end of
the performance period is

Scope 1 & 2
- Below 18.5%
- ≥18.5%
- 28.0%
- ≥35.0%

Scope 3
- Below 11.0%
- ≥11.0%
- 16.7%
- ≥20.8%

No vesting
Floor (50% vesting)
Target (100% vesting)
Cap (200% vesting)

Gender /nationality diversity
― - Below 53%
― - ≥53%
― - 54%
― ≥55%

Inclusion index
- Below 67%
- ≥67%
- 70%
- ≥73%

No vesting
Floor (50% vesting)
Target (100% vesting)
Cap (200% vesting)

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Total compensation
With reference to the remarks made in the section on Currency, the total remuneration to the Members of the Executive Committee in 2025, excluding social security contributions, amounts to €22,667,442
(compared to €35,323,388 in 2024), as included in the tables below. No loans were provided to Members of the Executive Committee, and no payments have been made by any subsidiary of the Company. Neither
DSM-Firmenich AG nor any of its subsidiaries granted loans/credit facilities or made payments (directly or indirectly) to persons closely connected to the Members of the Executive Committee (Audited).
Total remuneration of the Executive Committee 2025 – Audited

In €
Dimitri de Vreeze, CEO
ExCo Members, excl. CEO
Former ExCo Members⁷
Total Executive Committee

Number of
PSUs granted⁴
30,009
29,609
56,969
60,677
-

Face value at
grant⁵
2,744,623
3,148,029
5,210,385
6,451,179
-

Total Variable
Remuneration
3,812,285
5,674,328
8,730,874
15,027,488
590,427

Remuneration
excl. social
security
contribution
5,751,210
7,473,425
16,878,019
26,376,043
38,213
1,473,920

Year
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024

Base salary
1,510,131
1,443,599
5,412,205
5,329,305
496,937

Pension
contribution¹
200,698
192,086
1,181,972
1,113,906
75,563

Other
benefits²
228,096
163,412
1,552,968
4,905,344
38,213
310,993

Total Fixed
Remuneration
1,938,925
1,799,097
8,147,145
11,348,555
38,213
883,493

Short-Term
Incentive
(STI)³
1,067,662
2,526,299
3,520,489
8,576,309
590,427

2025

6,922,336

1,382,670

1,819,277

10,124,283

4,588,151

86,978

7,955,008

12,543,159

22,667,442

1,769,711

24,437,153

2024

7,269,841

1,381,555

5,379,749

14,031,145

11,693,035

90,286

9,599,208

21,292,243

35,323,388

1,523,364

36,846,752

Number of
PSUs granted⁴
30,009
29,609
56,969
60,677
-

Face value at
grant⁵
2,556,342
2,962,925
4,852,953
6,071,850
-

Total Variable
Remuneration
3,550,762
5,340,678
8,131,936
14,143,871
555,710

Remuneration
excl. social
security
contribution
5,356,677
7,033,987
15,720,187
24,825,131
35,592
1,387,254

Social security
Total
contribution⁶ Remuneration
17,855
5,769,065
16,747
7,490,172
1,749,249
18,627,268
1,243,797
27,619,840
2,607
40,820
262,820
1,736,740

Total remuneration of the Executive Committee 2025 – Audited

CHF Value
Dimitri de Vreeze, CEO
ExCo Members, excl. CEO
Former ExCo Members⁷
Total Executive Committee

Year
2025
2024
2025
2024
2025
2024

Base salary
1,406,536
1,358,715
5,040,928
5,015,942
467,717

Pension
contribution¹
186,930
180,791
1,100,889
1,048,408
71,120

Other
benefits²
212,449
153,803
1,446,434
4,616,910
35,592
292,707

Total Fixed
Remuneration
1,805,915
1,693,309
7,588,251
10,681,260
35,592
831,544

Short-Term
Incentive
(STI)³
994,420
2,377,753
3,278,983
8,072,021
555,710

2025

6,447,464

1,287,819

1,694,475

9,429,758

4,273,403

86,978

7,409,295

11,682,698

21,112,456

1,648,309

22,760,765

2024

6,842,374

1,300,319

5,063,420

13,206,113

11,005,484

90,286

9,034,775

20,040,259

33,246,372

1,433,790

34,680,162

Social security
Total
contribution⁶ Remuneration
16,630
5,373,307
15,762
7,049,749
1,629,251
17,349,438
1,170,662
25,995,793
2,428
38,020
247,366
1,634,620

1. Employer contributions to pension plans.
2. Health and welfare benefits, company car and other benefits, incl. international assignment benefits if applicable.
3. Short-Term Incentive (STI); annual cash settled incentive, accrued in reporting period based on performance in the reporting period.
4. Performance Share Units granted March 31, 2025, to vest March 31, 2028.
5. Face value at grant – number of PSUs granted times opening price at grant date. For the total number of PSUs granted in 2025, the fair value used for accounting purposes in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) amounts to €7,320,068 (CHF Value: 6,817,911), compared to €8,875,114 in 2024. (CHF
Value: 8,353,257).
6. Social security contributions by the Employer based on 2025 remuneration.
7. (One-off) Contractual obligation toward former Member of the Executive Committee.

122

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Shareholding obligation
In addition to the vested performance shares,
Members of the Executive Committee also
invested in dsm-firmenich stock. Stocks were
bought through private transactions with
private funds. The first table opposite provides
an overview of the number of shares held at
year-end by the CEO and (aggregated) the
Members of the Executive Committee
(including Closely Associated Persons). The
CEO significantly exceeds the shareholding
obligation (300% of base salary). Depending on
whether the legacy company had a cashsettled (Firmenich) or equity-settled (DSM)
Long-Term Incentive plan, also various
Members of the Executive Committee exceed
the shareholding obligation (100% of base
salary). Executive Committee Members only
hold PSUs or shares; potential risks associated
with these instruments are therefore not
hedged by other financial instruments.
Compensation voting
The General Meeting of May 7, 2024 approved a
maximum total amount of remuneration for the
Executive Committee of €39.494 million for
2025. In establishing the amount, the Assumed
Fx rate (€1 = CHF 0.98) was applied.
The approved maximum total amount of
remuneration includes the fixed base salary,
benefits, and the maximum STI that can be
achieved. Regarding the LTI, the amount
included represents the at-target value of the
grant as a percentage of Annual Base Salary.
The number of PSUs is calculated considering
the average share price over a reference period.
Therefore, the approved maximum amount
includes an amount to offset an eventual

123

appreciation of the share price on the grant
date compared to the reference period.
An amount of €4.107 million is included for
other and unforeseen items. This amount
concerns, among other things, obligations
toward Executive Committee Members
following international assignment
arrangements and will otherwise be used to
cover unforeseen circumstances such as
changes in regulatory requirements. The
approved amount does not include any
additional tax levies imposed on the employer
nor the company-related portion of
contributions to social security systems paid in
line with applicable laws and regulations in any
geography. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations
are also not included, nor obligations toward
Executive Committee Members confirmed by
the legacy companies prior to the appointment
into the Executive Committee of dsmfirmenich. This includes, but is not limited to,
special payments by Royal DSM and Firmenich
SA as referred to in the Offering Circular (issued
November 22, 2022) or the vesting of LongTerm Incentives granted prior to the Settlement
Date (as such term is defined in the Offering
Circular).
As the tables opposite demonstrate, the total
remuneration excluding social security
contributions provided in 2025 to all Members
of the Executive Committee amounts to
€22.667 million (compared to €35.323 million
over 2024) and remains within the approved
maximum total amount of remuneration of
€41,309 million (based on average Fx rate).
Considering the Average Fx rate, the total
remuneration provided in 2025 amounts to
CHF21.238 million (compared to CHF33.653
million over 2024).

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Shareholding Executive Committee – Audited

Dimitri de Vreeze, CEO
ExCo Members, excl. CEO
Total Executive Committee

Number of Shares held on 31
December 2025
90,854
94,388
185,242

Number of Shares held on 31
December 2024
86,933
97,056
183,989

Approved maximum total amount of remuneration and actual remuneration of the Executive
Committee in 2025 – Audited

x thousand
Total Remuneration Assumed Fx rate
Total Remuneration Average Fx rate

x thousand

Approved maximum
remuneration excluding social
security contributions
€
CHF

Actual remuneration excluding
social security contributions
€

CHF

39,494

38,704

21,671

21,238

41,309

38,704

22,667

21,238

Approved maximum
Actual remuneration excluding
remuneration excluding social
social security contributions
security contributions
€
€

Fixed remuneration & Benefits Average Fx rate
Maximum STI accrued over 2025 Average Fx rate
LTI (face value at grant date) Average Fx rate
Other and unforeseen Average Fx rate

12,269
13,671
11,073
4,296

9,633
4,588
7,955
491

Total remuneration Average Fx rate

41,309

22,667

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

COMPENSATION > OTHER MANDATES

Other mandates
According to Article 22 of the Articles of
Association, the Members of the Board of
Directors and the Executive Committee may
accept mandates outside dsm-firmenich
subject to defined limitations.
A Member of the Board of Directors can hold up
to four mandates in listed firms and four in nonlisted firms. A Member of the Executive
Committee can hold one mandate in listed
firms and up to three in non-listed firms. It is
noted that a position as Chair in a publicly
listed company is equivalent to two mandates.
The overview opposite concerns the other
mandates with listed or non-listed firms with an
economic interest held by the Members of the
Board of Directors and the Executive
Committee.

Outlook for
2026
At the 2026 Annual General Meeting (AGM),
shareholders will be asked to vote on the total
maximum amount of remuneration both for the
Board of Directors for the period until the 2027
AGM and for the Executive Committee for the
financial year 2027. Furthermore, at the 2026
AGM an advisory vote is requested for the 2025
Compensation Report. We will continue to seek
dialogue with investors and other stakeholders
and will keep monitoring societal trends and
market practices.

124

Overview of other mandates – Audited
Thomas Leysen
•
Umicore (L):1 Non-Executive Chair of the Supervisory Board
•
Mediahuis (N):2 Non-Executive Chair of the Board

Board of Directors
Patrick Firmenich
•
UBS AG (L): Non-Executive Director

Sze Cotte-Tan
•
Foodplant Pte Ltd (N): Non-Executive Chair
•
Clay Capital (N): Member of the Advisory Committee

Antoine Firmenich
•
Aquilus Pte Ltd (Singapore) (N): Managing Director
•
Aquilus Management Ltd (Bermuda) (N): Executive Director
•
Alatus Capital (N): Co-Founder & Non-Executive Director

Carla Mahieu
•
Arcadis (L): Non-Executive Director
•
Vodafone Ziggo Group B.V. Netherlands (N): Non-Executive Director
•
CVC DIF Capital Partners B.V. (N): Non-Executive Director

Erica Mann
• Kellanova (L): Non-Executive Director (stepped down in December 2025)
• ALS Ltd. (L): Non-Executive Director
• Kenvue Inc.(L); Non-Executive Director (since March 2025)

Frits van Paasschen
•
Williams Sonoma (L): Non-Executive Director
•
Amadeus IT Group (L): Non-Executive Director
•
Another Star (former CitizenM Hotels) (N): Non-Executive Director
•
J Crew Group (N): Non-Executive Director

André Pometta
•
White Lobster (N): Non-Executive Director
•
Noyb SA (+ Affiliates) (N): Non-Executive Director

John Ramsay
•
RHI Magnesita N.V. (L): Non-Executive Director
•
Croda International PLC (L): Non-Executive Director (stepped down March 1, 2025)
•
Babcock International PLC (L): Non-Executive Director

Richard Ridinger
•
Brenntag SE (L): Chair of the Supervisory Board
•
Recipharm AB (N): Chairman of the Board
•
Novo Holdings (N): Member of the Advisory Board

Corien Wortmann
•
Aegon Ltd (L): Non-Executive Vice Chair of the Board
•
Deloitte Netherlands (N): Vice Chair of the Supervisory Board

Executive Committee
Mieke Van de Capelle
•
Spadel (L): Non-Executive Director

1. Listed company
2. Non-listed company

Philip Eykerman
•
Umicore (L): Non-Executive Director Supervisory Board
•
Anqore (N): Member Supervisory Board (since 2024)

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

COMPENSATION > REPORT OF THE STATUTORY AUDITOR

Report of the Statutory Auditor

125

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

COMPENSATION > REPORT OF THE STATUTORY AUDITOR

Report of the Statutory Auditor

126

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

Sustainability
Statements

127

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

128

General information

129
130
133
135
142
145

Basis for preparation
Governance
Strategy
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
Policies
Stakeholder engagement

153

Environmental information

154
166
168
171
176

Climate change
Pollution
Water and marine resources
Biodiversity and ecosystems
EU taxonomy

178

Social information

179
191
194

Own workforce
Workers in the value chain
Consumers and end-users

197

Governance information

198

Business conduct

199

Appendix to the Sustainability Statements

200
213
219
220
220
221
222

Methodologies
ESRS content index
Swiss Code of Obligations
Swiss Ordinance on Climate Matters
Swiss Ordinance on Due Diligence
Taskforce for Nature-related Financial Disclosures
Additional voluntary reporting

223

Assurance report of the independent auditor

>

Governance, Risk Management, and Business Ethics

General
information

128

<

Compensation

>

Sustainability Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION

Basis for preparation
Reporting policy and justification of choices
This is dsm-firmenich’s third Integrated Annual
Report. In it, we report for the calendar year
2025. Our previous Report was the dsmfirmenich Integrated Annual Report 2024,
published on February 28, 2025.
All sustainability data is reported on the basis
of total dsm-firmenich, comprising continuing
and discontinued operations unless explicitly
stated otherwise. The ANH carve-out will have a
material impact on our sustainability data and
plans. This impact is currently being assessed
and will be reported at a later stage.
Mandatory reporting requirements
The basis for our non-financial reporting is the
Swiss Code of Obligations (CO). The
Sustainability Report, as described in Article
964b CO of the Code, consists of all the
information within the Sustainability
Statements chapter.
This Report also provides relevant climaterelated financial disclosures as required by the
Swiss Ordinance on Climate Disclosures. This
Ordinance is based on the ‘Recommendations
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures report, version of June 2017’, and
the ‘Annex Implementing the
Recommendations of the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures, version
of October 2021’. A mapping of the
Sustainability Statements against Article 964b

129

CO and this Ordinance is provided in the
Appendix. Our disclosures in the Sustainability
Statements are reported in accordance with
the European Sustainability Reporting
Standards (as set out in ‘Annex 1 to the
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
2023/2772 of July 31, 2023 supplementing
Directive 2013/34/EU of the European
Parliament and of the Council as regards
sustainability reporting standards’) and the EU
Taxonomy (as set out in ‘Regulation (EU)
2020/852 of June 18, 2020’). They are
subjected to limited assurance. A number of
metrics are subjected to reasonable assurance
and are indicated with [RA]. The definitions,
methodologies, and judgements and
assumptions that support the metrics and
targets reported in the Sustainability
Statements are provided in the Methodologies
section in the Appendix. We are actively
following the discussions regarding Omnibus
and the simplification of EU reporting
requirements, and their implications on our
reporting and approach.
Voluntary reporting requirements
Our reporting is also based on voluntary nonfinancial reporting guidelines.
We reported with reference to the GRI
Standards for the period January 1, 2025 to
December 31, 2025. A detailed overview of how
we report according to the GRI Standards
indicators, including a reference to relevant

sections in this Report, is provided in the GRI
Content Index, available on our website.
We are taking steps to incorporate the
recommendations of the TNFD into our
reporting approach. The TNFD framework
provides voluntary guidance for assessing and
disclosing nature-related dependencies,
impacts, risks, and opportunities. Through this,
we aim to strengthen transparency on how
nature-related issues influence our business
model and value chain. A table on the TNFD
recommendations is provided in the Appendix.

Requirements. The use of these is included in
the ESRS Content Index provided in the
Appendix and noted in the Metrics column of
the Material topics table.

We have also aligned our approach with the
SDGs and are familiar with the opportunities
and responsibilities the SDGs represent for our
business. We embrace all SDGs, but have
highlighted in our Value creation model those
particular goals which most closely align with
our business activities.

•

Omissions and transitional provisions
ESRS allows issuers to omit information due to
intellectual property, know-how or innovationrelated reasons. We have not used this option.
ESRS also contains transitional provisions
relating to entity-specific disclosures, value
chain information, comparative information, and
phased-in Disclosure Requirements, the latter
of which were extended as part of the ESRS
“quick fix” Delegated Act of July 2025. dsmfirmenich has made use of transitional
provisions relating to entity-specific
disclosures and to phased-in Disclosure

Time horizons
The time horizons used in the Sustainability
Statements are:
•

•

Short term: Up to one year, consistent with
the reporting period in the financial
statements
Medium term: One to three years
Long term: More than three years

The medium-term and long-term time horizons
have been adopted to be consistent with the
time horizons that are used in the Risk
Management process. The lifetime of our assets
is not considered in the definitions of the time
horizons due to the variability in our operational
footprint.
Prior period restatements
Where changes that can affect prior‑period
information have been identified, the affected
comparative figures have been restated to
ensure consistency and comparability of the
reported information. Restatements are made
based on our judgement with consideration for
the materiality of the restatement. Each
restatement is disclosed in the location where
the corrected figure is presented, including the
cause of the restatement.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > GOVERNANCE

Governance

Administrative, management, and
supervisory bodies

related topics. These teams are chaired by a
senior executive.

Board of Directors and Executive Committee

Group Sustainability Leadership Team

The Board of Directors is our highest executive
oversight body. It has the ultimate authority on
matters relating to Sustainability, including
climate and nature. Furthermore, the Board of
Directors has established a Sustainability
Committee responsible for reviewing
sustainability and the sustainability
performance of the company.

The Group Sustainability Leadership Team
(GSLT), chaired by our Chief Sustainability
Officer (CSO), is composed of senior
sustainability leaders representing Group
Sustainability, our Business Units, and our
Operations, Procurement, and Science &
Research functions. The GSLT drives the
sustainability program of the company and
ensures this is translated to the Business Unit
and functional plans and strategies. The GSLT
agenda includes climate, nature, social impact
(including human rights), nutrition, and
sustainability reporting.

According to the independence criteria
described in Board of Directors, 73% of
members are independent. 81% have relevant
skills in the area of Sustainability/ESG. 37% of
the members are female. All members of the
Board of Directors are non-executive.
Employees and other workers are not directly
represented on the Board. By way of delegation
of the Board of Directors, the Executive
Committee, led by our CEO, is responsible for
the management of the company, including
pursuing leadership on sustainability, and
implementing our strategy. More information on
the Board of Directors and the Sustainability
Committee can be found in Board of Directors,
and on the Executive Committee in Executive
Committee.
Functional leadership teams
Functional leadership teams have been
established to manage specific sustainability-

130

Operations Leadership Team
Our Operations Leadership Team (OLT) drives
excellence and provides us with a competitive
advantage in operations. It defines our
operations strategy and ensures consistent
application of our operational standards by
providing overall direction, developing our
company-wide SHE&S community, and
identifying and jointly executing synergies and
value creation.
Operations Committee
The Operations Committee is chaired by our
Chief Operations Officer (COO). This
Committee consists of the functional leaders of

Operations (including SHE&S), Procurement
and Supply Chain and ensures the multidisciplinary connection between functions.
SHE&S Leadership Team
The SHE&S Leadership Team (SHE&S LT)
ensures that our SHE&S standards meet the
requirement to assure the safety and health of
our employees and customers and to protect
the environment and our assets. This LT is
supported by our functional leadership teams
and functional networks. Its role is to connect
the overarching strategies and standards with
the work of planning and execution carried out
by our functions and Business Units.
Human Resources Leadership Team
The Human Resources Leadership Team (HRLT)
is responsible for our holistic human resources
(HR) agenda. It is chaired by the Chief Human
Resources Officer, who is a member of the
Executive Committee. The HRLT is composed of
the Heads of the Group HR expertise areas,
Regional HR and Business Unit HR heads. It sets
the strategic direction for HR and aligns the
Group and the Business Unit HR agendas. The
HLRT discusses cross-cutting HR projects and
provides inspiration and expertise on HR topics,
including opportunities for improvements and
the application of best practices.
Procurement Leadership Team

The Procurement Leadership Team (PLT) is
responsible for driving the implementation of
our responsible sourcing ambition and regularly
reviewing progress. The PLT is chaired by the
Chief Procurement Officer (CPO), who reports
directly to the COO. The CPO oversees the
Responsible Sourcing team, led by the Vice
President of Responsible Sourcing. This team is
responsible for deploying the responsible
sourcing framework across our supply chains
and for defining its strategy, guidance, and
priorities.
Sustainability-related performance
measures in incentive schemes
Sustainability-related metrics are embedded in
the incentive schemes of our company. For the
Executive Committee, sustainability goals are
weighted at:
•
•

30% of the STI, consisting of Safety and
Employee engagement at 15% each
50% of the LTI, consisting of Absolute
greenhouse gas reduction (Scope 1 & 2 and
Scope 3) and Diversity of the Global
Management team at 25% each

The Restricted and Performance Share Unit Plan
provides eligible employees with a long-term
incentive scheme with comparable conditions
and goals to that of the Executive committee.
More information on these schemes can be
found in the Compensation report 2025 and
Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Statement on due diligence

Identifying and assessing adverse impacts

Due diligence element

Reference

dsm-firmenich embeds due diligence across
our policies and processes for our upstream
value chain and our own operations. The stages
of the due diligence process, as defined in ESRS
2 GOV-4 and as they relate to our company, are
described in the following paragraphs. An
overview of the elements of due diligence is
provided in the table opposite.

Our risk-based methodology combines internal
expertise, third-party intelligence, and
stakeholder input to identify and assess
potential adverse impacts, whether related to
labor rights, deforestation, or climate.

Embedding due
diligence in governance,
strategy and business
model

Governance
Sustainability-related performance measures in incentive schemes
Engaging with our suppliers
Workers in the value chain

Engaging with affected
stakeholders in all key
steps of the due
diligence

Stakeholder engagement, specifically Engaging with our suppliers
Materiality assessment process
Policies

Identifying and
assessing adverse
impacts

Stakeholder engagement, specifically Engaging with our suppliers
Workers in the value chain

Taking actions to
address those adverse
impacts

Stakeholder engagement, specifically Engaging with our suppliers
Workers in the value chain

Tracking the
effectiveness of these
efforts and
communicating

Stakeholder engagement, specifically Engaging with our suppliers
Workers in the value chain

Embedding due diligence in governance,
strategy and business model
At dsm-firmenich, our double materiality
approach ensures we address both the impacts
we create and the risks we face, keeping our
strategy aligned with evolving regulations and
stakeholder expectations. Our governance
structure, led by the Executive Committee and
our specialized sustainability teams, guarantees
accountability and strategic oversight at every
level.
The launch of our Supply Chain Due Diligence
standard formalizes this commitment in our
supply chain, setting clear expectations for
ethical, environmental, and human rights
practices across procurement.
Engaging with affected stakeholders in all key
steps of the due diligence
We believe that effective due diligence starts
with listening. Workers, communities, and
interest groups are engaged at every key step,
from risk screening to remediation. Through
structured dialogue and accessible grievance
mechanisms, we ensure that stakeholder
concerns shape our actions and outcomes.
This collaborative approach builds trust and
drives positive impact across our value chain.

131

Suppliers are segmented by risk, enabling
targeted, in-depth assessments that inform our
prevention and mitigation strategies. Both
desktop and on-site audits are key tools in this
process, helping us uncover risks efficiently and
accurately. This approach allows us to intervene
early and allocate resources where they will
have the greatest positive impact.
Taking actions to address those adverse
impacts
When risks are identified, we act swiftly and
decisively. Tailored corrective action plans,
supplier collaboration, and industry initiatives
drive continuous improvement. Grievance
mechanisms provide affected parties with clear
channels for resolution. Where remediation is
not possible in our supply chain, we may
pursue responsible disengagement, always
prioritizing ethical standards and minimizing
unintended consequences.
Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts
and communicating
Transparency is central to our approach. We
monitor progress through regular reviews,
audits, and stakeholder feedback, using lessons
learned to refine our processes. Our annual
disclosures and sustainability reporting keep
stakeholders informed, reinforcing our
commitment to accountability and continuous
improvement.

>

Compensation

Risk management over sustainability
reporting

The mitigating actions for this risk were:
•

Material sustainability risks are integrated and
managed as part of our company-wide risk
management processes. Our company-wide
approach to risk management is described in
Our approach to risk management.

•

•

Material risks are reported twice per year by
the Business Units and the Business Partners to
the Executive Committee, and, together with
the Group Risk Assessment, validated by the
Audit & Risk Committee and discussed with the
Board of Directors. The material risks are
disclosed in Material risks and uncertainties.
Further to this, we reviewed and updated the
risk assessment performed in 2024 on the
‘Sustainability reporting for the IAR’ process.
The key risk identified for this process related
to Data quality. Risk of gaps in sustainability
reporting, due to insufficient alignment
between process and systems, which could
impact our reputation. The Project timeline risk
identified in 2024 was considered to be
sufficiently mitigated to no longer qualify as a
key risk.

132

Continue aligning the processes and
internal controls for activities relating to
sustainability reporting
Further combine sustainability data into one
data lake and improve data architecture and
granularity
Continue implementation of knowledgesharing, competence- and capacitybuilding, and training to deepen and
broaden the CSRD reporting competencies
of the team

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > OUR VALUE CHAIN MODEL

Our value chain model
Our business model integrates
environmental, social, and economic
considerations to deliver sustainable and
responsible growth across our value chain.
We combine strategic investments, advanced
research and development, skilled talent,
strong stakeholder relationships, and efficient
resource management to create value. By
collaborating with our suppliers, customers, and
distribution partners, we ensure the delivery of
high-quality products and innovative solutions,
while fostering community engagement and
minimizing environmental impact. This
generates benefits for customers, investors,
and society, driving long-term resilience and
positive outcomes. A more detailed value
creation model can be found in Our company.
Key elements in our value chain:
1. Raw materials and ingredient sourcing
2. Upstream transportation, warehousing,
and distribution
3. Energy and water supply
4. Business Units, manufacturing and
production process
5. Back-office operations
6. Science, research, and product
development, quality and safety
7. Downstream transportation, warehousing,
and distribution
8. Customer production processes
9. Consumer experience
10. End of life

133

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > MATERIALITY MATRIX

Materiality matrix

Each topic group is indicated by these colors:
Environment in green
Social in purple
Governance & Business in orange

•
•
•

Topic

Topics are considered material if there is
a material negative or positive impact,
risk or opportunity associated with the
topic. The table presented here indicates
which positive or negative impacts (I- and
I+), risks (R), or opportunities (O) have
been defined for each of the material
topics. The topics map the matrix based
on these IROs. Impacts map to the
Impact materiality dimension. Risks
(negative) and Opportunities (positive)
map to Financial materiality. The impacts,
risks and opportunities that define each
material topic are explained later in this
section.

IROs



Biodiversity and nature

I- I+ R O



Climate change adaptation

I- I+ R O



Climate change mitigation

I- I+ R O



Water management

I- I+ R O



Access to health and nutrition solutions

I- I+ R O



Inclusion and belonging

I- I+ R O



Labor conditions and human rights

I- I+ R O



Occupational health and safety

I- I+ R O



Corporate culture

I- I+ R O



Product quality, safety, and impact

I- I+ R O

134



Positive

Directionality

Topics are grouped into three areas,
Environment, Social, and Governance &
Business, and are arranged in alphabetical
order. To capture both the impact and the
financial dimension, as well as the positive
and negative directionality of the topics, the
matrix is visualized as a three-by-three grid.

Both





Negative







Impact

Double
Materiality

Financial

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > IMPACT, RISK, AND OPPORTUNITY (IRO) MANAGEMENT

Impact, risk, and opportunity (IRO) management
Impact materiality

The materiality assessment is an annual
process. It begins with an evaluation of the
business context to identify if material changes
have occurred. If none have occurred, the
previous conclusions are re-assessed. If
material changes have occurred, a full
materiality assessment is performed.

Impact materiality is scored on severity and
likelihood, using a zero-to-five-point scale.
Severity is calculated based on:

As the 2024 materiality assessment was based
on the conclusions of the 2023 materiality
assessment, these conclusions were
considered to be no longer current, and a full
reassessment was performed.
Scoring and thresholds
The materiality threshold is depicted in blue in
the accompanying heatmaps. Topics are
positioned in the heatmaps based on their
highest-scoring IRO.
For visualization purposes, scores below two
have been clustered. On the x-axis, this
includes the scores for Never, Unlikely and
Possible. On the y-axis, for Minor, Superficial
and None.

135

•
•

Scale: None to absolute
Scope: None to global/total
Irremediability (for negative impacts only):
Very easy to irremediable/irreversible

Likelihood is scored from never to certain. For
potential negative human rights impacts,
severity takes precedence over likelihood.

Very
high

.






Minor,
Superficial, or
None


Never,
Unlikely, or
possible

Financial materiality
Financial materiality is scored on financial
magnitude and likelihood using a zero-to-fivepoint scale. The Financial magnitude scale is
consistent with the financial impact scale as
used in the Enterprise Risk Management
approach. Likelihood is scored from never to
certain.



Likelihood

Certain

Financial materiality heatmap
Very
high



Financial
magnitude

The assessment of potential and actual positive
and negative IROs, including applied thresholds,
is based on current guidance documents
relating to the assessment, such as the
Materiality Assessment Implementation
Guidance by EFRAG.

•

Impact materiality heatmap

Severity

Materiality assessment process

Minor,
Superficial, or
None





Never,
Unlikely, or
possible

Likelihood

Certain

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

The 2025 DMA process consisted of seven steps

Step

Description

1. Value chain definition

The DMA process began with an assessment of the value chain of the company, from raw material extraction to end of life. The differences in the value chains of our Business Units
were taken into consideration, based on the NACE codes related to our suppliers and customers. The dsm-firmenich value chain is depicted elsewhere in this section.

2. Definition of impact
narratives

A long list of possible (positive and negative) impacts was defined using the value chain stages, the sustainability matters defined in the ESRS, and any entity-specific topics that
were identified. AI was utilized to support the definition of this list, screening thousands of reports and documents relevant to our industry, value chains, and business context. The AI
model was trained using guidance and standards relating to the Double materiality assessment to define the identification process, and provided with company-specific information,
such as NACE codes associated with our suppliers and our customers to define narratives and preliminary impacts. All narratives were on a gross basis.

3. Initial IRO evaluation

Risks and opportunities were defined based on risks and opportunities identified in the Enterprise Risk Management process. Additional opportunities were defined based on desk
research of the businesses. For impacts, the initial scoring of scale, scope and irremediability was supported and contextualized by AI. Thresholds used for the scoring were
consistent with those used in our Enterprise Risk Management process. The human rights clause in ESRS 1 paragraph 45 was applied to all social topics, meaning that likelihood was
not considered for these IROs.
More than 10 workshops were conducted to review the resultant IROs and to validate the AI-supported scoring of scale, scope and irremediability. Participants consisted of:

4. DMA calibration

•
•
•

5. Management
validations

6. Stakeholder dialogue

Validation sessions were conducted with the Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, to obtain feedback, and to apply any required
management corrections. A management decision was made to remove a proposed risk related to the material topic ‘corporate culture’, as this was assessed as not meeting the
reporting thresholds in the risk management process, which resulted in this topic shifting from Double materiality to Impact materiality.
External stakeholder interviews were conducted with investor and business representatives and with NGOs to review the process and outcome of our materiality assessment, and to
discuss the industry applicability of the materiality assessment in general. We did not explicitly consult with affected communities as this was not considered necessary. No changes
to the IROs or material topics were made as a result of the stakeholder dialogues. The stakeholders confirmed the robustness of the executed process, and provided direction on
areas that needed further explanation, such as:
•
•

7. Final approval

136

Subject-matter experts, who were engaged in impact workshops on their area of expertise
Risk managers, who were engaged in risk and opportunity workshops based on the risk management process, as well as workshops to align on applicable thresholds
Reporting experts, who were engaged in all workshops, to provide consistency across topics, and continuity from previous materiality exercises

The use of AI in the process
The gross versus net perspective

The results of the materiality assessment process were ultimately approved by the Executive Committee, acting on authority delegated by the Board of Directors.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

Other considerations

Integration with enterprise risk management

Artificial Intelligence (AI)

The 2025 DMA process was conducted in
parallel to the enterprise risk management
process, with the risks and opportunities
identified in the latter process leading.
Thresholds applied in the materiality
assessment were consistent with the
enterprise risk management thresholds.

 Biodiversity and
nature

•

ANH carve-out

 Climate change
adaptation

•

This is the first year that dsm-firmenich applied
AI to the materiality assessment process. It
enabled an efficient and consistent approach
to the assessment, looking at the complexity of
our value chains and the scope of topics to be
covered, and addressing the gross perspective
from an industry level.
In general, the AI-generated output was
considered to be of good quality. All AIgenerated output was reviewed and validated
by experts to ensure the accuracy and
relevance of the conclusions.
Net versus gross
The assessment of negative impacts and risks
was based on a gross perspective, therefore
any mitigating actions or management systems
that dsm-firmenich has in place were not taken
into consideration. This was challenging for
many workshop participants and many of our
stakeholders to contextualize.
The IROs presented in the Sustainability
Statements are on a gross perspective, and do
not reflect the net situation in the company or
our value chains. The actions and systems in
place are included as part of the actions and
resources reported throughout the Statements.
The gross perspective also places limitations
on the applicability of the materiality
assessment results for our strategy and
business planning, as these are generally based
on the net or expected perspective.

137

Our ANH Business Unit performed an
independent materiality assessment to inform
itself of the topics that will be material to it in
preparation for the carve-out. The results of
this assessment were considered in the
preparation of the dsm-firmenich materiality
matrix. However, ANH-related IROs were not
considered material for the company beyond
the short-term time horizon.
Assessment results
In general, the areas covered by the material
topics have not changed significantly
compared to 2023. The bottom-up
identification process for the IROs resulted in
the identification or removal of financial or
impact materiality for some topics. While the
processes differed significantly year-on-year,
an indicative mapping of the changes in the
material topics is provided.

2025 Topics

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

2024 Topics

Material ESRS sub-topics
•
•

Biodiversity and nature
•

Climate change adaptation

 Climate change
mitigation

•

 Water management

•

Water management

 Access to health and
nutrition solutions

•

Health, nutrition, taste, and food
security

•

Diversity, equity, and inclusion
Responsible and transparent
sourcing

 Inclusion and
belonging

•

•

 Labor conditions and
human rights

 Occupational health
and safety
 Corporate culture

 Product quality,
safety, and impact

•
•
•

•

E1 Climate change
adaptation

•
•

E1 Climate change
mitigation
E1 Energy

•

E3 Water withdrawals

•

S4 Social inclusion of
consumers and/or endusers

•

S1 Equal treatment &
opportunities for all
S2 Equal treatment &
opportunities for all

Climate change mitigation

Diversity, equity, and inclusion
Inspiring place to work
Respect of human rights
Responsible and transparent
sourcing

•

Occupational health and safety

•

Corporate governance and
business ethics

•

Product quality, safety, and
impact

E4 Direct impact drivers of
biodiversity loss
E4 Impacts on the extent &
condition of ecosystems
E4 Impacts and
dependencies on
ecosystem services

•

•
•
•

S1 Working conditions
S2 Working conditions
S2 Other work-related
rights

•

S1 Working conditions

•

G1 Corporate culture
G1 Protection of
whistleblowers

•

•
•

E2 Substances of Concern
E2 Substances of Very High
Concern (SVHC)

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > IROS UNDERPINNING THE MATERIAL TOPICS

IROs underpinning the material topics
Standard

IRO

Disclosures

US

OO

DS

US

OO

DS

DRs: E1-4 –
Target - SBT
Scope 1 & 2,
Scope 3
E1-5
E1-6
E1-7
E1-8

Climate change
mitigation

Operations across the value chain are highly energy-intensive and predominantly reliant on fossil fuels.
Activities such as chemical synthesis, heating, cooling, drying, refrigeration, and transport demand substantial
thermal and electrical energy, contributing significantly to both direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
The use of petrochemical-based inputs and combustion heating further amplifies the sector’s carbon
footprint and environmental pressure.

S

M

L

Positive
impact

Climate change
mitigation

Engagement across the value chain can support increased renewable energy use and bio-based ingredient
sourcing, enabling climate change mitigation through the reduced reliance on fossil fuels and lowered lifecycle emissions, within and beyond the value chain. Benefits are maximized when production processes are
powered by renewable energy.

S

M

L

Risk

Climate change
adaptation

Climate-related physical risk. Acute and chronic physical hazards (e.g., droughts, flooding, extreme heat, and
precipitation) and related changes in biodiversity may impact our supply chain (supplier locations, natural raw
materials) or our own operations leading to higher operational costs or business interruption.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Risk

Climate change
mitigation

Climate-related transition risk. Failure to align with net-zero targets (on GHG emissions) may lead to rising
costs from carbon pricing, regulatory penalties, and stranded assets. As stakeholders demand low-carbon
strategies, companies risk losing market access, investor confidence, and competitiveness in key regions such
as the EU and China, which may lead to financial loss or reputational damage.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Opportunity

Climate change
mitigation

dsm-firmenich’s products and services can help reduce the carbon footprint of our customers and
downstream partners and therefore avoid GHG emissions in the broader value chain, resulting in increased
sales and added value for our customers.

Negative
impact

Substances are classified according to the UN Globally Harmonized System based on their intrinsic
properties,. Some of these hazards define a substance as a ‘substance of concern’. A subset of these, defined
Product quality,
under EU REACH, are ‘Substances of Very High Concern’ and are subject to authorization or restriction
safety, and impact
procedures within the EU. These substances of concern may be present in both inputs and outputs of the
production process and may pose occupational as well as environmental risks

S

Upcoming EU Green Deal regulations on substances of (very) high concern may affect sales and increase
Product quality,
costs for compliance, require R&D investment in alternative substances, and restrict market access. Failure to
safety, and impact
adapt could impact results by missed sales opportunities, potential fines and/or reputational damage.

S

E2 Pollution

Risk

138

Value chain

Description

Negative
impact

E1 Climate
change

Time horizon

Material topic

(Short / medium / long)

S

M

M

L

L

(Upstream / Own Operations / Downstream)

US

US

OO

OO

DS

DS

Entity-specific
Suppliers with
SBTi validated
targets
Primary
emission factor
coverage
Phased-in
E1-9

DRs
E2-3 – No
Target set
E2-5
Voluntary
E2-4 emissions
to air, water

M

L

US

OO

DS

Phased-in
E2-6

>

Compensation

Standard

E3 Water and
marine
resources

<

Sustainability Statements

IRO

Material topic

Description

Negative
impact

Water
management

Agricultural and industrial production processes, such as essential oil extraction, chemical synthesis, and
ingredient mixing, require substantial water withdrawals. In water-scarce regions, this can lower groundwater
reserves and reduce freshwater availability for surrounding communities and ecosystems.

Risk

Water
management

Stricter regulations on water extraction permits, especially in water-stressed areas, may limit withdrawal rights
or require costly efficiency upgrades, impacting the company’s ability to operate consistently.

Time horizon

(Short / medium / long)

S

S

M

M

L

L

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Value chain

(Upstream / Own Operations / Downstream)

US

US

OO

OO

DS

DS

Disclosures
DRs:
E3-3 – Target water intensity
improvement
E3-4
Entity-specific
Water withdrawal
intensity
Phased-in
E3-5

Negative
impact

Biodiversity and
nature

GHG emissions from across the value chain contribute to climate change. This accelerates biodiversity loss by
disrupting habitats, altering species migration patterns, and increasing extinction risks across ecosystems.

Negative
impact

Biodiversity and
nature

Unsustainable sourcing of wild-growing and high-demand botanical species can lead to population declines
and extinction risks, threatening plant biodiversity and dependent animal species. While synthetic and biotech
production avoids direct habitat exploitation, large-scale manufacturing may still disturb local ecosystems if
not properly managed.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

E4 Biodiversity Negative
and
impact
ecosystems

Biodiversity and
nature

Intensive agricultural practices and chemical manufacturing can degrade soil health through erosion,
contamination, and loss of organic matter. These impacts reduce the land’s ability to support ecosystems,
disrupt regeneration, and threaten long-term biodiversity and productivity.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Negative
impact

Biodiversity and
nature

Raw material sourcing and production are deeply reliant on ecosystem services, such as pollination, water
regulation, and soil fertility, which underpin supply chain resilience. However, unsustainable practices such as
deforestation, pollution, and land conversion degrade these natural systems, triggering biodiversity loss and
feedback loops that weaken long-term viability.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Risk

Biodiversity and
nature

Risk derived from climate change and biodiversity loss, potentially affecting agricultural raw materials such as
molasses, glucose, citrus, vanilla, and botanicals. This could result in increased raw material prices, driven by
supply and demand dynamics, leading to higher costs of goods and possible shortages of essential inputs.

S

Negative
impact

Occupational
health and safety

Workers across production and lab environments may be exposed to hazardous substances, physical strain,
and unsafe conditions. Risks include chemical exposure, skin and respiratory issues, repetitive strain injuries,
noise, heat, and allergens. Inadequate safety culture, outdated equipment, or lack of protective measures can
lead to occupational illnesses, accidents, and forced-labor-like conditions in high-risk settings.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Labor conditions
and human rights

Workers across production, R&D, and subcontracted environments may face long, irregular, or excessive
working hours, including night and weekend shifts, often without adequate rest. These conditions can lead to
fatigue, poor work-life balance, and increased risk of burnout. In certain settings, limited access to social
dialogue, constrained freedom of association, and weak grievance mechanisms may prevent workers from
voicing concerns or improving working conditions.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

S1 Own
workforce
Negative
impact

139

S

M

L

US

OO

DS
DRs
E4-4 – Target –
biodegradability
of washable
products
Entity-specific
E4-5 –
biodegradability
of washable
products
Phased-in
E4-6

M

L

US

OO

DS

DRs
S1-5 – Targets –
safety, GMT
diversity, EES,
Living wage,
gender pay gap
S1-6
S1-8
S1-9

>

Compensation

Standard

S1 Own
workforce

<

Sustainability Statements

Time horizon

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Value chain

IRO

Material topic

Description

Positive
impact

Labor conditions
and human rights

Flexible work arrangements, remote work policies, and access to family leave help integrate personal and
professional responsibilities, enhancing overall well-being.

Negative
impact

Inclusion and
belonging

Women are typically overrepresented in lower-paid roles and underrepresented in technical or leadership
positions within production and research environments, contributing to gender pay gaps and limited career
progression. In hierarchical or male-dominated settings, risks of workplace bullying, gender-based harassment,
and discrimination may be heightened, especially where formal reporting channels and social dialogue
mechanisms are lacking.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Positive
impact

Inclusion and
belonging

Efforts to promote inclusion and diversity are progressing through transparent pay practices, inclusive
recruitment, and access to training. Structured inclusion and belonging policies, global collaboration, and
multicultural teams support fair representation and professional development across roles and levels.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Opportunity

Inclusion and
belonging

If inclusion and belonging is seen as a shared responsibility, we create an inspiring place to work that will not
only benefit our people, customers, and communities but also drive business value

(Short / medium / long)

S

S

M

M

L

L

(Upstream / Own Operations / Downstream)

US

US

OO

OO

DS

DS

Disclosures
S1-14
S1-16
S1-17
Entity-specific
Employee
engagement and
inclusion
Pay ratio
(average)
TRIR-all
Health-rate-all
(100 man-days)
PSI rate
Voluntary
S1-10
S1-13
Phased-in
S1-7

Negative
impact

S2 Workers in
the value chain

140

Negative
impact

Occupational
health and safety

Workers in agricultural production face risks from agrochemical exposure, extreme heat, and physically
demanding tasks, often without adequate protection. In chemical manufacturing, hazards include toxic
substances, flammable materials, and high-pressure systems. Both sectors present elevated risks of injury and
chronic illness, particularly where protective practices and training are insufficient.

Labor conditions
and human rights

Workers in agricultural and chemical supply chains, particularly in seasonal, informal, and small-scale
operations, often face low and unstable wages, limited access to representation, and undervalued manual
labor despite health and safety demands. Child labor may occur in smallholder farming due to economic
hardship and limited education access. Migrant and informal workers may be exposed to forced labor
conditions, including debt bondage, withheld wages, and restricted movement, especially in subcontracted or
high-demand roles.

S

S

M

M

L

L

US

US

OO

OO

DS

DS

Risk

Labor conditions
and human rights

If child labor occurs within the company's value chain, this results in non-compliance with international human
rights standards, which could result in reputational harm or financial losses for the company.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Risk

Labor conditions
and human rights

Potential forced labor and unsafe working conditions in a company's value chain pose significant financial risks,
including public backlash and loss of consumer trust, ultimately jeopardizing the company’s commitment to
ethical practices and social responsibility, which can severely damage its reputation.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

DRs
S2-5 – Targets –
Key natural
ingredients
Entity-specific
Key natural
ingredients
Supplier training
on human rights

>

Compensation

Standard

141

Sustainability Statements

Time horizon

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Value chain

IRO

Material topic

Description

Positive
impact

Access to health
and nutrition
solutions

Affordable and widely accessible nutritional products are vital to meet essential consumer needs across
diverse geographies and income levels, fostering health and well-being in broader segments of society.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Opportunity

Access to health
and nutrition
solutions

Offering food products with less sugar and salt represents a strategic lever to address public health challenges
such as obesity, while proactively aligning with evolving consumer preferences and regulatory frameworks. This
approach reinforces the company’s leadership in nutritional solutions and strengthens its market
differentiation.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Positive
impact

Corporate culture

Corporate culture promotes shared values that drive ethical behavior, innovation, and teamwork. In both
production and research settings, corporate culture enables accountability, innovation, and performance
across a diverse, global, and purpose-driven organization, supporting strong performance and engagement in
a complex global environment.

S

M

L

US

OO

DS

Negative
impact

Corporate culture

If companies do not have established whistleblowing systems, employees and value-chain workers could
hesitate to report concerns, reducing visibility into safety and compliance risks. Such gaps could potentially
amplify negative impacts and weaken accountability.

S

S4 Consumers
and end-users

G1 Business
conduct

<

(Short / medium / long)

(Upstream / Own Operations / Downstream)

Disclosures
DRs
S4-5 – Target Nutrition
Improvement
Entity-specific
Nutrition
improvement

DRs
G1-4

M

L

US

OO

DS

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > POLICIES

Policies

We have a structured process regarding our policies, standards, and requirements, which is detailed in our Group Policy Framework. The following are summaries of our key policy documents with the most senior
level that is accountable for implementation of the policy referenced. The policies listed below address the IROs that were identified during the DMA process and that are connected to the relevant topical
standard. Our policies address multiple standards and IROs.
Policy

Summary

Owner

Standard

Location

Group policy
operations

This Policy emphasizes the importance of sustainability in our operations. It highlights our commitment to minimizing
environmental impact by adhering to science-based target directives and other external sustainability requirements
Operations is the responsibility of line management and the Business Units, supported by different Requirements,
Standards, and Best Practices defined by Group Operational Excellence in collaboration with the Business Units.

DS

Group
Operational
Excellence

E1
E3
E4
S1

Intranet

Safety, Health, and
Environment
policy

Outlines our commitment to our employees, environmental sustainability, and climate action. The Policy highlights our
dedication to create a safe and healthy work environment that supports the physical and mental well-being of all our
employees through proactive measures and initiatives, as well as environmental restoration and protection aimed at
reducing the environmental footprint of our activities, products, and services through the efficient use of resources and
the minimization of emissions and waste. SHE is a line management responsibility and is supported at Group and
regional level by our SHE organization.

OO

DS

Group
Operational
Excellence

E1
E2
E3
E4
S1

US

Internet,
Intranet

Group standard for
sustainable
operations and
environment

Sets out the environmental and social requirements for all dsm-firmenich manufacturing sites. It includes requirements
for our sites relating to greenhouse gas emissions, renewable electricity, water efficiency in stressed areas, and nutrient
efficiency in regions with high water pollution. Sites are required to develop and maintain roadmaps for emissions and
water reduction, avoid ozone-depleting refrigerants, and continuously monitor and improve energy and water use. Sites
are also required to assess and mitigate risks to air, water, and soil, and to document and monitor all emissions. All
relevant manufacturing sites register with SEDEX and undergo regular SMETA audits to ensure ethical and responsible
business practices. The standard also requires adherence to WASH (Water, Sanitation & Hygiene) principles.

US

OO

DS

Group
Operational
Excellence

E1
E3
E4

Intranet

Environmental
sustainability
reporting standard

Sets out the environmental sustainability reporting requirements for all dsm-firmenich manufacturing sites. The standard
requires sites to consistently report environmental data across key metrics including greenhouse gas emissions, energy
use, water consumption, waste generation, and renewable electricity. Sites are accountable for validating data locally,
while central teams oversee aggregation and external disclosures.

US

OO

DS

Group
Operational
Excellence

ESRS 2
E1

Intranet

Group standard
business
continuity
management

Outlines the framework for ensuring the continuity of our critical processes and activities during disruptions. This
Standard emphasizes the importance of resilience and proactive measures to anticipate and prevent disruptions, as well
as quick restoration of operations when needed.

US

OO

DS

Legal , Risk and
Compliance

E1

Intranet

Group people
policy

Sets out the people-related requirements for all dsm-firmenich employees. The Policy requires all employees to embody
the company’s values through inclusive behaviors and ethical conduct. It mandates equal opportunities in recruitment,
compensation, and career development, supported by active Employee Resource Groups and inclusivity assessments.

US

OO

DS

Human
Resources

S1

Intranet

142

Value Chain

US

OO

>

Compensation

Policy

<

Sustainability Statements

Summary

Value Chain

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Owner

Standard

Location

DS

Human
Resources

S1

Internet,
Intranet

ESRS 2
S1
G1

Internet,
Intranet

The Policy ensures fair wage practices aligned with living wage principles and encourages global career mobility across
functions and geographies.
Inclusion and
belonging policy

Sets out the inclusion and belonging requirements for all dsm-firmenich employees. The Policy and Standard require
equal access to opportunities, fair treatment, and an authentic and safe culture. Recruitment must be inclusive, using
diverse panels and sourcing strategies. Compensation practices must be equitable.

Human rights
policy

Based on international human rights standards, including the International Bill of Human Rights and the Declaration on
the Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work of the International Labour Organization (ILO). We follow the UN Guiding
Principles for Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible
Business Conduct. This Policy is applicable to all dsm-firmenich employees and its subsidiaries worldwide (either fully
owned or with a majority ownership or control)

US

OO

DS

Group
Sustainability

Travel and event
standard

Provides clear guidelines for business travel and events. It emphasizes safety, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness, and
applies to all employees globally.

US

OO

DS

Human
Resources

S1

Intranet

Hybrid working
standard

Sets out the hybrid working requirements for all dsm-firmenich employees. The Standard enables eligible roles to
combine remote work with on-site presence, fostering flexibility while maintaining collaboration and innovation.

US

OO

DS

Human
Resources

S1

Intranet

Procurement

ESRS 2
E1
E2
E3
E4
S2
G1

Internet,
Intranet

Procurement

ESRS 2
E1
E3
E4
S2
G1

Internet,
Intranet

US

OO

Sets clear expectations for suppliers regarding People, Planet, and ethics which our suppliers must uphold, ensuring that
sustainability is embedded throughout our upstream supply chains. It complements the Supplier Code and sets clear
expectations for suppliers to uphold ethical, traceable, and sustainable practices across the value chain.
Core pillars include:
Responsible
sourcing standard

•
•
•

People: Respect human rights and labor standards. Promote diversity, equity, and inclusion. Ensure safe and healthy
workplaces.
Planet: Act on climate change by setting science-based GHG reduction targets. Uphold strict no-deforestation
principles. Protect ecosystems and biodiversity.
Ethics: Zero tolerance for bribery, corruption, and improper payments. Transparent and responsible business
conduct.

US

OO

DS

Sets out the principles and requirements for all third parties doing business with or on behalf of the company. It ensures
compliance with laws, regulations, and ethical standards. Suppliers are expected to extend these principles to their own
supply chains. The Code includes provisions on:
Supplier code

•
•
•
•

143

Human rights and labor practices: Prohibition of forced and child labor, respect for living wages, and promotion of
diversity, equity, and inclusion.
Health and safety: Commitment to maintaining an incident-free workplace, implementing emergency response
programs, and driving continuous improvement in employee health and safety
Anti-bribery and corruption: Zero tolerance for bribery, corruption, and improper gifts or payments
Environmental responsibility: Requirements to minimize environmental impact and support sustainability goals

US

OO

DS

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

Policy

Summary

Due diligence
standard

Establishes a structured approach to identify, prevent, and mitigate social, environmental, and ethical risks in the supply
chain. It goes beyond legal compliance to meet stakeholder expectations and aligns with international frameworks such
as the OECD Guidelines for Responsible Business Conduct and UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. The
Standard requires that all upstream direct and indirect partners undergo risk-based due diligence prior to onboarding
and throughout the lifecycle of the relationship.

US

OO

Code of business
ethics

Contains elements specific to ethical conduct and compliance. It emphasizes the importance of integrity in all business
activities. It highlights our commitment to responsible behavior by adhering to Group Policies, Standards, and external
regulatory requirements. The Code mandates the application of ethical principles to guide decision-making and resolve
dilemmas, ensuring that operations and interactions are conducted with respect, fairness, and transparency throughout
the value chain. Furthermore, the Code emphasizes equal treatment regardless of gender, gender identity, gender
expression, age, race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, experience, socio-economic status, abilities, whether or not
they are married, and any other protected categories.

US

ABC policy (antibribery and
corruption)

Sets out the anti-bribery and corruption requirements for all dsm-firmenich employees, contractors, and third parties
acting on its behalf globally, and is grounded in the Code of Business Ethics principles. Its content is further developed
by specific standards. The Policy prohibits all forms of bribery and corruption, including facilitation payments, and
applies a zero tolerance to corruption and bribery approach

Consolidated Financial Statements

Owner

Standard

Location

DS

Procurement

ESRS 2
E1
E3
E4
S2
G1

Intranet

OO

DS

Legal, Risk and
Compliance

ESRS 2
S1
G1

Internet,
Intranet

US

OO

DS

Legal , Risk and
Compliance

ESRS 2
G1

Intranet,
Internet

Privacy policy

Sets out the privacy requirements for all dsm-firmenich employees and third parties acting on its behalf. The Policy
ensures that personal data is collected, stored, and processed fairly, transparently, and respectfully, in line with global
data protection laws, especially the GDPR. It applies to all personal data handled by employees, including data of
customers, suppliers, and other individuals.

US

OO

DS

Legal , Risk and
Compliance

ESRS 2
G1

Internet,
Intranet

Cybersecurity
policy & standard

Sets out the cybersecurity requirements for all dsm-firmenich employees, contractors, and third parties. The Policy
establishes a governance framework to manage cyber threats, reduce risks, and protect digital assets. It applies globally
across all Business Units, affiliates, and digital services

US

OO

DS

Digital and
Tech

ESRS 2
G1

Intranet

144

Value Chain

>

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement
Our commitment to sustainability and
excellence is reflected in our engagement
with a diverse group of stakeholders. This
includes employees, customers, suppliers,
investors, and our communities.
We believe that fostering strong relationships
with these groups is essential to both our
success as a business and our wider
sustainability goals. Our employees are the
backbone of our organization, driving innovation
and excellence in every aspect of our business.
More information on how we engage with our
people can be found in Own Workforce.
Our customers and suppliers are our innovation
partners, and we strive to build mutually
beneficial relationships with them. Information
on how we engage with our customers is
provided in Our Businesses. Information on how
we engage with our suppliers is provided later
in this section and in the various topical
disclosures across the Sustainability
Statements.

Investors play a crucial role in our growth and
development, and we are committed to
maintaining transparency and accountability in
our financial and sustainability performance.
More information on how we engage with
investors can be found later in this section.
dsm-firmenich is registered in the EU
Transparency Register with REG Number
73926352722-07.

Stakeholder
•

Suppliers

•
•
•
•

Our engagement with our communities and the
partnerships we have built reflects our
dedication to making a positive social and
environmental impact. Examples of these
engagements can be found later in this section.

Employees

dsm-firmenich supports the dsm-firmenich
Progress Foundation, an independent charity
that funds projects addressing malnutrition,
strengthening community resilience, and
protecting and restoring ecosystems. The
Foundation’s mission aligns with our purpose
and aims to deliver impact where it is needed
most.

Customers

•
•
•
•

•
•

Investors

Partnerships

Communities

145

Types of engagement

•

Clarified expectations for suppliers
Improvements on due diligence
outcomes and value chain risk
aspects
Scope 3 decarbonization

Engagement surveys
Interactive townhalls and other leadership
communications
Wellness programs
Training and development programs
DMA workshops and validation sessions

•
•
•

Increased employee engagement
Training outcomes
Launched wellbeing initiatives

Transparency requests from customers on
responsible sourcing, emissions, certification,
traceability, and other sustainability topics
Co-innovation and value chain collaboration
Customer questionnaires / RfPs / customer briefs

•
•
•

Customer brief wins
Supplier of choice
Customer awards

•
•

Understanding investor needs
Demonstrating long-term value
creation
Supporting investor requirements

Supplier qualification and onboarding, including the
Responsible Sourcing Standard and Supplier Code
Join Forces program
TfS and WBCSD PACT on Scope 3 collaboration

•
•
•
•

Trading updates and results
Direct engagements and meetings
ESG ratings and rankings
External stakeholder dialogues on, for example, the
DMA

•

Multi-stakeholder collaborations and industry
platforms
Industry-specific engagements
Topical working groups
External stakeholder dialogues on, for example, the
DMA

•
•
•

•
•
•

Outcomes

Due diligence and grievance mechanisms
Community engagement activities
External stakeholder dialogues on, for example, the
DMA

•
•

•
•
•

•

•
•

Developing industry standards and
guidance
Contributing to shaping external
frameworks and collaborative
initiatives
Consulting on reporting regulations
development
Supporting local communities
Identifying and prioritizing local
impacts needing response or
remediation

>

Compensation

Engaging with our supply chain
Sustainable and resilient supply chains begin
with responsible partners. As such, Responsible
Sourcing is a strategic enabler of sustainable
value creation across our value chains.
Actions and resources
Our engagement spans the dimensions of both
People and Planet. On the social side, we
promote safe and fair working conditions,
human rights protections, and ethical labor
practices. On the environmental front, we
collaborate with suppliers to reduce emissions,
enhance data transparency and quality, and
drive initiatives that protect biodiversity,
safeguard water resources and prevent
pollution.
Our Responsible Sourcing Framework, deployed
by our dedicated Responsible Sourcing team,
ensures alignment of our actions in the
upstream supply chain with our sustainability
objectives and embeds responsible practices
into sourcing decisions. The framework is built
on three integrated layers and supported by
our Join Forces Supplier Engagement Program,
which drives collaboration across upstream
supply chain to amplify positive impact.

Supplier qualification and inherent risk
identification
Risk mitigation is embedded throughout our
engagement lifecycle, from initial supplier
screening to ongoing performance monitoring
via dashboards and reports.
Through our Responsible Sourcing Standard, we
set clear expectations for suppliers regarding

146

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

human rights, climate and nature action, and
ethical business conduct. This Standard
complements our Supplier Code, and together
they form the foundation of our supplier
engagement.
To proactively identify and mitigate
sustainability risks across our supply base, we
employ a robust risk screening methodology
that leverages IQ+ from EcoVadis, UEBT Grove,
and Sedex risk assessment platforms. These
tools provide insights into supplier exposure to
environmental, human rights, and ethical risks.
IQ+ offers AI-driven risk scores based on
supplier category, geography, and sector, while
UEBT focuses on biodiversity and ethical
sourcing risks for natural ingredients. Sedex
complements this with social compliance data
and audit findings. In 2025, we achieved
sustainability risk screening of 94% of our
procurement spend, across both direct and
indirect categories, progressing on track toward
our journey to screen our supplier’s inherent
sustainability risk, a milestone that reflects our
commitment to comprehensive due diligence.
Supplier sustainability performance and atsource engagement
We next assess and audit our suppliers’
sustainability performance through a
combination of on-site and desktop tools as
required by the level of risk identified,
supported by internal capabilities and thirdparty assessments and audits such as
EcoVadis Ratings, Sedex SMETA, and SBTi. In
2025, recognizing that comprehensive data is
essential for informed decision-making, we
enriched our ecosystem with additional thirdparty assessments and certifications such as
with TfS (Together for Sustainability) audits, B
Corp certifications, and EcoVadis Vitals,

Our Responsible Sourcing Framework
creating a category-tailored view of suppliers’
performances. These tools are fully embedded
into our Procurement team’s digital systems
and provide real-time visibility into ESG risks
and opportunities, enabling us to prioritize
engagement accordingly.
Our Responsible Sourcing team includes a
dedicated at‑source team that audits key
supply chains identified as high risk and
supports our participation in relevant risk
remediation coalitions. Throughout the year, the
team conducts on-site due‑diligence activities,
develops and follows up on remediation action
plans, and ensures ongoing monitoring and

communication with suppliers and
stakeholders.
Supplier risks remediation
We leverage findings from assessments, audits,
and inherent risk screenings to deploy tailored
corrective action plans, targeted training
campaigns, and decarbonization roadmaps that
reflect each supplier’s capabilities and
confirmed risk profile. High-risk suppliers are
prioritized for root cause analysis and
mitigation action planning, with Sourcing and
Responsible Sourcing teams jointly leading
these efforts.

Compensation

When risk remediation requires collective
action, we actively participate in responsible
sourcing coalitions. See Workers in the value
chain for more information.
Join Forces for Responsible Supply Chains
Our Join Forces program is designed to build
capacity, share best practices, and accelerate
progress in human rights, environmental
stewardship, and transparency. This program
fosters open dialogue and joint action plans,
supporting all the layers of our framework.
In this context, we recently joined AIMProgress, a global forum of companies
dedicated to sustainable practices. This
membership enables further alignment with
international standards, participation in shared
audits, and industry-wide collaboration to
tackle systemic challenges. By joining AIMProgress, we also strengthen our ability to
harmonize expectations, drive consistency, and
scale impact across the consumer goods
sector.
Furthermore, as an active member of TfS, we
leverage shared insights and actions to
enhance ESG understanding and drive
collective initiatives such as supplier data
collection and upskilling.
We also participate in initiatives such as the
Sustainable Vanilla Initiative and the UN Global
Compact (UNGC) Decent Work Platform. Please
refer to Workers in the value chain for UNGC
initiatives collaboration achievements.
We also actively engage in high-level industry
dialogues and conferences, sharing insights and
advocating for transparency and responsible
practices across global value chains.

147

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Finally, our ‘Sustainability at Source’ projects,
which typically span around three years, aim to
strengthen social outcomes (such as human
rights and women’s empowerment) and
promote environmental sustainability through
initiatives such as traceability systems,
certification pathways, and regenerative
agricultural practices. Active projects examples
include Mint with Purpose in India and Pink
Pepper in Madagascar described on our
website. All these efforts align with international
standards (UNGPs, OECD Guidelines) and the
UN SDGs, covering both direct and indirect
partners to foster inclusive, responsible growth
across the value chain.
Recognition
In 2025, our Framework and Supplier
engagement program was recognized by CDP
and dsm-firmenich was included in its latest
Supplier Engagement Assessment A-List. In
addition, we were assessed as Outstanding by
EcoVadis, obtaining a score of 86 points on the
Sustainable Procurement pillar.
We also underwent a Fair Labor Association
(FLA) review of our due diligence process in our
raw material and indirect supply chain,
achieving a strong maturity score of 96%.
Innovation in our processes
In 2025, we completed our annual review of our
Responsible Sourcing Standard. Reinforcing our
commitment to sustainability across both
social and environmental dimensions, the
updated Standard formalizes our expectations
for suppliers to contribute to climate mitigation
and biodiversity protection. Translation into
multiple languages supports supplier
understanding and implementation across

Our Due Diligence Framework
diverse sourcing regions. See the Policies
section for more details.
Building on the evolving maturity of our
Responsible Sourcing Framework, we also
enhanced our Supply Chain Due Diligence
Framework in 2025, which formalizes our
approach to risk identification and mitigation
across the value chain. The framework supports
compliance with international standards such
as the OECD Guidelines, UNGPs, and Due
Diligence regulations. It also enables us to move
beyond compliance toward proactive risk
management and continuous improvement.

Human rights and labor conditions
Acting on assessment findings, we
implemented targeted supplier training
programs on human rights, equipping partners
with the knowledge and tools to prevent gaps
and foster safe, fair workplaces. We also
partnered with EcoVadis Ulula to conduct a
worker survey at our Apodaca and El Salto sites
in Mexico, focusing on facility management
services. More information on this can be found
in Workers in the value chain
Key natural ingredients
Our company is committed to sourcing
practices that are sustainable and transparent,

Compensation

embedding these principles across all its
purchase categories. A new, advanced and
comprehensive Responsible Sourcing program
for key natural ingredients with a target date of
2030 was launched, combining both desktop
and additional field-based assessments to
identify salient risks and deploy appropriate
mitigation measures.
In 2025, we conducted 54 field due diligence
assessments, comprising all planned
assessments. Salient risks were identified and
action plans defined to address them.
Through this program, the most frequently
identified gaps versus our standards relate
primarily to social impacts, such as health &
safety, working conditions, wages and child
labor. More details per focus area will be shared
in our annual Human Rights report, which will be
published on our website.
We also observed recurrent gaps concerning
biodiversity protection, and water and forest
management, which remain important priorities
for us. See Biodiversity & ecosystems for more
details on our ambitions in that area.
Equitable living standards
To accelerate impacts at source, we sponsored
the United Nations Global Compact Living
Wages initiative and launched pilot projects
with three strategic suppliers in Sri Lanka,
Colombia, and India. See Workers in the value
chain for more details.
Certified raw materials at source
Certification plays a pivotal role in responsible
sourcing. It offers transparency, ensures that
ingredients are sourced under fair labor

148

conditions and ethical business practices, and
minimizes environmental impact. By supporting
certification efforts, we mitigate risks and bring
positive impact to our supply chains. Our
certifications program includes various
standards such as RSPO, organic, Fair Trade,
Rain Forest Alliance, UEBT among others. In
2025, we increased our sourcing of sustainable
raw materials from 20 to 52.

<

Sustainability Statements

Procurement related Metrics and Responsibly Sourced raw materials

Building procurement capability for responsible
sourcing
To advance our commitment to responsible
sourcing, we equip every member of our global
procurement community with the knowledge
and tools to embed sustainability into daily
decision-making.
Through a comprehensive training program, our
teams deepened their understanding of key
topics such as ethical sourcing, human rights,
climate impact, and traceability standards. By
embedding these principles into their daily
business practices, particularly within category
management and supplier relationship
management, our procurement professionals
across the company uphold ethical practices
and contribute to long-term sustainable
growth.

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

2025

2024

80.5%

1

68.2%

Suppliers average EcoVadis score

67.6 2

59.7

Spend coverage by suppliers with SBTi-validated targets

36.2%

27.9%

Spend coverage with transparency platforms

Share of suppliers with human rights risks trained

79%

49%

Share of procurement staff members trained on responsible sourcing stakes

100%

100%

Naturals sourcing program completion rate (target of 100% by 2030)3

48%

-4

1 In 2025, Including of TfS audits, B Corp certifications and EcoVadis Vitals
2 Spend-weighted average score
3 As per program described above in the Key natural ingredients section
4 2025 was the first year of reporting

Improvements in sustainability performance
Continuous improvement was once again a
priority throughout the year. Suppliers
assessed by EcoVadis demonstrated
measurable progress, reflected in improved
scores and signaling stronger performance and
governance. These results validate our
approach of combining risk identification with
capacity-building and transparent monitoring.

>

Joining forces for responsible supply chains
In 2025, we strengthened supplier engagement
by delivering capability-building training on
Science-Based Targets and Product Carbon
Footprint calculation in partnership with the
World Business Council for Sustainable
Development (WBCSD), empowering suppliers
to set and achieve ambitious climate goals.
We also celebrated internal and external
achievements through our Procurement and
Supplier Sustainability Awards, recognizing
exceptional initiatives that promote ethical,
impactful, and resilient sourcing practices. In
2025, our internal Procurement award rewarded
actions from our naturals sourcing Perfumery &
Beauty team. The supplier 2025 award winner
will be announced in March 2026.
Furthermore, as an active member of TfS, we
leverage shared insights and actions to
enhance ESG understanding and drive
collective initiatives such as supplier data
collection and upskilling.
Our China team actively participated to deliver
in-person training with TfS on EcoVadis and
Scope 3 Product Carbon Footprint at the China
International Petrochemical Conference in
Ningbo.

Compensation

Metrics and targets

Investor engagement

As a result of these efforts and actions, our
2025 performance marks a decisive step
forward in embedding sustainability across our
value chain. We not only met but exceeded all
key targets, underscoring the effectiveness of
our integrated approach. These results confirm
that our strategy is delivering measurable
progress and positioning us as a recognized
leader in sustainable procurement.

We are dedicated to delivering long-term value
for our shareholders through both our core
operations and our wider value chain. Our
ambition is to remain a future-proof,
sustainable investment for capital providers
seeking growth in company value. We create
enduring value for our investors across three
key dimensions:
•

•

•

Mitigating environmental, social, and
governance (ESG) risks to safeguard
resilience
Maximizing positive impacts on society and
the environment, while positioning
ourselves as an attractive impact
investment across key impact themes such
as health and well-being, climate action,
nature and biodiversity, responsible value
chains, and sustainable lifestyles
Harnessing sustainability as a strategic
business driver to enhance financial
performance and returns

Transparent communication
Transparent and open communication of
accurate financial and relevant non-financial
information to shareholders and the financial
markets is essential to us. All such information
is publicly available on our website. We engage
with investors not only through the Annual
General Meeting but also via investor days,
teach-ins, road shows, conferences (both inperson and virtual), and individual meetings.
We also maintain dialogue with financial and
ESG advisors who represent our company to
their clients in the financial markets. This group
includes brokers, credit rating agencies, proxy
advisors, shareholder representative bodies,

149

<

Sustainability Statements

and ESG rating agencies. We highly value
investor feedback, which is regularly reviewed
and discussed by the Executive Committee
and the Board of Directors.
Updating investors on our progress
We ensure our investors remain fully informed
about our progress on the strategic actions we
are taking, key business updates, and our
financial and ESG performance. We do this
through roadshows, conferences, and one-onone meetings. In March 2025, we organized an
ESG Expert event for Investors in Kaiseraugst
(Switzerland), with excellent attendance from
top financial analysts, ESG analysts, and
investors. We used this opportunity to highlight
the progress with our sustainable strategy, our
ESG ambitions and the integration between
sustainability and finance. The Business Units
gave presentations and demonstrations,
showcasing our commitment to delivering
essential, desirable, and sustainable solutions.
Engaging with the market about
sustainability
We are committed to amplifying our positive
impact on people, climate, and nature while
delivering strong, sustainable financial returns
for our investors. Our ambition is clear: to lead
by example in sustainability reporting and to
stay ahead of evolving regulatory standards. We
rigorously comply with current and future
requirements, including the EU Sustainable
Finance Action Plan, the EU Green Deal, the EU
taxonomy, the EU Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive, and the Swiss Code of
Obligations.
In 2025, we actively engaged with investors and
their representatives on important

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

sustainability topics, from the innovative
solutions we bring to market to reduce carbon
emissions and protect biodiversity, to initiatives
that uphold human rights and ethical conduct
across our responsible supply chains.
We proudly partnered with global leaders such
as the WBCSD and the Institutional Investors
Group on Climate Change (IIGCC) to shape a
robust net-zero transition plan, including the
Nature Action 100 Global Investor Engagement
initiative. We strengthened our governance
dialogue with Ethos in Switzerland and
Eumedion in the Netherlands.
Our commitment extended to maintaining
strong relationships with leading ESG ratings
and benchmark providers, including
Sustainalytics, MSCI, ISS-ESG, Bloomberg, and
Standard & Poor’s. In 2025, we achieved
significant progress in our ESG ratings, returning
to the top positions expected of us and
reaffirming our leadership in sustainability
performance.
Partnerships
Accelerating the sustainability transition is a
collective effort. To truly bring progress to life,
we need partners across our value chain,
including businesses, consumers, NGOs,
governments, and academia. Together, we strive
to make a positive impact on both People and
Planet. Below is a selection of our key
engagements.
World Business Council for Sustainable
Development (WBCSD)
As a member of the WBSCD, we participate in
various working groups and initiatives, and our
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) is both a

Compensation

WBCSD Council member and a Board member
of the Agri-Food pathway.
In 2025, WBCSD published its updated
Guidance on Avoided Emissions, which we
contributed to and piloted. Moreover, we
actively participated in WBCSD’s steering
committee for Sustainable Portfolio Steering,
guiding the methodology and launch. This
initiative is developing a sector-agnostic
standardized methodology to assess
sustainability risks and opportunities and steer
product and service portfolios toward
sustainable solutions. The next steps include
piloting the approach, refining the building
blocks, and preparing for external consultation.
We are also engaged in the Healthy and
Sustainable Diets workstream, which in early
2025 published the ‘Accelerating Food and
Nutrition Security through Food Fortification’
private sector playbook, to which we
contributed. Lastly, colleagues have
participated in both the WBCSD Leap Program,
which is empowering female leaders to drive
the future of sustainability, and the WBCSD
Leadership program, which is providing
sustainability professionals with the tools and
skills to make an impact. By participating in
these yearly training programs, we are building
an impactful alumni network of sustainability
leaders.

community and participate in initiatives such
as WEF’s Centers for Nature and Climate, Health
and Healthcare, New Economy and Society and
Fourth Industrial Revolution.
We are part of the C-suite communities that
bring together leaders in the same position
across organizations to collaborate and drive
progress on key issues, such as the Chief
Sustainability Officers Community and the
Chief Health Officers Community. Our CEO is a
member of the Alliance of CEO Climate
Leaders, an active leadership community within
the Center for Nature and Climate which is
committed to reaching net-zero emissions by
2050.
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)

World Economic Forum (WEF)

We are a longstanding participant of UNGC and
are committed to its Ten Principles, integrating
sustainability and ethical business practices
into our strategy, culture, and day-to-day
operations. Through our annual Communication
on Progress submission, we publicly
demonstrate measurable progress in
embedding these principles throughout our
operations and value chain. Our engagement
reflects a long-term commitment to human
rights and transparent reporting. We are
members of the UNGC Network Switzerland &
Liechtenstein and are a Sponsor of UNGC’s
Social Sustainability work on Human Rights,
Labour & Decent Work and Gender Equity.

We are a strategic partner of the WEF and
actively participated in both virtual and inperson events throughout 2025, such as the
Annual Meeting in Davos in January and the
Annual Meeting of the New Champions in
Tianjin, China. We are also a member of the
Agriculture, Food and Beverage industry

Throughout 2025, we attended UNGC meetings
to help shape the Living Wage Forward Faster
Target Two program and took up speaking roles
at UNGC events such as the Private Sector
Forum at the World Social Summit on
November 5, 2025 in Doha and the Business
and Human Rights Forum on November 26,

150

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

2025 in Geneva (Switzerland). During quarterly
meetings with other sponsors of the Social
Sustainability work stream, we contributed to
UNGC’s plans for Labour Rights & Decent Work
planning.

In 2025, through its advocacy on industrial
competitiveness, R&D and energy affordability,
ERT reinforced the importance of creating a
favorable regulatory and investment
environment in Europe.

Swiss Food & Nutrition Valley (SFNV)

Dutch Sustainable Growth Coalition (DSGC)

SFNV is a purpose-driven, nationwide, not-forprofit association founded in 2020 that
strengthens Switzerland’s position as a leading
food nation. As a founding partner and longstanding member of SFNV’s Executive
Committee, dsm-firmenich played an active
role in shaping the organization’s strategic
direction and ecosystem impact.

The DSGC is a CEO-led coalition of eight
multinationals which aims to drive sustainable
growth business models that combine
economic profitability with environmental and
social progress. The coalition of CEOs uses
their leadership for the development toward a
future-proof world and sustainable growth. The
DSGC stimulates activities and international
cooperation in value chains and between
sectors to help achieve the SDGs.

Our involvement in 2025 included delivering a
keynote speech at the ETH Food Day and
contributing an expert interview to the Swiss
FoodTech Ecosystem Report 2025. Moreover,
the company connected with scaling Swiss
startups and innovators from across the globe
at SFNV’s flagship events developed a thought
leadership article for SFNV’s community of over
20,000 Swiss and international food innovators,
engaged in a roundtable session exploring the
future of food and nutrition with other SFNV
partners, and advanced the development of the
Nutrition Compass project.
European Round Table for Industry (ERT)
dsm-firmenich is a member of the ERT, a group
focused on creating a strong, open, and
competitive Europe by promoting sustainable
growth, jobs, and prosperity for all. ERT
members include CEOs and Chairs from around
60 of Europe’s largest companies in the
industrial and technological sector.

In 2025, the DSGC worked on several themes,
including Scope 3 emission reduction, clean
demand creation, and CSRD/CSDDD
implementation. For these themes, several
conversations with ministries and other
relevant stakeholders were hosted by the
DSGC. Additionally, the DSGC advocated a set
of recommendations for the national
parliamentary elections in October 2025 in the
Netherlands by sending a letter to all party
program committees.
Later, in November 2025, a letter was sent to
the informateur, the person who leads
discussions regarding the Dutch cabinet
formation. Finally, the DSGC organized a
meeting with EU Commissioner Wopke
Hoekstra, discussing, among other things, the
energy transition, green demand creation and
the EU internal market.

Compensation

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

Community engagement
We work hard to engage and collaborate with
the communities and regions in which we
operate. From charitable activities to ongoing
projects and partnerships, this map indicates
a small selection of our global engagements
across 2025.

151

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GENERAL INFORMATION > COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

Working with communities all over the world
Australia: City2Surf and
Morning Tea
Employees and their families
participated in the City2Surf
and Australia’s Biggest Morning Tea to raise
funds for multiple local charities. These
activities strengthened community ties while
supporting health and social initiatives.

Brazil: Instituto Tortuga
Instituto Tortuga celebrated
20 years of social
transformation, promoting
education, inclusion and
sustainability with support from volunteers,
donors, partners and municipalities. The
initiative has positively impacted thousands of
people thanks to long-term local collaboration.

China: Bright Experience
Over 2,500 employees and
families across 17 cities have
joined the Bright Experience
since 2007, raising more than
RMB130,000 for nutrition programs over the
period. The Women’s Wellness Enabler Initiative
has already trained more than 600 women
caregivers, indirectly benefiting over 200,000
children.

152

France: Disability Week at
DRT
We partnered with local
organizations, training centers,
and inclusion networks to support people with
disabilities. This included hands-on learning
opportunities, job shadowing experiences,
community events, access to training,
employment pathways, and awareness
programs.
India: Poshan Abhiyan
The Poshan Abhiyan initiative
supported pregnant women,
lactating mothers and young
children through the ‘Take
Home Ration’ program, which provides
nutrient-rich food kits that address dietary
gaps that lead to malnutrition, stunting and
anemia.

Indonesia: Mangrove
Plantation program
The Mangrove Plantation CARE
program marked its third year
of environmental restoration
work. Volunteers planted 600 new seedlings to
support coastal conservation.

Mexico: Waste separation
A waste separation initiative
enabled the recycling of bottle
caps and glass, reducing
carbon emissions and generating over
USD8000 in donations. In total, the initiative
recovered the equivalent of approximately
3,600 bottles and 16,400 caps.

Netherlands: DSM Art
Collection donation
Following the relocation of its
headquarters from Heerlen to
Maastricht, we donated the
DSM Art Collection, comprising more than 500
works, to the municipality of Heerlen. In 2025,
200 pieces were exhibited publicly for the first
time during the exhibition “Rooted in Change,”
making this cultural heritage accessible to the
broader community.
South Africa: Micronutrient
powders
We donated 800
micronutrient powder pouches
containing our one-gram MNP sachets to
support malnourished children across South
Africa and Namibia. Each sachet contains the
daily required nutrients and vitamins for a child.
In total, 600 children were reached.

Switzerland: Lab equipment
donation
Lab equipment from our
former Kaisersaugst facilities
was donated to a Tanzanian university,
supporting pharmaceutical education under
the BIRS program. The initiative contributes to
developing future African pharma professionals.

Turkey: Youth Impact
program
In collaboration with WBCSD
Türkiye and the Yenibirlider
Association, we ran the Youth
Impact program, selecting 21 students to cocreate solutions in sustainability, together with
industry representatives. A key outcome was a
comprehensive KPI list, designed to embed
youth-driven thinking into enterprise
performance management.
USA: Food pantry
In Belvidere, NJ, volunteers
collected and sorted 1,200
pounds of food for the Warren
County Food Pantry. Their work supported
distribution to 300 families as part of the site’s
annual holiday giving campaign.

Compensation

Environmental
information

153

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION > CLIMATE CHANGE

Climate change

Climate change is one of the most pressing
issues of our time. Urgent and decisive action
is required to both mitigate its impact and
adapt to the inevitable volatility the planet is
experiencing now and will continue to
experience in the future.
We acknowledge these challenges and will
meet them head-on, shouldering our
responsibility to accelerate climate action
throughout our business, our value chain, and
beyond. We have been, and will continue to be,
an industry leader in both our commitment to
ambitious climate targets and in our drive to
deliver against these targets.
Our climate approach
Our climate approach, as detailed in the
accompanying chart, focuses on climate
change mitigation and climate change
adaptation in our own operations and value
chain. While we remain fully responsible for
reducing our own emissions, the products and
services we offer to our customers provide us
with an opportunity to extend our impact
beyond our own operations and supply chains,
enabling large-scale global decarbonization
through avoided emissions in the broader value
chain, resulting in added value for our
customers.
We have outstanding products such as Bovaer®,
our methane-reducing feed additive for cattle,
and our long-established Purifine® family of
enzymatic solutions, which enable our

154

customers to significantly decarbonize their
own value chains. Our climate mitigation
activities, aligned to the latest 1.5°C global
warming science, include:

Our climate approach

Climate change mitigation
•

•

•

•

The reduction of direct emissions in our
own operations (Scope 1 & 2) through
operational efficiency improvements and
our renewable energy transition strategy
The reduction of indirect emissions in our
value chain by driving Scope 3
improvements through engaging and
collaborating with our suppliers, driving
additional value chain improvements and
new designs and technology to reduce
emissions
Collaborating with our customers to avoid
emissions in their own operations through
the products and services we offer
Ultimately, in alignment with Science Based
Target initiative (SBTi) standards, using
carbon removal technologies to deliver our
net-zero target. However, we will not rely on
carbon credits to achieve our near-term
targets.

With respect to climate change adaptation, a
risk-based approach helps us identify and
assess risks and opportunities and thus where
we need to build further resilience into our own
operations and value chain.

Climate adaptation

Reducing our
own emissions

Reducing the
emissions of others

Increasing
permanent carbon
removals

Increasing resilience

In our own
operations

Reduce our
direct emissions and
renewable energy
(Scope 1 & 2)

Collaborative
customer and
consortia projects on
renewable energy,
waste, transport, etc.

Carbon removals in
our own operations

Protect our operations
from physical risks

In our upor downstream value
chain

Reduce our
indirect emissions
(Scope 3)

Reduce the emissions
of others through our
products and
services (avoided
emissions)

Carbon removals in
our supply chains

Protect key supply chains
from physical risks and
enable adaptation of
others through our
products

>

Compensation

Strategy
Transition plan
Climate is a core part of our Sustainability
program. It is one of our key focus areas:
Accelerating Climate Action. This means we are
committed to reaching net zero ourselves, and
to supporting our customers’ and suppliers’
climate journeys.
In 2024, to formalize how we would accelerate
climate action, we developed our first Climate
Transition Action Plan (CTAP) which will be
updated as we mature in our climate journey
and the market around us changes. This plan is
intended to support the delivery of our broader
climate agenda and to outline our strategy to
transition to a low-carbon business. It focuses
on both climate change mitigation and climate
adaptation, aiming to reduce our carbon
footprint while strengthening resilience to
climate-related risks.
The CTAP, which remains a living document,
was based on the guidance document from the
CDP’s Technical Note: Reporting on Climate
Transition Plans. It covers a wide range of topics
including:
•

•
•
•

Strategy, including scenario analysis,
financial planning, low-carbon initiatives,
and policy engagement
Risk and opportunity management
Metrics and targets
Strategy implementation, including
roadmaps with key decarbonization levers

Governance is also a key aspect of the CTAP,
with the Board of Directors and the Executive
Committee playing crucial roles in overseeing
and implementing the sustainability strategy.

155

Since its inception, the CTAP has become the
accepted terminology for how all functions in
our business play their role in delivering our
climate transition and meeting our aspiration of
Accelerating Climate Action. The CTAP has
been built bottom-up by the Business Units
and relevant Business Partners – whether that
be Sustainability, Procurement and Responsible
Sourcing, Supply Chain or Group Operations –
and firmly entrenched in how these functions
operate. A high-level view of our overall netzero roadmap, with targets and actions, can be
seen in the graphic below.
Although the CTAP is comprehensive and
covers climate mitigation and adaptation,
avoided emissions and more, core to the CTAP
are the roadmaps on how to deliver our Scope 1
& 2 and Scope 3 targets. These roadmaps help
integrate our climate mitigation actions across
the business and provide the basis to develop
the financial plans to meet our commitments.
Based on these plans, we do not envision a
requirement to fundamentally change our
business model or strategy to meet these
commitments, nor have we identified assets
that are incompatible with a net-zero economy.
We also do not expect material impacts on our
own workforce. We furthermore conducted an
initial qualitative review of locked-in emissions,
which did not identify any potentially material
locked-in emissions. Due to the nature of our
economic activities, the alignment of our
economic activities with the EU Taxonomy
Regulation is not considered material to the
company. dsm-firmenich is also not excluded
from the EU Paris-Aligned Benchmarks.

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION > CLIMATE CHANGE > OUR NET-ZERO ROADMAP

Consolidated Financial Statements

2021

2030

2045

We are decarbonizing our own operations and value chain by:

We will invest in new technologies and review how we operate by:

We will achieve

Accelerating climate action

Scaling up decarbonization

Improving energy efficiency in our
operations and equipment

Reducing emissions from our purchased ingredients

Assessing the products we sell, and how and where we sell them

Investing in our operations and innovative
product design

Investing in radically lower carbon-intensive technology platforms

Implementing eco-steering for our products
and form ulations

Stepping-up in renewable energy usage and electrification
Scaling-up carbon removal solutions

2025

31 %

reduction

23%
Scope 1 & 2 emissions
Scope 3 emissions
Carbon remov al and storage

reduction

42%
25%

>

Note: The net-zero roadmap and targets include total dsm-firmenich.
ANH is material to our emissions inventory and targets. The impact of
this is being investigated and will be reported at a later stage.

Our net-zero roadmap

156

>

Delivering our commitment

net zero
across our value chain by:

Reducing our value chain
emissions by 90%
Neutralizing the remainder
via high-quality carbon
removal and storage
systems

reduction

reduction

90%

reduction

10% neutralization

Compensation

Resilience Analysis
Scope of the resilience analysis
Managing the impact of climate change is
integral to how we operate. In 2025, we
performed an updated mapping of the
processes we use to address material impacts,
risks, and opportunities. While the mapping
showed that we have a strong capacity to
address our impacts, risks, and opportunities,
nevertheless we identified areas to further
strengthen and ensure business resilience.
A key aspect of managing our impacts, risks,
and opportunities lies in our approach to
assessing climate impacts and resilience
analysis, which consists of two main
components:
•

•

Conducting physical climate risk
assessments is essential to safeguard our
business from the impacts of climate
change. Climate change poses direct
threats across our operations and upstream
supply chain. We identify physical risks, and
mitigate these where necessary, to maintain
continuity and resilience.
Assessing and managing climate transition
risks and opportunities are critical to ensure
that we navigate impacts from a transition
to a net-zero world. By addressing these
risks and opportunities, we secure the
competitiveness of the business and
position ourselves for long-term growth.

These assessments feed into the overall
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework,
allowing the business to highlight where
aspects of the strategy may be at risk and
where risk mitigation efforts are required. Our
approach includes both qualitative and

157

quantitative assessments, considering a range
of climate scenarios and time horizons. Our
approach covers total dsm-firmenich.
These processes are comprehensive, and we
have an overarching approach to ensure that
the outcomes are digested, monitored, and
have appropriate follow-up. These assessments
are grounded in climate scenarios that provide
structured views of potential future conditions.
By applying multiple scenarios across different
time horizons, we ensure that identified risks
and opportunities reflect a range of plausible
climate pathways, strengthening the resilience
of our strategy.
Climate scenarios
We use climate scenarios to assess risks and
opportunities for our business, over various
time horizons, up to 2050. The scope is not
limited to our own operations but includes the
impact along the full value chain. These
scenarios are based on the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) framework,
which integrates global climate model
projections with Shared Socioeconomic
Pathways (SSPs), providing a comprehensive
view of future climate risks based on a number
of several differentiated and plausible futures:
•
•
•

SSP1-2.6: Low emissions, aligned with Paris
Agreement
SSP2-4.5: Middle of the road
SSP5-8.5: Fossil-fueled development, high
emissions

We utilize IPCC scenarios because they are
globally recognized, science-based, and ensure
consistency and credibility across sectors.
While other frameworks, such as the Network of
Central Banks and Supervisors for Greening the

<

Sustainability Statements

Financial System (NGFS), are valuable for
specific purposes such as financial sector
stress testing, IPCC scenarios remain the most
robust and widely adopted tools for evaluating
long-term climate impacts on business
strategy and value chains.
For transition to a net-zero world, we enrich the
IPCC scenarios with forward-looking business
context (e.g., regulations on land and/or water
use, eco-footprint of products, shifts in
consumption patterns) and insights from other
sources, including International Energy Agency
(IEA) scenarios, including ‘Net Zero by 2050’
limiting temperature increase to 1.5°C, and
International Monetary Fund (IMF) scenarios.
Additionally, for the transition scenarios, the
‘Middle of the road’ scenario also includes
elements from SSP1, and the ‘Fossil-fueled
development, high emissions’ scenario includes
elements of SSP3.
Assessing climate risks and opportunities
Assessing climate risks in our business is a
journey we began in 2020 and which continues
today. As a complement to our efforts on
climate change mitigation – reducing and
stabilizing emissions to combat the root cause
of climate change – we also assess the climate
resilience of our assets and value chains.
We map the impact of physical climate change,
upstream (suppliers, natural raw materials),
within our operations, and downstream (endmarket). The material risks identified through
the physical and transition climate risk
assessments are integrated and managed as
part of our regular risk management processes.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Climate-related physical risks
For physical climate risk assessments, including
climate change adaptation, we use desk studies
for a high-level screening of physical hazards –
for example, heatwaves, drought, flooding,
precipitation, high winds, or wildfire (SSP2-4.5,
SSP5-8.5). This gives us the major impact
factors for our portfolio. We conduct on-site
deep dives to obtain a more detailed
understanding of actual risks for our assets.
These consider the specifics of the site, using
local “climate event site scenarios” over short-,
medium-, and long-term time horizons.
To date, we have executed physical climate
hazard screening for approximately 50% of our
own manufacturing sites, prioritizing key sites.
The screening identified heatwave, drought and
extreme precipitation as the primary (future)
hazards. Sites most potentially affected by
heatwave and drought are in the US, France, the
Netherlands, and Switzerland. Note that
vulnerability was not a part of this climate
hazard screening. We also completed an
additional five on-site deep dives in 2025 to
understand the future climate risks for our
assets in greater detail. This brings our total of
on-site deep dives to 18. We are using the
results to improve business continuity planning
as well as our water stewardship approach.
More information is available in the Water and
marine resources section.
We have also executed high-level screenings to
assess impacts of physical climate hazards on
our main supplier locations. To date, we have
screened our key suppliers and identified
heatwave, drought, and extreme precipitation
as the primary (future) hazards. The supplier
locations most potentially affected by
heatwave and drought are in the US, China,

Compensation

Germany, France, and the Netherlands. The
conclusions of the study were reviewed with
the procurement team and serve as a basis for
climate resilience discussions with our
suppliers.
Climate-related transition risks
For climate transition risk assessments, we
organize separate sessions, with input from
experts and senior management, to assess
risks and opportunities related to our transition
to a net-zero economy (in areas such as policy
and legal, technology, market and reputation).
These risks and opportunities are assessed for
each scenario over short-, medium-, and longterm time horizons.
In 2025, we executed new climate transition
risk assessments for two of our Business Units.
These assessments revealed both risks and
opportunities by 2030, as well as some longerterm risks. Examples of potential risks from
these assessments are GHG emission
restrictions (of suppliers) and the impact of
water regulations in the value chain. An example
of potential opportunities uncovered by the
assessments includes incentives to our
customers to reduce their carbon footprint. The
assessments are used as a basis for risk and
incident reporting and for follow-up activities
executed by the business.
The way forward
Building on the solid foundation we have
established, we will continue to embed climate
resilience into our strategic decisions and the
way we operate. Our ability to adapt our
strategy and business model to the realities of
climate change is central to this approach. We
have shown this by prioritizing decarbonization,

158

<

Sustainability Statements

investing in energy efficiency, and accelerating
the transition to net zero. We have set sciencebased targets for GHG emission reduction,
conduct regular climate risk assessments, and
are implementing the CTAP, aligned with the
Paris Agreement.
Each of our Business Units offers products or
services that can help reduce the carbon
footprint of our customers and downstream
partners. More information can be found in
Avoided emissions. Additionally, our Science &
Research teams have ensured a strong pipeline
to meet the ever increasing demand for these
products and services.

Impact, risk, and opportunity management

We nevertheless realize that we cannot achieve
climate resilience in a silo, and that
macroeconomic conditions, technology
availability, and other external factors impact
our ability to deliver. To address these risks and
realize opportunities, we engage in advocacy
and industry collaboration to help shape
external conditions necessary for achieving our
climate ambitions.

Reducing our operational emissions – Scope 1
&2

Actions and resources
Our actions, as detailed in our CTAP and
displayed in the net-zero roadmap above, are
unpinned by a broader commitment to
deploying the resources and capital to the
identification and implementation of projects
to reduce our emissions across the full value
chain. Our actions are organized across 5 key
decarbonization levers, including some 20 sublevers, covering our own operations and value
chains.

To deliver on our Scope 1 & 2 target of reducing
absolute emissions by 42% from a 2021
baseline, we have developed a rigorous and
continuous process of identifying and
implementing new initiatives to lower our own
emissions. This has been very successful over
the past few years. It builds on two parallel
activities:
•

•

The identification of site improvement
opportunities (e.g., site deep dives and
energy scans)
Reviewing the deployment of sustainable
technologies (e.g., energy dashboarding and
monitoring, and heat pumps)

These activities culminate twice a year in a
detailed, bottom-up Scope 1 & 2 GHG roadmap.
This is organized by site, by Business Unit, and
at Group level, and evaluates the gaps and
resources necessary to close those gaps.
Implementation is reviewed throughout the
year and built into the annual financial planning
and CapEx allocation cycle. Our roadmap

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

toward our Scope 1 & 2 target consists of two
levers, expected to contribute in similar
proportion:
•
•

Reducing our energy consumption through
energy efficiency measures
Transitioning toward renewable energy over
time, with an initial focus on increasing the
amount of purchased renewable electricity

The implementation of roadmap projects that
reduce GHG emissions is supported by a yearly
ring-fenced CapEx budget. Based on our 2030
Scope 1 & 2 GHG roadmap, we estimate an
average investment of €10–25 million per year
for the period 2025–2030 to achieve our
ambition. Investments are selected in such a
way as to also bring about reductions in OpEx,
and a review process aims at minimizing the
investments while maximizing cost savings
together with GHG savings.
1 - Toward more energy efficient sites
A key lever of our Scope 1 & 2 GHG reduction
roadmap involves reducing our operational
energy consumption by being more efficient.
Various solutions and technologies are being
implemented to support this transition. These
are described in the accompanying table.
A team of experts works with our production
sites to identify opportunities to implement
these technologies. This collaboration and the
development of site roadmaps, combined with
the transition to renewable energy, forms the
basis of our Scope 1 & 2 GHG roadmap. The
implementation of this multi-year project
portfolio is projected to deliver average annual
reductions of 20 to 30 kt CO2e. In our 2025
results, the GHG reduction contribution from
this program is linked mainly to the roughly 30

Compensation

Scope 1 & 2 reduction lever

Sub-levers
Operation optimization
and transparency

Example solutions and technologies

•
•

Reduce leakages
Energy dashboards

•
•

Insulation
Condensate recovery

•

•
•

Energy efficiency

•

State of the art
equipment

•
•
•

Process optimization

•
•

Energy-efficient chillers
Motors
Compressors
Boilers

Membranes
Fermentation optimisation

•
•

Heat pumps
Mechanical vapory recompression

Upgraded boilers in Kingstree (South
Carolina, USA), saving ~3.5ktCO2e
The roll-out of our digital program with, for
example, a new energy dashboard in Leon
(Spain), saving ~0.3ktCO2e
Steam trap monitoring completion in
Grenzach (Germany), saving ~1.5ktCO2e
The heat recovery project in Brotas (Brazil),
saving 0.5ktCO2e

In 2025, we continued to invest in the energy
efficiency of our operations, implementing a
comparable number of projects and a
comparable level of investment. We completed:
•

•

Smart electrification

Sustainability Statements

projects implemented in 2024 or early 2025
across the world, representing an investment of
approximately €10 million in 2024. These
include:

•

Basics in place

<

•

The installation of new chillers to reduce
refrigerant leakages in Zhangjiagang
(Jiangsu province, China) and Sydney
(Australia), expected to save ~5ktCO2e
The installation of heat pumps in Minhang
(Shanghai, China) and Xinghuo (Shanghai,
China), saving ~2ktCO2e
A steam network upgrade in Port Newark
(New Jersey, USA), saving ~2ktCO2e

•

Renewable energy

Purchased renewable
electricity, heat and fuel

•
•
•

Self-generated
renewable electricity,
heat and fuel

159

•
•

Purchased renewable electricity
Biomass
Biogas
Steam made of renewable sources

Solar PV
Biogas generated from waste streams

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

2 – Renewable energy
In 2025, we reached a major milestone in our
climate journey, with 100% of our purchased
electricity, representing 125 GWh, now coming
from renewable sources. Our commitment as a
member of RE100 (the Climate Group’s
initiative comprising leading companies that
have committed to obtaining 100% electricity
from renewable sources as early as possible
and via credible claims) has been reached as
per plan.
In accordance with strict RE100 technical
criteria, this achievement was reached by
switching to renewable electricity via long-term
power purchase agreements (PPAs), local retail
contracts and, where not possible, local
unbundled Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs).
This is the result of hard work over many years
to build robust contracts with multiple
partners, for instance:
•

•

Energy efficiency improvements arise from the
development and implementation of multi-year
project plans that are continuously improved to
generate maximum savings per investment,
thereby supporting business resilience. Energy
efficiency projects may be wide-ranging in
nature. They include the optimization of
processes, ensuring that basics (such as
insulation or heat recovery) are in place, the
implementation of best-available techniques in
support of innovation, and the implementation
of digital solutions.

>

•

For North America: Several long-term virtual
power purchase agreements (VPPAs), with
one wind park and one solar park in
operation since 2024, and another solar
park expected to be in operation in 2026
For Europe: Long-term wind and solar
VPPAs/PPAs in Spain and the Netherlands,
hydro-blocks in Switzerland and several
local retail contracts
For China: Several long-term contracts in
Shanghai, Jiangsu, Jilin and Inner Mongolia
provinces completed, with short-term
contracts in other provinces

The main improvement in 2025 – beyond
maintaining the already achieved renewable
electricity volumes – has been in developing
renewable electricity contracts to supply Yantai

Compensation

(Shandong province, China) and Yimante (Hubei
province, China) with renewable electricity and
unbundled EACs.
In addition to renewable electricity, we are also
active in developing further renewable fuel and
heat solutions for our operations. Besides sites
that continue to use renewable or low-carbon
sources for steam and heat, such as plants in
Switzerland, France, China, India and Brazil, a
major milestone was reached for our pectin
production site in Yantai (Shandong province,
China) where at the end of 2025 the steam
supply was switched to biomass partially based
on our production waste streams, increasing
our share of renewable energy and significantly
reducing our Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions.
We are working to further develop options to
turn fuel and heat into renewable sourcing
through electrification (such as through heat
pumps or mechanical vapor recompression
projects), optimizations in the use of waste
streams, and, in collaboration with external
providers, the development of energy transition
plans.
Reducing our value chain emissions – Scope 3
Scope 3 emissions, our indirect value-chain
emissions, constitute over 90% of our total
GHG emissions, making value-chain
decarbonization a strategic priority.
We implement internationally recognized
standards to guide our Scope 3
decarbonization agenda. Emissions are
calculated according to the GHG Protocol’s
Corporate Value-chain Accounting Standard,
and we adhere to SBTi criteria for target-setting
and progress tracking. This provides
consistency and credibility in how we measure

160

and address Scope 3 emissions and claim
reductions.
To enhance the accuracy and transparency of
our Scope 3 emissions reporting, we have
continued investing in 2025 in advanced digital
solutions that integrate data from procurement,
logistics, and product systems into a unified
platform. This approach enables controlled
data collection, consistent application of
emission factors, and clear tracking of
assumptions and data quality. We also
digitalized the collection of primary emissions
data. Primary data is more accurate and reliable
because it is supplier- and activity-specific,
current, and based on actual value-chain data,
leading to emission estimates with significantly
lower uncertainty than secondary data. Primary
data undergoes a thorough LCA review before it
is incorporated into our corporate footprint.
Digitalization allows us to progressively increase
the use of primary, supplier-specific data,
improve traceability for assurance, and model
scenarios to guide business decisions. By
building stronger reporting capabilities, we not
only improve transparency but also create a
practical lever for driving real-world emissions
reductions.
In 2025, we made considerable progress in
building our Scope 3 reduction delivery routes
to complement the extensive work on
developing our Scope 3 reporting capability.
Through a collaborative process between our
Business Units and Business Partners (including
Procurement, Science and Research, Group
Sustainability) each Business Unit developed a
bottom-up Scope 3 decarbonization roadmap.
This is then consolidated into a Group-level
plan to be included in the CTAP and to
determine progress toward our Group SBTi

<

Sustainability Statements

target. The roadmap allows us to prioritize our
Scope 3 projects, evaluate the gaps, and secure
resources to close gaps.
Our roadmap toward our Scope 3 target
consists of three broad levers, as shown in the
accompanying table.
Purchased ingredients
A significant portion of our Scope 3 emissions
comes from our raw materials, our ingredients,
and the intermediates we purchase from our
suppliers. To address these emissions, a team
of cross-functional experts identified and
assessed cost-effectiveness and feasibility in
order to prioritize initiatives.
To achieve the required emissions reductions
across purchased ingredients, but also our
broader upstream value chains, we accelerated
the rollout of our Join Forces supplier
engagement for Climate in 2025. For more
information, see Engaging with our supply chain
in General information.
In 2025, we:
•

•
•

•

Accelerated engagement with high-emitting
and high-spend suppliers to set their own
Science-Based Targets (SBTs)
Expanded primary data collection
Advanced decarbonization plans for top
emitters, as referenced above, enhancing
our actions to assess cost and feasibility to
build business cases and prioritize
initiatives
Upskilled suppliers by offering capabilitybuilding training on SBTs and product
carbon footprint calculation, delivered in
partnership with the World Business Council
for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)

•

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Integrated climate action into our policies
and standards, and our procurement
managers were evaluated against climate
objectives to ensure the integration of
climate considerations into suppliers’
allocation decision-making and relationship
management. We also launched a largescale procurement community climate
upskilling program, training procurement
managers on climate urgency, emissions
measurement, and reduction strategies

Finally, as we believe there is no impact at scale
without collaboration, in 2025 we accelerated
our collaboration with key external
organizations – including WBCSD’s Partnership
for Carbon Transparency (PACT) framework and
Together for Sustainability (TfS) - working with
industry stakeholders to drive collective action
on Scope 3 reductions. This cooperation
supports alignment across value chains and
enhances the effectiveness of our supplier
decarbonization efforts.
Operations and innovation
Across our operations, we innovate and
enhance efficiency by streamlining production
processes to maximize yield, minimize waste,
and ultimately reduce raw material
consumption.
Internal fuel- and energy-related activities
(Scope 3.3) and waste generated in operations
(Scope 3.5) are also included in our Scope 3
targets. Operational efficiency improvements
can also result in a reduction in fuel- and
energy-related emissions. These follow
roadmaps developed and steered by our
operations teams with a view to increasing
overall site energy efficiency, as described
earlier in this chapter.

Compensation

Scope 3
reduction lever

Sub-levers

Details

Sourcing of low-carbon
raw materials or
ingredients

Sourcing low-carbon materials from alternative suppliers
or stream of supply (e.g., waste)

Efficiency
improvement

Efficiency improvements with suppliers (e.g., raw material
and energy)

Renewables and
electrification

Renewable sources of energy for electricity and/or heat at
suppliers

Purchased
ingredients

Operation and
innovation

Regenerative
agriculture

Regenerative agriculture (e.g., no tillage, green fertilizer,
etc.) practices at suppliers

Deforestation-free

Sourcing agricultural ingredients from verified
deforestation-free areas.

Biotechnology

Using biotech routes (e.g., fermentation, enzymes) to
produce ingredients with lower energy use and footprint

Process optimization

Optimization of production or supply chain process (e.g.,
better yield, energy reduction, route optimization in
logistics)

Waste reduction

Reducing waste and implementation of improved waste
management practices
New low-carbon material and production technologies

Portfolio management

Strategic steering of product and portfolio mix

Eco switches

Improved product composition and reformulating
ingredients to lower their carbon intensity

Eco-steering

161

Sustainability Statements

Our supply chain team is also working on our
network redesign, which will enhance our
emissions reduction efforts in transportation
and distribution emissions (Scope 3.4) by
improving consolidation and route optimization,
in addition to primary benefits in the
transportation network.
Eco-steering
Eco‑steering or eco‑design refers to the
redesign of products and reformulation of
ingredients to lower their carbon intensity, for
example, by leveraging biotech routes or
incorporating recycled content where feasible.
This lever also includes strategically steering
our product portfolio toward lower‑carbon
alternatives. Expanding the use of eco‑steering
and eco‑design presents a significant
opportunity to accelerate emissions reduction
by scaling lower‑carbon product innovations
and shifting our portfolio mix toward more
sustainable solutions.
Scope 3 mitigation projects in 2025
Across these three levers, there were many
projects in 2025 that helped deliver against our
Scope 3 target. Some examples of these are:
•

Low-carbon design for
products and process

<

•

In our natural mint supply chain, we were
able to reduce emissions through the
introduction of sustainable practices such
as switching from synthetic to organic
fertilizers, replacing diesel irrigation pumps
with electric systems, and, most impactfully,
transitioning from coal to biomass for heat
distillation
Through our continued efforts to build on
the transparency and quality of our
collected primary data, we were able to
capture the decarbonization efforts and

•

•

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

achievements of key suppliers for products
such as niacinamide and niacin
In our upstream transportation and
distribution category, we saw a reduction
which was largely driven by the intentional
reduction in airfreight volumes,
complemented by ongoing optimization
efforts in consolidation and route planning
Further projects will be implemented in
2026 once the relevant data has been
analyzed

Innovations toward net zero
In 2025 we launched an internal call for
proposals under our newly implemented Big
Sustainability Bets program. This program
invites bold, disruptive ideas to reduce GHG, far
beyond incremental change. This initiative
ignited our scientific community,
demonstrating the power of collaboration and
innovation by bringing together diverse teams
across science, research and innovation to
tackle some of the most pressing
decarbonization challenges.
The outcome is a robust portfolio of
transformative concepts - spanning
breakthrough product designs and pioneering
process innovations - that hold the potential to
deliver significant impact on our journey to net
zero. Beyond the proposals themselves, which
in our first round surfaced over 20 new
projects, this effort has strengthened
connections, fostered knowledge exchange, and
reaffirmed our collective commitment to
driving meaningful change for People and
Planet.

Compensation

Avoided emissions
We also give increased attention to identifying,
developing and strengthening the products that
can create impact through avoided emissions.
These are emissions that are not part of our
own Scope 1, 2 or 3, but which can be reduced
due to our unique product performance. The
way in which avoided emissions are realized
varies based on the unique challenges facing
our end markets and how our products are
applied to help solve them.
We use Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) studies to
quantify and substantiate the benefits of
avoided emissions enabled by our products
when sufficient reliable data is available.
Through LCA, we calculate the measurable GHG
emissions reductions of our solutions in the
downstream value chain. The reductions are
demonstrably attributable to the solution and
compared to a reference scenario with the
mainstream solution currently available. The
reference should always have comparable
functionality to the products we are modelling.
The LCA's are performed according to ISO
14040/14044 methodology and the dsmfirmenich LCA Policy and validated by internal
or external experts as required.
In 2025, WBCSD issued their updated Guidance
on Avoided Emissions – Helping business drive
innovations and scale solutions toward net zero.
This updated version “…is a pivotal step towards
integrating avoided emissions and
intervention-based impact accounting into
globally recognized carbon accounting
standards. It now includes refined definitions
and more detailed methodologies in key areas
such as data quality, impact monitoring, and
reporting – offering enhanced practical

162

guidance for both businesses and investors”
(WBCSD, 2025).
To test this guidance, and how it could be
applied to a broader range of dsm-firmenich
products in the future, in 2025 we piloted the
new guidance. The pilot showed that the new
guidance can be used to address the
challenges of calculating avoided emissions in a
rigorous and harmonized way, with our intention
to secure third-party validation in 2026.
Although we intend to mature our calculation
methodology and disclosure of avoided
emissions through this pilot, it is not yet
finalized and therefore any disclosure of
avoided emissions in this Report is based on
calculations made by the respective product
teams. We provide a varied set of examples
each year to illustrate the potential impact
across different businesses. As our
methodology matures — including external
validation of selected cases — we will refine
and expand our disclosures, while keeping
avoided emissions separate from our Scope 1–
3 accounting.
Bovaer® continues to play a transformative role
in reducing methane emissions across the
agricultural value chain, with cumulative
avoided emissions of more than 500 ktons of
CO2e by the end of 2025. By significantly
reducing emissions, it provides a scalable,
science-based solution to one of agriculture’s
most critical environmental challenges: climate
change mitigation and advancing sustainable
farming practices. In 2025, Bovaer® continued
to make substantial progress in its global
rollout, gaining regulatory approvals in key
markets and reaching more farmers worldwide.
Now present in 68 countries, it is bringing the
vision of more sustainable dairy and beef
farming closer to reality. In recognition of its

<

Sustainability Statements

impact, Bovaer® was endorsed in 2025 by the
Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) as an
“outstanding demonstration of innovation in
advancing sustainable livestock
transformation,” highlighting its measurable
environmental performance and contribution to
sustainable dairy and beef production.
Our long-established Purifine® family of
enzymatic solutions is proven to help obtain
greater yield from vegetable oils and biodiesel.
The yield of the oil refining process as its ecofootprint can be improved by using enzymes to
replace traditional treatments in the production
process. Purifine® 3G, Purifine® LM and Purifine®
PLA1 together helped our customers to reduce
their GHG emissions by approximately 95 kt of
CO2e in 2025. This happens without any impact
on the desired properties of the end-product.
We further support downstream efforts by
sharing our carbon footprint through
Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs),
Imp’Act Card™, and Ecotools for our
businesses. We explore new innovations, such
as the low-carbon sweetener, EverSweet®, our
low-carbon vitamin C, Quali®-C, and even the
recycling of toluene at our site in La Plaine
(Switzerland). Our dedication to sustainability
extends into our product range, where we
actively engage in the eco-design of fragrances
and flavor solutions with low-carbon emissions,
utilizing our digitally integrated tools EcoScent
Compass® and EcoFood Compass®.
Metrics and targets
Our commitments
In October 2024, we received validation of our
climate targets by the SBTi. SBTi is an
independent and leading global authority that

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

evaluates and validates companies’ climate
targets. The criteria are that these climate
targets must be science-based and must align
with the Paris Agreement (a global agreement
that aims to limit global warming by 1.5OC).
These near- and long-term science-based
targets following the net-zero standard
reconfirm our ambition of being a climate
leader. With these new targets, we are
committed to:
•
•
•

•

Reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions
across the value chain by 2045
Reduce absolute Scope 1 & 2 emissions by
42% by 2030 from a 2021 base year
Increase active annual sourcing of
renewable electricity from 76% in 2021 to
100% by 2025 and to continue active
annual sourcing of 100% renewable
electricity through 2030
Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions
by 25% by 2030 from a 2021 base year
(from purchased goods and services, fueland energy-related activities, upstream
transportation and distribution, and waste
generated in operations)

As a key requirement of committing to being a
net-zero company by 2045 across our full
value chain, we aim for a minimum
decarbonization reduction of 90% across all
scopes versus a 2021 baseline. In setting a
baseline for SBTs, it was necessary to balance
the requirements set by the SBTi and select a
year which best represented our business
reality. 2021 was selected, as it was a year for
which we had complete data available for our
legacy companies, as well as being post-Covid
and prior to the disruption in the vitamin
market. Our decarbonization efforts focus on
avoiding and mitigating GHG emissions.
However, we will also look to neutralize any

>

Compensation

unavoidable residual emissions by means of
carbon removals, using nature-based or other
industrial-based solutions.
Additionally, to enable the delivery of our 25%
Scope 3 GHG emissions reduction, internal
leading indicators have been set. These include
supplier spend with Science-Based Targets and
suppliers with primary data coverage.
ANH represents a significant part of our current
GHG inventory and a large part of the progress
we have made against our current SBTs is due
to reductions realized in ANH. The carve-out
will therefore materially impact our overall
reported GHG inventory as well as reduce the
progress versus our 2021 baseline. This impact
is currently being assessed and will be reported
at a later stage.
Progress

In 2025, our Scope 1 & 2 market-based GHG
emissions[RA] amounted to 722 kt CO2e, of which
582 kt CO2e related to Scope 1 emissions and
140 kt CO2e related to Scope 2 emissions.
These emission levels (excluding assets that
were divested in 2024) represent a 31.4%
reduction versus our 2021 baseline.
Our absolute Scope 3 reduction corresponds
to a 23.2% reduction against the 2021 baseline,

In our upstream supply chain, our Procurement
team increased the share of spend covered by
SBT-verified suppliers by more than 7% yearon-year, reaching 36.2% of total spend, or the
equivalent of 26% of Scope 3.1 emissions. In
addition, using SiGreen, an industry-recognized
data and decarbonization platform, we
improved the collection of primary data from
our most mature suppliers. As a result, 16% of
our emissions are now supported by primary
data (up from 13% at the beginning of 2025).

We do not currently implement significant GHG
removals or mitigation projects or finance
climate change mitigation activities through
carbon credits. However, to progress our Nature
agenda, we engage in beyond-value-chain
mitigation projects with the Livelihoods Funds.
These generate a limited amount of carbon
credits each year. No carbon credits generated
were retired in 2025. See Biodiversity and
ecosystems for more information.

SBT Scope

Baseline

Target

Trajectory
2025

Reduction
to 2025

2021 emissions
SBT (ktCO2e)

2025 Emissions
SBT (ktCO2e) [RA]

Scope 1 & 2

2021

2030

-18.7%

-31.4%

1,052

722

Scope 3

2021

2030

-11.1%

-23.2%

10,723

8,225

163

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

which was driven by procured volume
reduction guided by focused product steering.
The primary driver of the year-on-year
reduction is in Scope 3.1 (purchased goods and
services), with purchased volumes 13% lower
compared to the 2021 baseline. Purchased
volumes for direct raw materials were similar to
2024, which is the largest driver of emissions..

Removals and carbon credits

In 2025 we continued to make good progress
with regard to our climate targets. Our
realizations in 2025, versus our 2021 baseline
and the 2025 trajectory, are presented in the
accompanying table.

<

1 The 2021 baseline is recalculated annually, in line with the Greenhouse gas protocol.

2025 SBT inventory performance versus previous year and the 2021 baseline
Internal carbon pricing
Our Internal Carbon Pricing (ICP) is a key tool
for addressing climate-related risks by
assigning a financial value to our emissions. This
helps us make informed decisions to reduce
our carbon footprint, protect ecosystems in
our.value chain, and meet expectations from
investors, customers, and regulators.
In 2025, to be more proactive in our actions
and decision-making processes, we
reimplemented and reinforced our ICP
processes as a critical element of our business
case assessments. This will allow us to:
•
•

Clearly evaluate the impact of carbon
emissions
Make informed investment decisions that
align with our sustainability commitments

Our framework currently focuses on Scope 1 &
2 emissions.
The current carbon price is set at €100 per
metric ton of CO2, driven by both economic

and environmental considerations. The carbon
price has been set by looking to
recommendations from the High-Level
Commission on Carbon Prices and trading
ranges of the European Trading Scheme (ETS)
as well as benchmarks from other companies
that have implemented a carbon price. The
price will be reevaluated on a periodic basis to
ensure that it remains aligned with market
developments, regulatory changes, and
emerging best practice.
The scope of the ICP covers large CapEx
processes (within manufacturing, commercial,
and real estate and workplace) coordinated
through the Group Investment Committee
(GIC). Additionally, projects within the company
should, at minimum, not increase GHG
emissions (among other things, by assessing
best available techniques with respect to
energy consumption / GHG footprint
minimization). In the event this is not
(economically) feasible, the absolute emissions
growth should be compensated by measures in
the same Business Unit (within a three-year
timeframe).

Compensation

Energy

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Energy consumption
TJ

2025
MWh

TJ

2024
MWh

Total (net) primary energy consumption

16,740

4,660,300

16,840

4,704,700

Total fuel consumption
- Fossil sources
- Coal and coal products
- Crude oil and petroleum products
- Natural gas
- Other fossil sources
- Renewable sources including biomass
.

9,500

2,641,000

10,000

2,780,000

9,100
0
100
8,000
1,000
400

2,529,800
0
27,800
2,224,000
278,000
111,200

9,600
0
200
8,300
1,100
400

2,668,800
0
55,600
2,307,400
305,800
111,200

Total electricity purchased
- Purchased or acquired electricity from fossil sources
- Purchased or acquired electricity from renewable sources
.

4,500

1,256,000

4,300

1,205,900

0
4,500

0
1,256,000

200
4,100

61,200
1,144,700

40

11,300

40

11,300

Total purchased heat
- Purchased or acquired heat, from fossil sources
- Purchased or acquired heat from renewable source
.

3,400

945,200

3,400

945,200

2,000
1,400

556,000
389,200

2,100
1,300

583,800
361,400

Total energy exported
- Non-renewable + renewable electricity, exported
- Total heat exported

700

193,200

900

237,700

400
300

109,800
83,400

600
300

154,300
83,400

2025

2024

year-on-year
change

374.4

367.6

1.8%

Self-generated non-fuel renewable energy with ownership ¹
.

1

The 2024 figure (2024: 20) was restated due to updates at multiple sites

Energy intensity

(MWh / million euros)
Energy intensity per net revenue ¹
1

164

dsm-firmenich’s activities are associated with NACE Section C – Manufacturing, which is listed as a high climate impact sector. Total net revenue (Net sales 2025 and 2024) is reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Compensation

Greenhouse gas emissions
Our Scope 1 & 2 emissions arise primarily in our
manufacturing sites, pre-mix sites, distribution
centers, offices, labs and research sites due to
activities such as the combustion of fuel (e.g.,
for process heating) and the purchase of heat.
Scope 1 & 2 represents less than 10% of our
footprint, and significant effort has gone into
reducing our consumption of non-renewable
energy and transitioning toward renewable
energy sources.
Scope 3 emissions, which account for most of
our Group GHG footprint, are the result of the
emission footprint of our upstream supply
chain producing the goods and services we
require to manufacture our products. Other
sources include in- and out-bound logistics,
operational waste, and the emissions that are
downstream in the use of our products.
Almost all the 15 Scope 3 categories are used in
the calculation of our GHG inventory, in
accordance with the GHG protocol. Category
13: Downstream leased assets and Category 14:
Franchises are deemed immaterial, and
consequently not reported, based on the
Guidance for Accounting & Reporting
Corporate Emissions in the Chemical Sector
Value Chain for Scope 3 reporting, as published
by the WBCSD. The following four emissions
categories are relevant to the near-term SBTi
targets:
•
•
•
•

165

Category 1: Purchased goods and services
Category 3: Fuel and energy-related
activities
Category 4: Upstream transportation and
distribution
Category 5: Waste generated in operations

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Greenhouse gas emissions Scope 1, 2 and 3
Base year
(2021)

Annual %
target / Base
year

2024

2025

year-on-year
change

2030

775.4

721.7

-6.9%

610.0

-4.7%

Total Scope 1 CO2e emissions
- Gross Scope 1 CO2e emission ¹
- Emissions from regulated emissions trading schemes ²

605.7
268.0

581.7
245.0

-4.0%

Total Scope 2 CO2e emissions [RA]
- Market-based ¹
- Location-based

169.7
476.9

140.0
464.3

-17.5%
-2.6%

34.4

33.0

10,649.5

10,280.1

-3.5%

8,098.6
8,242.2
201.5
244.7
69.6

7,607.1
7,728.5
197.8
237.7
61.4

-6.1%
-6.2%
-1.8%
-2.9%
-11.8%

7,433.1

-2.8%

1,891.5
289.2
18.2
38.4
21.2
101.2
268.2
877.0
278.1

2,054.7
376.1
16.5
38.9
21.0
154.4
304.0
912.3
231.5

8.6%
30.0%
-9.3%
1.3%
-0.9%
52.6%
13.3%
4.0%
-16.8%

11,424.9
11,732.1

11,001.8
11,326.1

-3.7%
-3.5%

(x 1,000 tonnes)
Scope 1 & 2 CO2e emissions (market-based) ¹

1,051.8

2045

[RA]

Total biogenic CO2 emissions from combustion of biofuels
.
Scope 3 CO2e emissions 3 [RA]
SBT Scope 3 emissions ⁴
- 1 Purchased goods and services
- 3 Fuels
- 4 Transport & Distribution
- 5 Waste treatment

9,910.8

Other categories
- 2 Capital goods
- 6 Business travel ⁵
- 7 Employee commuting
- 8 Leased assets
- 9 Transport & Distribution
- 10 Processing of sold products
- 11 Use of sold products ⁵
- 12 End-of-life treatment
- 15 Investments
.
Total CO2e emissions
- Market-based ¹
- Location-based

-90%

1 2024 Gross Scope 1 emissions (2024: 594.4) and Scope 2 market-based (2024: 183.7) were restated due to corrections at multiple sites. Total Scope 1 & 2 (2024: 777.2) and Total market-based (2024: 11,934.2) have been recalculated.
2 42.1% of Scope 1 emissions comes from sites with direct obligations in Emission Trading Systems (EU ETS, UK ETS, Swiss ETS, Shanghai ETS)
3 2024 emissions for Scope 3 (2024: 11,156.1) have been recalculated due to methodology improvements. 2024 emissions for Scope 3 Category 12 (2024: 1,149.8) have been recalculated due to a correction in the emission factors.
16% of Scope 3 emissions (Category 1) were calculated using primary data from suppliers
4 SBT Scope 3 emissions consists of 92% Category 1 and all of Category 3,4 and 5
5 In line with applicable guidance, hotel emissions (Category 6 Business travel) amounting to 5,400 tonnes and metabolic emissions (Category 11) amounting to 777,800 tonnes are optional and reported outside the above table.

Total greenhouse gas intensity
(1,000 tonnes / million euros)

year-on-year
change

2025

2024

GHG intensity (market-based) ¹

0.88

0.89

-1.1%

GHG intensity (location-based)

0.90

0.92

-2.2%

1 2024 GHG intensity (market-based) (2024: 0.93) has been recalculated based on the restated greenhouse gas emissions

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION > POLLUTION

Pollution

In 2024, dsm-firmenich reported for the first
time on Substances of Concern and
Substances of very High Concern, as defined in
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU)
2023/2772 of July 31, 2023.
dsm-firmenich has substances that qualify as a
Substance of Concern while they are essential
or beneficial for human or animal life. Our focus
therefore is on safe production and use, as
always. The topic is managed through our
policy, requirements, and actions.
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
The 2024 results were discussed with the
Business Units and a peer study was
performed. The outcome of this process was
that additional transparency was needed on
our approach and position on Substances of
Concern and Substances of very High Concern.
For Substances of very High Concern, EU
regulations set the direction. Besides this,
customers drive the phase-out as they require
products, especially in the EU, without specific
hazard classes of Substance of very High
Concern or Substances of Concern. The
replacement of these substances in our
existing products is not an easy or
straightforward process. It takes time to find
the right substitute that still meets all the
product specifications, and to follow up on all
the implications a change of substance may
have on the product and its application. The
substitute found for one application may not be

166

the right candidate for another. Substitution
can be a complex process of trial and error.
Furthermore, given the broad set of qualifying
criteria for Substances of Concern,
replacement may be difficult, as a substitute
may still qualify as a Substance of Concern,
albeit classified under another hazard criteria.
Actions and resources
In 2025, the preparation for the migration of
product data in one of our main product data
platforms started. This migration is considered
critical for the preparation of the ANH carveout and an important step in our journey
toward an integrated and sustainable product
data platform. The project is running according
to plan, and go-live is expected in early 2026.
Our Product Stewardship team supports the
business globally and is heavily involved in this
project. In 2025, it went through a major
transition due to, among other things, the
preparation for the carve-out of our ANH
business. Business support continued,
including the classification and labelling of
substances and products according to the
Globally Harmonized System for Classification
and Labeling (GHS), and Dangerous Goods (DG)
requirements. The classification enables us to
generate required documentation such as the
Safety Datasheets, product labels, and
transportation documents.

Customers were served with tailored
information upon request, besides having
access to safety data sheets for all our
products.
We strive to limit new Substances of Concern
or Substances of very High Concern via our
innovations by applying a stage-keeping
approach, our 5D process.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

Metrics and targets
For our existing portfolio, we aim to develop
substance-specific targets in 2026,
considering the dynamics in the listings used
for qualifications as Substance of Concern or
Substance of very High Concern, our product
portfolio, and our belief in a risk-based
approach as mentioned in our SHE policy.
Our focus will be on Substances of very High
Concern, substances that are intended to be
ultimately banned in EU, and we will aim to
voluntarily reduce them across the globe.
We actively monitor and manage the impact of
Substances of Concern that are currently used
in our portfolio. In 2025, we continued to
develop our reporting approach, including fully
documenting our reporting methodology.

167

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Substances of Concern and Substances of very High Concern
We only report on products. Given the type of
business we are, the quantity of Substances of
Concern and Substances of very High Concern
in raw materials and intermediates is assumed
to be consistent with the volume in our finished
products.
In 2025, 127 kilotonnes of Substances of
Concern, including Substances of very High
Concern, were present in our finished products.
The differences between 2024 and 2025 are
due to a variety of factors including:
•
•
•

The inclusion of new sales data
Sales dynamics
Listed substances present in our portfolio

(tonnes)
Substances of Concern 1
Carcinogenicity categories 1 and 2
Germ cell mutagenicity categories 1 and 2
Reproductive toxicity categories 1 and 2
Endocrine disruption for human health
Endocrine disruption for environment
Persistent, Mobile and Toxic or Very Persistent, Very Mobile properties
Persistent, Bio-accumulative and Toxic or Very Persistent, Very Bio-accumulative
properties
Respiratory sensitization category 1
Skin sensitization category 1
Chronic hazard to the aquatic environment categories 1 to 4
Hazardous to the ozone layer
Specific target organ toxicity, repeated exposure categories 1 and 2
Specific target organ toxicity, single exposure categories 1 and 2
Substances of very High Concern

2025 2

2024 3

254
186
1,531
n.a. 4
n.a. 4
n.a. 4

423
176
1,430
n.a. 4
n.a. 4
n.a. 4

n.a. 4
598
21,608
49,426
0
62,326
378

n.a. 4
429
24,664
35,425
0
64,865
360

1,181

1,062

1. Some Substances of Concern are accounted for in multiple hazard classes if relevant. As such, the total does not equal the sum of individual rows.
2 Analysis 2025 based on ATP 21, SvHC list October 2025
3 Analysis 2024 based on ATP 19, SvHC list June 2024
4 As CLP Annex VI doesn’t yet include classified substances for those new hazard classes

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION > WATER AND MARINE RESOURCES

Water and marine resources
Water is crucial for human and community
development, playing a vital role in business
manufacturing processes and supporting raw
material suppliers. Its importance cannot be
overstated: access to clean water, sanitation,
and hygiene is essential for the health of people
and ecosystems, the sustainability of
communities, and the growth of the economy.

where risk mitigation efforts are required. While
the majority of our water withdrawal does not
occur in areas with high water stress (4% of our
total water withdrawal occurs in areas with high
water stress, as illustrated further on in this
section), a proportion of it may be impacted by
water stress or have an impact on water stress.
This can occur in two ways:

Impact, risk, and opportunity management

•

In early 2025, we kicked off our nature
development program as described in the
Biodiversity and ecosystems section. The
outcome of this program helped us to develop
our approach to nature, as detailed in this
section and the next, focusing on tackling key
nature-related challenges across our business.
To ensure that we followed a rigorous process
consistent with ESRS, the assessment of our
nature DIROs was performed in line with the
LEAP approach of the Taskforce for NatureRelated Financial Disclosures (TNFD) and
followed best practices from SBTN. A full
overview of definitions, methodology, and
findings is available in the Biodiversity and
ecosystems section.
The DIROs are managed through our internal
overarching DIRO management approach,
which ensures that the DIROs are digested,
monitored, and have appropriate follow-up at a
minimum yearly frequency. This approach also
ensures integration into our ERM Framework,
allowing the business to highlight where
aspects of the strategy may be at risk and

168

•

Several of our operations processes rely on
water: when such operations occur in
water-scarce areas, this could impact
freshwater availability
Regulations on water withdrawal are
generally becoming stricter, mainly in areas
with water stress: permit levels may
become more restrictive, which can lead to
costly water efficiency upgrades

•

•

•

•

We evaluate and mitigate water-associated
risks. This is supported by the
implementation of water risk screening and
water risk assessments
We continuously improve the water
efficiency of our operations, focusing first
on our sites in water-stressed areas. This is
driven by a company target to improve
water efficiency by 10% between 2023 and
2030 for our sites in water-stressed areas
We evaluate the impact of our projects on
the environment, including water when
material, consider the integral price of water
in business case evaluation, and strive to
maximize water re-use and recycling
We follow WASH principles at our
manufacturing sites

Our policies reflect how important responsible
water use is in our production sites and supply
chain, along with the importance of regularly
assessing our water risks. They also highlight
the importance of ensuring access to clean
water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) in our
operations and in selected high water-risk
communities in our value chain. Our policies do
not currently specifically address water in the
context of product design.

These principles were formalized in 2025 in our
standard for sustainable operations and
environment. Our overall commitment extends
beyond our immediate operations. We regularly
assess the future availability of water in highrisk catchments and evaluate the
environmental and social risks associated with
our water usage. By actively participating in
initiatives and forming partnerships, we aim to
drive significant progress in water stewardship,
ensuring a sustainable future for all.

Our water stewardship approach

Actions and resources

Within our own operations, our approach to
reduce our impact and risk with respect to
water relies on four main pillars:

To deliver on our water target, the same
principles as for our Scope 1 & 2 GHG roadmap
development are applied, including:

•

•

We identify site improvement opportunities
by performing site assessments with water
experts
We deploy sustainable technologies (e.g.,
dashboarding and monitoring)

The resulting roadmap is continuously
improved to ensure that the best solutions are
implemented, considering also the local water
challenges. In 2025, water roadmaps were
developed in several sites, such as Chifeng
(Inner Mongolia, China), Seclin (France), and
Port Newark (New Jersey, USA).
Various types of solutions will be implemented ,
including water efficiency measures such as
leakage reduction, cooling tower optimizations
and reverse osmosis optimization, but also, to a
lesser extent, water recycling options (e.g.,
implementing more closed loop systems,
wastewater effluent recovery).
In 2025, we implemented several projects
around the world, delivering, for example, a
significant improvement of the recovery rate of
our reverse osmosis system in Chifeng (Inner
Mongolia, China), and the improvement of
steam distribution in Port Newark (New Jersey,
USA) reducing steam and consequently water
losses. The resources needed to achieve these
water improvements are factored into our
regular operational improvement program.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Metrics and targets
Our water target
At the end of 2024, a new company target was
established: a 10% improvement in our water
efficiency between 2023 and 2030 for
manufacturing sites located in water-stressed
areas.
This target was defined considering external
developments around water stewardship,
including:
•

•

The importance of reducing water
withdrawal and aligning with, among other
things, the Science-Based Target Network
(SBTN) framework development
The importance of focusing on areas with
the highest water stress, as defined by, for
example, the World Resources Institute
(WRI) and the World Wildlife Fund (WWF)

In 2025, we achieved an 11% water efficiency
improvement compared to 2023 for sites in
water-stressed areas, slightly above our 2030
target. This was due to the realization of water
savings as described above, product
intensification in a few sites, and product mix
changes in one of our ANH facilities. After the
carve-out, we expect water efficiency
improvement to also be positive although
below the target level, confirming the value of
this target to keep driving company water
improvements.

169

Sites with top water withdrawals (1000 m3)

Sites in water-stressed areas (1000 m3)

Sites representing 95% of total dsm-firmenich water withdrawal and in scope for water reduction activities

>

Compensation

Water use

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Water withdrawal, discharge and consumption
2025

2024

Total water withdrawal
- Fresh surface water (OTC)
- Fresh surface water (non-OTC)
- Fresh ground water
- Brackish water/sea water¹
- Third party source
- From processing of raw materials¹
- Material collected rain water¹
.

100,350
77,000
5,500
6,200
300
10,400
250
700

103,600
80,700
5,500
6,200
300
10,000
230
670

Total water discharge
- to environment (OTC)
- to environment (non-OTC)
- to fresh surface water
- to brackish water/sea water¹
- to ground water¹

94,800
77,000
8,500
7,000
1,200
300

98,250
80,700
8,050
6,500
1,190
360

- to offsite treatment (3rd party destinations)

9,300

9,500

Water consumption¹
- in water-stress areas¹

5,400
1,260

5,300
1,380

Water consumption intensity¹²

0.43

0.41

(x 1,000m³)

.

The 2024 figures were restated due to updates at multiple sites.
- 2024 withdrawal: brackish water/sea water: 0, processing of raw materials: 200, rain water: 600
- 2024 discharge: brackish water/sea water: 900, ground water: 200
- 2024 consumption: total: 5,400, consumption in water-stress areas: 1,150
2 Water consumption intensity is reported versus total net revenue, Total net revenue (2025 and 2024) is reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
1

170

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION > BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS

Biodiversity and ecosystems
Nature provides critical ecosystem services
such as water and biodiversity, essential for
producing the ingredients we need today and
tomorrow. Nature is also a permanent source
of innovation, input, and inspiration for our
scientific and creative thinking and plays a
crucial role in tackling climate change.
However, biodiversity, or the variety of all living
things on our planet, has been declining at an
alarming rate in recent years, mainly due to
human influences such as changes in land use,
pollution, and anthropogenic climate change.
Additionally, according to the United Nations
(UN), the planet is facing an unprecedented
water crisis, with global freshwater demand
predicted to exceed supply by 40% by 2030.
Safeguarding nature is critical to the resilience
of our business. We rely on nature for resources
and ecosystem services in our own operations
and our value chains, and conversely, we have
an impact on nature through our own
operations and our upstream and downstream
value chains.
At dsm-firmenich, we help safeguard nature
and biodiversity and conserve our planet’s
resources by tackling key nature-related
challenges across innovation, operations, and
priority supply chains and landscapes —
working in close collaboration with our
suppliers, customers, and partners. We have a
long-standing relationship with the
International Union for the Conservation of
Nature (IUCN), an independent thought leader

171

and advisor. IUCN has supported us in the
development of our nature program. The Union
for Ethical Biotrade (UEBT) has been our
partner since 2013, supporting us in our work to
regenerate nature and secure a better future
for people through the ethical sourcing of
ingredients. We are also a long-standing
member of the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm
Oil (RSPO). To ensure our work on nature is in
line with the evolving landscape of naturerelated roadmaps, frameworks and metrics, we
closely follow the work of the Taskforce of
Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD)
and the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN)
as well as developments on the part of
organizations such as the Nature Positive
Initiative and the It’s Now for Nature campaign
by Business for Nature. In 2025, we were an
active member of the WBCSD Nature Action
Imperative, and we have been an endorser of
the CEO Water Mandate since 2009.

Supporting services: Without these
foundational services, ecosystems could not be
sustained. Examples are photosynthesis, soil
formation and nutrient and water cycling, but
also habitat provision for a range of species.

Regulating services These moderate natural
processes to maintain ecosystem balance,
health, and resilience. Examples are pollination,
erosion and flood control, carbon storage, and
water purification.

Provisioning services: These are tangible
resources or goods obtained from ecosystems.
Examples are food, fresh water, medicines, and
raw materials.

Cultural services: These provide non-material
benefits that enhance quality of life and the
human experience. Examples are recreation,
tourism, cultural identity, and spiritual,
religious, educational, and scientific value.

Strategy
In early 2025, we kicked off a comprehensive
nature development program supported by
external experts to gain a better understanding
of our nature dependencies, impacts, risks, and
opportunities (DIROs) for the nature indicators
of land use and land use change, water
withdrawals, water pollution, soil pollution and
biodiversity.
This program aligned closely with the key
stakeholders from the Business Units,
operations and procurement, It considered the

>

Compensation

wide variety of different raw materials we
source and the locations at which we
manufacture to ensure we consider the local
impact of nature. The outcome of this program
helped us to identify the topics where we can
deliver impact both for raw materials and for
our operations, focusing on tackling key naturerelated challenges across our business.
While nature impact through our own
operations is under our direct sphere of
influence, the products we offer to our
customers and the raw materials we source
provide a unique opportunity to extend our
impact beyond our own operations, tackling
nature-related challenges in our upstream value
chain, resulting in added value for our
customers. Additionally, working at landscape
level would allow us to deliver impact at scale
on both water and biodiversity beyond our
operations and our value chains, ensuring longterm water availability, quality, and ecosystem
health. Our approach to nature is outlined in
the following paragraphs, and in the
accompanying graphic.
•

•

172

Our products: Our product stewardship
ambition extends beyond regulatory
requirements, transforming our ingredient
portfolio to be better compatible with the
natural degradation processes. This is
reinforced by our biodegradability target
Our own operations: We work to improve
the water efficiency of our sites in high
water-stressed areas. For all dsm-firmenich
sites located in areas with a high waterpollution index, we work to improve our
phosphorus and nitrogen efficiency. Both
activities are reinforced by targets

•

•

Our upstream value chain: Our responsible
sourcing process reflects the importance of
nature through supplier qualification and
our due-diligence activities at source, which
is reinforced by our responsibly sourced
target for key natural ingredients
At landscape level: The introduction of a
broader landscape level ambition would
allow us to deliver impact at scale on both
water and biodiversity beyond our
operations and our value chains, ensuring
long-term water availability, quality, and
ecosystem health. We therefore commit to
start collective action projects in priority
landscapes where we operate or source

Impact, risk, and opportunity management
To ensure that we followed a rigorous process
consistent with ESRS, the assessment of our
nature DIROs was performed in line with the
LEAP approach of the Taskforce for NatureRelated Financial Disclosures (TNFD) and
followed best practices from SBTN. The
definitions, methodology and findings are
presented in the accompanying table. The
mapping of our disclosures to the TNFD
recommendations can be found in the
Appendix.
The DIROs are managed through an internal
approach that ensures that DIROs are
monitored, reviewed on at least a yearly
frequency. This approach also ensures
integration into our ERM Framework, allowing
our businesses to highlight where aspects of
the strategy may be at risk and where risk
mitigation efforts are required.

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

DIRO assessment methodology and findings
Assessment area

Dependencies: These measure how our
activities rely on nature through
ecosystem services (see infographic on
ecosystem services).

Impacts: These measure how our current practices potentially contribute to the
degradation of nature.

Nature-related physical risks: These arise when we
have activities which are dependent on ecosystem
services in locations where ecosystems services are
degraded.

Nature-related transition risks: These arise
when current business practices are not aligned
with activities aimed at protecting, restoring,
and/or reducing negative impacts on nature.
Opportunities: These arise when there is
alignment or an advantage.

Methodology

We measured our dependencies on key
ecosystem services by mapping which of
our activities are dependent on which
ecosystem services. We combined this
with our activities (e.g., volume of a raw
material sourced from a certain location)
and the impact on nature through our
activities (e.g., land use, water use).

We measured our impact on nature by evaluating our total pressures on nature, involving
a combination of our activities themselves (e.g., volume of a raw material sourced from a
certain location) and the impact on nature through our activities (e.g., land use, water
use). We then combined this with the state of nature, which is the ecosystem sensitivity
in locations where we operate or source raw materials using geospatial data developed
by third parties. 1

We assessed which of our activities are dependent on
ecosystem services and overlaid this with the current
and future state of ecosystem services for a location.
Ecosystem services were evaluated for provisioning
and regulating and maintenance services. Scenarios
were used over various time horizons up to 2050,
representing differentiated and plausible futures, based
on the IPCC scenarios
•
•
•

SSP1-2.6: Paris Agreement aligned scenario used
for consistency with the other risk assessments
SSP3-6.0: “worst-case” scenario for nature
SSP5-8.5: provides the greatest radiative forcing

We measured qualitatively considering our
activities, locations and narratives on societal
developments across a range of scenarios to a
time-horizon of 2030. The scenarios used were
•

•

SSP1-2.6: Paris-Agreement-aligned scenario,
represents the “best case” for nature and the
“worst case” for nature transition risks
SSP2-4.5 and SSP5-8.5, challenges a range
of differing and plausible futures and are
worse for nature

Findings

Own operations: We have ecosystem
service dependencies on provisioning
services like water supply and regulating
services such as water purification.
Upstream value chain: Agricultural and
forestry-derived raw materials drive
dependencies on provisioning services like
water supply as well as regulating services,
such as water purification, the nutrient
cycle as well as flood mitigation, erosion
control and pollination.

173

Own operations: Accounts for 5% of total nature pressure, mostly indirectly (upstream
energy and downstream waste). We confirmed that our current water efficiency and
pollution targets sufficiently address material pressures. As our footprint is typically in
industrialized areas, the greatest biodiversity opportunities lie in collective initiatives
beyond our sites. Projects featuring diverse habitats or species, strong local or employee
engagement, NGO or community partnerships with regular monitoring are more likely to
deliver lasting biodiversity benefits.
Upstream value chain: Raw material sourcing drives the remaining 95% of impacts, with
key pressures including water withdrawal, water and soil pollution, and biodiversity loss.
Priority categories include botanicals, terpenes and resins, corn and derivatives, and
citrus. Land use change, specifically deforestation is a key focus (for palm oil and clove)
and offers opportunities for both climate and nature outcomes. Further opportunities
arise from regenerative agriculture for crops where we have high dependency and
influence, and from broader landscape level collective action beyond our value chains.

Own operations: Sites were assessed for water use,
water scarcity, water pollution, freshwater ecotoxicity,
and biodiversity. This confirmed that water-related
risks are the most relevant.
Upstream value chain: We found that our raw material
categories botanicals, corn and its derivatives, and
terpenes and resins are the most exposed for nature
related physical risks. The assessment showed that at a
country level, the future decrease in natural flood
mitigation and water purification services under SSP36.0 and SSP5-8.5 scenarios will lead to the highest
physical risk exposure by 2050. Its conclusions help
inform our procurement strategy to ensure future
resilience.

Several potential transition risks were identified
for the upstream value chain and our own
operations by 2030. These transition risks
spanned the categories of policy and legal,
market, reputational, and technological risks.
An example of such transition risks is stricter
regulations on water use. At the same time,
multiple potential transition opportunities were
identified, related to sustainable growth through
traceability, regenerative practices, and
innovations.

Compensation

We are working to reach compliance with the
EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR), despite the
postponement of its entry into force. In 2025,
our EUDR project team worked at establishing
the systematic due diligence operations
triggered for each EUDR-relevant purchase or
sales order. Besides this, we worked closely
with our suppliers to develop an aligned
understanding of the requirements outlined by
the EUDR. This also involved engaging with our
customers as to the impact of the EUDR on our
Responsible Sourcing Standard and commercial
portfolio.
Metrics and targets
Through an improved understanding of our
nature DIROs, we have developed an approach
to take us forward between now and 2030. Our
approach to nature addresses nature
throughout our business in our products, our
own operations, our upstream value chain, and
at landscape level, through a combination of
(strengthening) existing targets in place and
introducing specific new ambitions (e.g., at
landscape level).
Our products
We have a target in our sustainability program
to achieve 90% ultimate biodegradability for
products in washable applications by 2030,
based on recognized test methods (OECD
301/302/310 or equivalents). This product
innovation and stewardship target guides the
transformation of our portfolio toward
chemistries that are more compatible with
natural degradation processes, helping to
reduce the potential accumulation of
substances in nature.

174

In 2025 we achieved 85% ultimate
biodegradability for products in the target
scope. This is the result of continuous efforts in
research and innovation to improve the
biodegradability of our product portfolio
introduced under the GreenGate program 15
years ago. Our plan to achieve this target is
structured around four levers:
•

•

•
•

High-performance alternative ingredients
(for optimized dosage in formula to deliver
equivalent or better results)
Regulatory and compliance-driven
reformulation (with consideration of better
biodegradability)
Discovery of new biodegradable or lowpersistence chemistries
Strengthened testing capacity and
robustness through AI-enabled predictive
models and stewardship infrastructure

Our own operations
Within our own operations, our current targets
on water withdrawal and water pollution
address our material nature impact. Our target
on water efficiency is a 10% improvement for
manufacturing sites located in water-stressed
areas, between 2023 and 2030. For
phosphorous (P) and nitrogen (N) emissions, a
company ambition was set to improve P+N
efficiency by 20% between 2023 and 2030.
More information on these targets is available in
the Water and marine resources section as well
as in the voluntary disclosures in the Appendix.
Our upstream value chains
To address the nature impact of our raw
materials sourcing, we will build on our existing
key natural ingredients responsibly sourced

<

Sustainability Statements

target as part of our sustainability program, by
further embedding the outcomes of our nature
materiality assessment, specifically with
regards to the scope of the key natural value
chains and integration of relevant outcomes
into the existing due diligence framework. In
addition, we will continue to make progress on
relevant nature verification and certification
requirements through the certification
roadmap of our key natural ingredients. An
example of an ingredient which is
independently verified for biodiversity is
patchouli from Indonesia, see our website for
more information.
To address our impact on land-use change, we
are working on a commitment for deforestation
and conversion-free palm oil and derivatives.
At landscape level
To capture the opportunity that was identified
for broader collective action in landscapes, we
will start collective action projects in priority
landscapes where we operate or source.
Biodiversity projects at and around our sites
In 2025, we had 16 active site-level biodiversity
restoration projects on or around our
manufacturing sites worldwide. On-site
projects take place inside our operational
fence, while restoration activities around our
sites go beyond our facilities and operate
within a radius of 50 km. The biodiversity
projects are managed locally by each site with
the participation of local employees and in
partnership with external organizations.
Examples of restoration activities are
pollinator- and tree-planting, water retention
pond installation, river band and riparian

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

corridor restoration. See below for further
information on our projects in South Africa and
Turkey.
Regeneration of the historically native
landscape at the Midrand site in South Africa
Our Midrand site partnered with Marc Sherratt
Sustainability Architects (MSSA) to reintroduce
native vegetation species into the 1,516 m2 of
unused land at the facility, which also includes
a ten-year biodiversity monitoring scheme.
2025 is the third year of monitoring. The plants
in the restored area were inspected in the
summer, when the floristic mix closely matches
native vegetation composition. On-site bird
diversity is also recorded by a real-time
monitoring device.
Regional biodiversity research of Şile district,
Turkey
MG International Fragrance Company
partnered with the “KuzeyDoğa Society” and
three universities to carry out a scientific,
participatory, and long-term project aimed at
preserving the rich ecosystem of the Şile
District, close to our Gebze site. The project
was designed to comprehensively document
the biodiversity across 250 km² of area close to
our facility, with a special focus on threatened
plant species, birds, bats, and wild mammals.
In October 2025, MG International Fragrance
Company received the first-ever Biodiversity
Award at the Sustainable Business Awards in
Turkey, recognizing its voluntary nature
conservation project in Şile as one of the most
responsible and impactful environmental
projects.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

Joint nature efforts with Livelihoods Funds
We are a long-standing partner of Livelihoods
Funds. The Livelihoods Funds are impact
investment funds designed to support the
efforts of agricultural and rural communities to
live in sustainable ecosystems which serve as
the foundation for their food security and
provide the necessary resources for their
livelihoods.
We invest in The Livelihoods Carbon Funds
(LCF). These funds leverage the voluntary
carbon market to finance mangrove restoration,
agroforestry, regenerative agriculture and rural
energy projects with tangible social,
environmental, and economic added value for
rural communities.
Example projects are agroforestry projects
running in India, Guatemala, Mexico, Kenya and
Rwanda to rehabilitate forests with incomegenerating initiatives for local communities,
such as intercropping, buffer zone
management, and soil health enhancement.
Other projects in the funds include mangrove
restoration across the coastlines of Indonesia,
India and Senegal, moving forward with
verifications while reinforcing community
engagement. In 2025, we invested 2.6% and
3.0% of total funding in LCF1 and LCF2,
respectively, supporting the planting of a total
of 20,708 hectares of mangroves and the
rehabilitation of 57,092 hectares of land under
sustainable practices, along with planting 158.21
million trees, resulting in a CO₂ reduction of 5.2
million metric tons.

175

Site-level biodiversity restoration activities map
Tree planting for both People and Planet
In 2025, we donated a total of 10,465 trees for
hours of voluntary learning by our employees
(one tree per ten hours of learning), as well as
for celebrating the birthdays of our employees
at our biomedical manufacturing sites. These
trees were planted by Tree-nation in areas
ranging across the mangrove restoration coast
of Kenya, lost forest recovery in California,
boreal forest habitat in Canada,

degraded forest of under-resourced
communities in Mexico, mangroves and upland
forests in Madagascar, and the Amazon Basin in
Brazil. Along with tree-planting, 10 hectares of
land was reforested, with 360 tonnes of CO2
sequestered by the restored vegetation.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION > EU TAXONOMY

EU taxonomy
Regulation

The EU Taxonomy Regulation (EU 2020/852)
entered into force on July 12, 2020, establishing
criteria for environmentally sustainable
economic activities related to six
environmental objectives:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Climate change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change adaptation (CCA)
Sustainable use and protection of water and
marine resources (WTR)
Transition to a circular economy (CE)
Pollution prevention and control (PPC)
Protection and restoration of biodiversity
and ecosystems (BIO)

The first delegated act concerning the
technical screening criteria for economic
activities with substantial contribution to
climate change mitigation and adaptation (the
Climate Delegated Act) was formally adopted
on June 4, 2021. A delegated act specifying the
content and presentation of information to be
disclosed by companies in scope of the EU
Taxonomy was formally adopted on July 6,
2021. A delegated act amending the Climate
Delegated Act (covering the environmental
objectives of climate change mitigation and
adaptation) and an Environmental Delegated
Act addressing the remaining four
environmental objectives were published in
2023.
As part of the Omnibus package, the Delegated
Regulation 2026/73 entered into force on

176

January 28, 2026. It includes amendments
simplifying the content and presentation of
information to be disclosed concerning
environmentally sustainable activities and
simplifying certain technical screening criteria
for determining whether economic activities
cause no significant harm to environmental
objectives. These amendments have been
applied for the financial year 2025.

the income statement in the Consolidated
Financial Statements. dsm-firmenich identified
the Pharma business as a non-material
economic activity given the limited
contribution to dsm-firmenich as a whole. No
material taxonomy-eligible economic activities
were identified.

Disclosures

Total CapEx is determined based on the 2025
additions to, and acquisitions of, property, plant
and equipment, intangible assets, and
additions to right-of-use assets. More
specifically, it includes the following items that
can also be found in the Consolidated Financial
Statements:

Under the Taxonomy regulation, dsm-firmenich
is required to report on how much Turnover,
Capital Expenditure (‘CapEx’) and Operating
Expenses (‘OpEx’) are in scope of the
Taxonomy Regulation (i.e., ‘Taxonomy-eligible
activities’), and how much are aligned with the
Taxonomy regulation (i.e., ‘Taxonomy-aligned
activities’).
In accordance with the Omnibus Delegated
Regulation, a materiality threshold is introduced
for the assessment of economic activities.
Economic activities that cumulatively account
for less than 10% of turnover, CapEx or OpEx are
not assessed for taxonomy eligibility or
alignment. dsm-firmenich identified certain
economic activities as non-material, these are
reported separately in the summary table.
Turnover
Total turnover, as defined by the Taxonomy
regulation, corresponds to the net sales from
continuing operations as reported as part of

Capital Expenditure

•

•

•

Changes in the carrying amount of
intangible assets (excluding goodwill) from
‘Capital expenditure’ and ‘Acquisitions’ (see
Note 8 Goodwill and intangible assets to the
Consolidated Financial Statements)
Changes in the carrying amount of items of
property, plant & equipment from ‘Capital
expenditure’ and ‘Acquisitions’ (see Note 9
Property, plant and equipment to the
Consolidated Financial Statements)
Changes in the carrying amount of right-ofuse assets from ‘New leases / terminations’
(see Note 9 Property, plant and equipment
to the Consolidated Financial Statements)

In 2025, dsm-firmenich made no acquisitions.
Taxonomy-eligible CapEx includes
expenditures related to the purchase of output

from Taxonomy-aligned economic activities
and individual measures enabling the target
activities to become low-carbon or to lead to
greenhouse gas reductions, primarily relating to
our office buildings. This was considered not
material. In addition, no CapEx was identified
for the Pharma business. As a result of the
assessment, dsm-firmenich did not identify
material taxonomy-eligible activities.
Operational Expenditure
Total OpEx, as defined by the Taxonomy
regulation, includes direct non-capitalized
costs that relate to research and development,
building renovation measures, short-term lease,
maintenance and repair, and any other direct
expenditures relating to the day-to-day
servicing of assets. Applying this definition to
dsm-firmenich, total OpEx consists of
maintenance (including building renovations)
and direct R&D costs, excluding costs and
income related to bad debts, government
grants, depreciation and amortization, and own
work capitalized. Taking into consideration the
assessment of the limited contribution of the
Pharma business to the turnover KPI, the OpEx
related to this business within dsm-firmenich is
considered immaterial. As a result of the
assessment, dsm-firmenich did not identify
material taxonomy-eligible activities.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Summary table 2025
Breakdown by environmental objectives of taxonomy-aligned activities

Biodiversity

Proportion
of enabling
activities

Proportion of
transitional
activities

Not assessed
activities
considered
non-material

Taxonomy
aligned
activities
in 2024

Proportion of
taxonomyaligned
activities in
2024

%

%

%

%

%

€ million

%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

3.9%

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

9.8%

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

-

0

0%

Total

Proportion of
taxonomyeligible
activities

Taxonomy
-aligned
activities

Proportion of
taxonomyaligned
activities

Climate
change
mitigation

Climate
change
adaptation

Water

Circular
economy

Pollution

€ million

%

€ million

%

%

%

%

%

Turnover

9,034

0%

0

0%

0%

0%

0%

CapEx

957

0%

0

0%

0%

0%

OpEx

525

0%

0

0%

0%

0%

KPI

177

Compensation

Social
information

178

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > SOCIAL INFORMATION > OWN WORKFORCE

Own workforce

Our people are at the heart of how we bring
progress to life. As a company formed
through the merger of DSM and Firmenich in
2023, we continue to build a unified culture
grounded in shared values, a strong sense of
purpose, and a commitment to creating a
safe, inclusive, and inspiring workplace for
everyone.
This section provides an overview of how we
manage the impacts, risks, and opportunities
related to our own workforce. It covers inclusion
and belonging, engagement, leadership
development, well-being, fair compensation,
human rights, and safety. It complements Our
People and Values section detailing the
concrete actions, programs, and governance
structures that support our employees across
regions and roles. Together, these efforts
strengthen our culture, empower our teams,
and help ensure sustainable performance for
the long term.
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
Actions and resources
Since our merger in 2023, we have achieved
significant milestones, establishing a distinct
value proposition for employees, with shared
values and an effective organizational model.
Inclusion and belonging
Our commitment to inclusion and belonging is
central to our people ambition and to our

179

purpose of bringing progress to life. We strive
to create a workplace where every individual
feels empowered, valued, and connected.
Sustaining this level of inclusion remains a key
priority as we continue to strengthen our
culture and workforce experience.
As a global organization, we know that varied
perspectives and experiences are essential for
resilience and success. We see differences in
thinking, backgrounds, and skills as a source of
strength. Inclusive practices help teams make
better decisions, spark creativity, and reflect
the communities we serve. Equal opportunity is
fundamental: we base employment decisions
on skills and experience, ensuring that everyone
is respected, empowered, and equipped to
thrive. Beyond leadership representation, we
implemented inclusive recruitment processes
and accelerated talent development for
underrepresented groups during 2025. Our Rise
Together program supported women leaders
through a six-month leadership journey, while
succession planning and pay equity remained
core priorities. We also launched mandatory
training to foster respectful and inclusive
workplaces, making sure that every employee
appreciates their role in shaping our culture.
This training ensures we all understand how to
create an inclusive environment free from
harassment, discrimination, and bullying.
Our Employee Resource Groups continued to
grow as engines of connection and belonging,
hosting more than sixty global events. During
Pride Month, we introduced a Global Allyship

program to equip employees with tools and
confidence to advocate for inclusion. External
partnerships reinforce our commitment to
building an inclusive workplace. These include
LEAD Network, focused on gender equality and
strengthening mentoring opportunities and
visibility for talent across industries; Purple
Space, supporting people with diverse abilities;
and Workplace Pride, advancing inclusion for
our LGBTIQ+ community.
We believe that when people feel seen, heard,
and valued, they perform at their best,
collaborate more effectively, and innovate
faster. Inclusion and belonging unlock
innovation, deepen engagement, and ensure
that our culture reflects the breadth of
perspectives in the world we serve. This belief
is a cornerstone of our sustainability approach
and a driver of long-term value creation for our
people, our customers, and our stakeholders.
Employee engagement
We prioritize our people and continuously
engage with them through our listening
strategy. Our annual Employee Engagement
Survey is the cornerstone of this approach,
providing insights into topics such as Work
Engagement, Inclusion, and Leadership. In 2025,
we conducted an Employee Engagement
Survey during the month of September.
In 2025, participation reached 90%,
demonstrating the strong commitment of our
people to share their voices. Not only has

participation increased significantly, but so has
the number of people leaving their feedback
and suggestions, making their voices heard with
the purpose of further strengthening our
company culture.
The results were shared across all layers of the
company, from the global level to the team
level, and led to follow-up actions. The results in
2025 show relevant progress due to the efforts
across the organization, due to transparent
discussions on the feedback from last year’s
survey, as part of the journey to focus on
embedding our values and behaviors into our
culture. Additionally, we continued to prioritize
well-being based on the feedback and took
actions at a global and local level as described
under Vitality and well-being. See more
information in Metrics and Targets, Inclusion
and Belonging.
In addition to our annual Employee Engagement
Survey, we actively listen at key milestones that
matter. These touchpoints allow us to capture
feedback when it is most relevant and take
timely action to improve employee experience,
engagement, and retention, for example:
•
•

•

During recruitment: We listen to new hires
and our hiring managers
During onboarding: We listen to people who
have been in their new job for between 30
and 180 days
On work anniversaries: We ask people to
reflect on the year and to look ahead

Compensation

•

When people decide to leave: We inquire
about their reasons for leaving

Looking ahead, our ambition is to transform
feedback into actions that drive measurable
impact and sustained performance.
We aim to turn insights into progress, building
deeper trust, creating more opportunities for
growth, and fostering a culture in which
transparency and collaboration empower every
individual to excel. By connecting feedback to
tangible outcomes, we will strengthen
accountability, accelerate development, and
ensure that every contribution moves us closer
to our shared goals.
Leadership development
Building on the foundation established in 2024,
we continued to strengthen leadership
capabilities across the organization through our
expanded development programs.
Leading Progress and Leading Progress in
operations
Following the launch of this program in June
2024, an additional 660 people managers were
nominated in 2025, bringing to 26% the total
proportion of our people manager population
trained during 2024 and 2025. The program
now has a strong regional presence and is
delivered in five languages, ensuring inclusivity
and accessibility.
Leading Leaders
In 2025, 151 Directors and Senior Directors were
nominated to participate in Leading Leaders,
reinforcing our commitment to developing

180

leaders who can inspire, deliver, and build for
the future.
Alumni initiatives
Each leadership program includes its own
alumni initiative, designed to sustain growth
and connection well beyond the formal
experience. Both programs offer various
options to continue the learning journey: leader
forums, Viva Engage space with curated
materials, LearnNow pathway tailored to each
leadership level, and workshops. The continuing
program also encourages cohorts to selforganize quarterly meetups to share insights
and tackle challenges together. The benefits for
participants are significant: deepening their
learning, strengthening peer connections, and
applying program concepts to real business
cases, fostering growth in multiple dimensions
and creating lasting impact.
During 2025, we also introduced online
coaching for 142 leaders, providing personalized
support to accelerate growth and strengthen
their leadership impact. All these initiatives
continue to align with our values and behaviors,
empowering leaders to build high-performing
teams, foster innovation, and lead authentically
in a unified dsm-firmenich culture.
Reward and recognize
In 2025, we made significant progress in
activating our unified global rewards framework,
building on the foundations laid during 2024
and delivering on our goal to create a
transparent, equitable, and performance-driven
approach to rewarding and recognizing our
employees worldwide.

<

Sustainability Statements

Early 2025 saw a milestone with the successful
rollout of our global job-grading system across
all regions. This grading structure anchors our
reward programs, ensuring fairness and clarity
in how we recognize value of work and
contributions.
Another highlight in 2025 was the launch of our
integrated Annual Pay Review (APR) cycle,
which covers over 52 countries, impacting
close to 22,000 employees. People managers
received training on our rewards approach so
that they could make pay decisions for their
teams consistently worldwide, ensuring that
pay reflects each employee's contribution and
impact.
Our recognition programs launched in 2024
continued to foster engagement and
collaboration across the Group during 2025.
Over 14,000 Kudos Awards, a peer-to-peer
recognition award, were granted across
Business Units and teams to inspire individuals
to go beyond. 39 individuals or teams received
Progress Awards, which are given year-round as
cash spot awards for extraordinary
achievements or impact in their respective
areas.
We advanced the harmonization of benefits
across countries, balancing global consistency
in our benefits principles with the flexibility to
recognize local market norms. This initiative will
continue through 2026 as we work to provide a
harmonized, competitive, and inclusive global
benefits program.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

continuous cycle. It empowers employees to
take ownership of their development and
personal growth, encouraging them to set
objectives collaboratively with their managers,
give and receive feedback, and engage in
career conversations that align personal
ambitions with organizational goals.
At the start of 2025, employees actively
embraced the People Progress Approach
introduced in 2024, setting a total of over
87,600 performance objectives. Throughout
each year, ongoing dialogues between
managers and employees foster alignment,
enabling re-prioritization of objectives when
needed. Mid-year checkpoints provide a
critical opportunity to deepen feedback
exchanges and focus on development, while
talent reviews identify successors as well as
pathways for the development of key talents.
At year-end, employees reflect on their impact
and growth, engaging in conversations about
objectives achieved, values demonstrated
through both behaviors and outcomes, and
next career steps. People managers also assess
their leadership impact in line with our People
Manager Fundamentals, ensuring they support
growth while modelling organizational values.
In 2025, 88.5% of our employees participated in
annual reviews via our global process. Overall,
the People Progress Approach reflects our
commitment to empowering employees,
fostering open dialogue, and cultivating a
culture of growth and sustainable impact.

People development

Training and skills

Our People Progress Approach is a holistic
framework that links performance, talent
management, and career development in one

In 2025, we continued to strengthen our bestin-class learning experience solution, LearnNow,
a social platform that brings learning closer to

Compensation

every employee. Designed to inspire curiosity
and collaboration, LearnNow offers access to
more than 45,000 virtual courses, 16,000
business books, more than 40 academies for
our Business Units and Business Partners, and
company leadership programs, creating
opportunities for growth across all roles and
regions.

processes, and unlock new ways to make datadriven decisions.

New features such as AI-powered practice
chats for challenging conversations, curated
book and podcast recommendations, and
guided leadership paths make learning more
relevant and engaging than ever. In addition, we
launched a mobile version of LearnNow, making
learning accessible anytime, anywhere.

•

Employees can find on LearnNow all resources
available to support their growth at dsmfirmenich, including:
•

•

Mentoring program: Connected 394
mentees and 298 mentors across functions
and regions to share expertise and
accelerate development
Multi-rater (360º) feedback tool: Adopted
by more than 1,000 employees and over
300 people managers, enabling diverse
perspectives on strengths and areas for
improvement.

Developing our technical skills through our
Superhuman initiative
AI is transforming industries at an
unprecedented pace, and at dsm-firmenich, we
see it as a catalyst for human potential. The
SuperHuman initiative is about empowering
every employee with cutting-edge tools and
knowledge. By integrating AI into our daily work,
we simplify complex tasks, automate routine

181

The overall benefits of this initiative are:
•

•

Universal access: A suite of Generative AI
solutions is available to all employees,
democratizing advanced capabilities across
the organization
Skill-building: Regular expert-led sessions
provide practical tips and guidance,
ensuring everyone can confidently leverage
AI in their roles
Collaboration and innovation: We encourage
teams to identify opportunities where AI
can accelerate progress across the value
chain, because the future of work is
something we shape together

By embracing AI responsibly and inclusively, we
are building a workforce that is future-ready.
The SuperHuman initiative reflects our
commitment to integrity, innovation, and the
belief that technology should empower people,
not overshadow them. For more information,
see Data governance and AI.
Equitable living standards
We care for our employees and their families by
providing them a decent standard of living
through payment of a living wage. The living
wage is the remuneration received for a
standard working week (the relevant legal
regular working hours or a maximum of 48
hours per week) by a worker in a particular
place sufficient to afford a decent standard of
living for the worker and their family. This
includes proper access to health, food and
nutrition, housing, and education. Every two
years, we assess our living wage commitment
using the benchmark data of WageIndicator.

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

In conjunction with our ongoing advocacy
efforts with UNGC, WBCSD, IDH, ILO and more,
living wage was, for the first time, highlighted as
a priority topic by governments worldwide. This
happened as part of the Doha Political
Declaration that was adopted in November
2025 by the UN Second World Summit for
Social Development in Qatar, reaffirming global
commitments to eradicate poverty, promote
full and productive employment, enable decent
work for all, foster social inclusion, and now
explicitly prioritize the living wage.
See our actions on advancing fair
compensation beyond our workforce in
Workers in the value chain.

approach, see Engaging with our suppliers and
Workers in the value chain.

Human rights

•

Each year, we publish our annual Human Rights
report. In the 2025 edition of this report, we
highlight how we conduct due diligence, share
reported cases of human rights infringements,
and highlight an existing supply chain
remediation case, to demonstrate how we
apply our commitment to respect the highest
human rights standards. The Human Rights
report will be published later in 2026.
Key initiatives that took place in 2025 included
the following:

Across our activities and those of our supply
chain, we are committed to the highest
international standards in human rights. This
commitment is documented in our Human
Rights policy and underpinned by our Code of
Business Ethics. We also have position papers
on modern slavery and conflict minerals.
We believe the subject of human rights is one
that should be embedded across all our
business practices and processes. Once
captured on paper, this needs our continued
attention, as the impact only comes when it
becomes embedded in our culture and
behaviors. Everyone must understand how, and
why, human rights matter in their day-to-day
jobs. The topic of human rights is also a key
focus area when working with suppliers. Via our
Supplier Code and our Responsible Sourcing
standard, we extend our human rights policies
to suppliers and partners by requiring them to
adhere to similar ethical practices. For more
information on our responsible sourcing
practices and our supply chain due diligence

>

•

•

We conducted a global risk assessment to
identify Human Rights focus areas in our
own operations and across our supply
chain, in line with the UNGP and OECD
guidelines. As a result, we identified the
following potential human rights risks in our
own operations: working conditions,
discrimination, freedom of association and
collective bargaining, and environmental
degradation impacting human rights. In our
supply chain, we identified two additional
risks: child labor and forced labor. More
details per focus area will be shared in our
annual Human Rights report.
We started a new collaboration with our
longstanding partner UNICEF to address
social inequalities linked to our value chains
At the request of a customer, we were
assessed regarding our own operations and
the sourcing of one specific commodity,
pink pepper, along with our service
providers, using the Fair Labor Association
(FLA) Verified Converged Human Rights and
Environmental Due Diligence (HREDD) SelfAssessment Tool. We achieved an overall
maturity rating of Intermediate and a

Compensation

•

percentage score of 98%. With a score of
100%, a rating of ‘advanced’ is given.
We joined the Community of Practice of the
Dutch Social and Economic Council
(SociaalEeconomische Raad, SER) to
continue improving our own skills in
conducting meaningful stakeholder dialogue
and engage with other companies based in
the Netherlands to exchange learnings on
this topic

Our human rights performance is assessed
externally by Sedex Members Ethical Trade
Audit (SMETA) audits. This is an audit
methodology serviced on the Sedex platform. It
encompasses all aspects of responsible
business practice.
To hold ourselves accountable for our
performance on human rights, we set ourselves
the ambition for the human rights pillar in our
SMETA audits to achieve zero open critical nonconformity cases by the end of 2025. Our
progress will be communicated in our Human
Rights report.
To identify knowledge gaps on human rights, we
held consultations across the company. Our
next step is to create role-specific content and
training materials to deepen employee
awareness and engagement on this topic.
Safety and health
Safety, health, and well-being are the
foundation of our company. Our ambition is for
everyone to return home safe and healthy,
every day.
As part of our SHE journey, we are
strengthening our safety culture and framework
through SHE leadership development, the

182

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

behavior-based program SafeStart©, and the
continued roll-out of our Life Saving Rules. By
aligning our programs, setting clear goals, and
monitoring progress with robust leading KPIs,
we empower everyone to take ownership and
ensure a safe, healthy workplace for all.
Security
We also foster a strong security culture. We
recognize that organizational resilience is built
not only on systems and processes but also on
the daily actions of our people. In 2025, we
launched a global initiative defining six key
security behaviors that empower employees to
act as our ‘human firewall.’ These behaviors
promote awareness, accountability, and
proactive engagement in safeguarding our
people, assets, and information. By embedding
these principles across all our operations, we
continue to strengthen our collective security
posture and sustain a culture of shared
responsibility.
Safety of our employees and contractors
In 2025, we continued the roll-out of Life Saving
Rules across all sites, supported by targeted
capability development initiatives. In addition
to this, the deployment of the company SHE
requirements provided a robust foundation for
our SHE management framework, ensuring
consistent standards and clear leadership
responsibilities. Leadership played a central
role by driving alignment, ensuring consistent
communication of safety priorities, and
fostering a culture of ownership and proactive
engagement. These efforts collectively
strengthened our management system and
advanced our company-wide safety objectives.

Our key security behaviors
Process safety
Process safety refers to the safe operational
design of our facilities. In 2025, we introduced
the Process Lifecycle Leadership standard and
guidelines to unify practices across dsmfirmenich. Business Units launched targeted
process safety programs to address key risks
related to behavior and asset management,
with support from company-wide initiatives.
We further integrated process safety data into
our digital risk assessment platform for
continuous monitoring. Focused training
improved competencies in managing selfheating materials, powders, and liquid blending.
Business Unit program progress is actively
monitored to ensure ongoing improvement and
shared responsibility for process safety.
Health at Work
Health at Work in our company is built on two
complementary dimensions: Industrial Hygiene
and Occupational Health (IH-OH) and Vitality.

On the one hand, IH-OH focuses on managing
workplace health risks such as chemical
exposure, noise, and ergonomics. Industrial
Hygiene aims to control these exposures at the
source, while Occupational Health
complements this by overseeing health
surveillance. The primary goal is to prevent
occupational diseases and ensure a safe
workplace.
Vitality, by contrast, promotes overall wellbeing through programs that encourage healthy
lifestyles, resilience, and psychological support,
helping employees thrive beyond mere risk
prevention.
Industrial Hygiene and Occupational Health
In 2025, we continued to strengthen this
integrated approach across all our operations.
A regional industrial hygiene organization was
established to provide expert guidance on risk
assessment and control, ensuring consistent,
high-quality practices at our manufacturing
sites worldwide. Consequently, we onboarded
experienced industrial hygiene experts to

Compensation

further enhance our capabilities and drive
continuous improvement across all regions.
Our integrated hazard and risk assessment
digital platform, introduced in previous years,
remained central to this strategy. This custombuilt, cloud-based software ensures uniform
evaluation and control of risks across all
facilities. The platform covers key occupational
hazards historically linked to workplace
illnesses: chemicals, noise, ergonomics, and
repetitive strain injuries. To further advance our
approach, we have established a multiyear
program aimed at extending implementation to
all our sites worldwide.
We launched a comprehensive suite of internal
training and qualification programs, designed to
support managers, technical staff, and
laboratory experts at every level of
responsibility. Multiple training modules are
available, each tailored in complexity to match
participants’ specific health-related roles.
While substantial progress has been made, full
coverage is still underway, reflecting our
commitment to continuously advancing health
expertise throughout the organization.

toxicity of the chemicals we use. This ongoing
partnership enables us to set mandatory
internal occupational exposure limits that
exceed legal requirements and help us
determine safe exposure levels for laboratory
chemicals and panelist tasks.
At the same time, we introduced a new
company standard for respiratory protective
equipment. While respirators are not our
primary means of controlling exposures to
chemicals, this standard ensures correct
selection, maintenance, and use whenever
needed, adding an extra layer of protection.
Our ergonomic program maintained the
deployment of wearable devices at designated
locations. These devices monitor employees'
movements and deliver immediate feedback,
promoting safer lifting practices and minimizing
ergonomic risks. We have also piloted the use
of artificial intelligence for ergonomic
assessments at certain locations and will
continue to implement this technology at
selected sites.

The implementation of our Life Saving Rule, Safe
Working with Chemicals, continued across the
organization in 2025. This important standard
encompasses several key elements: it requires
thorough risk assessment of chemical
exposures, mandates the implementation of
effective controls, ensures clear hazard
communication, and establishes management
processes to verify that these controls remain
effective over time.
As part of our management of chemical risks,
we continued to strengthen our collaboration
with internal toxicologists to gather data on the

Together, these efforts reinforce a proactive
health culture that integrates risk management,
medical oversight, and holistic well-being,

183

Sustainability Statements

supporting our employees and sustaining high
operational performance.
Vitality and well-being
2025 was a year of consistent action and
connection. We launched exciting new vitality
lifestyle challenges that brought thousands of
colleagues together worldwide, and
strengthened our Mental Fitness Champions
community with fresh tools and programs.
We partner across the company to amplify
well-being initiatives globally and continue to
build a culture of health, making dsm-firmenich
a workplace with a positive impact on health,
and vitality.
Collaboration across Business Units:
•

•
•

This innovative approach enables a more
detailed evaluation of our tasks, further
supporting the effectiveness of our ergonomic
initiatives. In addition, we successfully
completed a campaign in some of our
production sites that focused on implementing
minimum controls to enhance manual handling.
As part of this initiative, we introduced
solutions such as lifting tables and hoists, which
contribute to reducing the physical strain
associated with manual lifting and help create a
safer work environment.

<

TTH hosted webinars on hydration and
sports nutrition (co-developed with Team
Picnic PostNL)
HNC organized a global webinar on gut
health and its link to vitality
P&B created content supporting its mission
of improving well-being

Boost Your Vitality
We celebrated more than 7,000 sign-ups for
our Boost Your Vitality program, empowering
colleagues to make healthier choices every day.
Our Global Team Step challenge brought
together nearly 2,000 participants across 43
countries, while the Tour de dsm-firmenich
Cycling challenge inspired over 200 riders in 32
countries.
We expanded our webshop with sports
nutrition supplements co-developed by dsmfirmenich scientists and Team Picnic PostNL,

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

and introduced innovative products such as
Quali-C, Vegan Omega-3, and ampli®-D to our
three regional flagship restaurants in
Maastricht, Geneva, and Kaiseraugst. To keep
our global community informed and inspired,
we continued delivering Global Vitality Office
and Boost Your Vitality newsletters packed with
practical tips, updates, and insights.
Mental Health
Over 580 Mental Fitness Champions have been
certified worldwide. The Mental Fitness in
Practice program was introduced as a
preventive initiative, equipping these
Champions with practical tools and the
confidence needed to support colleagues at an
early stage where needed. In addition, webinars
were delivered on key topics such as burnout
prevention and overcoming mental health
barriers.
Visibility and accessibility of support were
further enhanced through the launch of the
Mental Fitness Champions Directory on the
Vitality Boost app. Furthermore, a mental wellbeing check-in was introduced, enabling
employees to assess their mental fitness
proactively and to access tailored resources
and support in a timely manner. Our Mental
Well-being Walk and Talk Challenge brought
together 595 participants across 40 countries.

Compensation

Metrics and targets
We have set targets across multiple areas to
address the relevant impacts, risks, and
opportunities for our workforce:
•
•

•

•
•

Safety: Our long-term Total Recordable
Incident Rate, TRIR, target level is 0.20
Diversity in the Global Management Team
(GMT): Reach 36% female or non-binary and
41% non-western European background
colleagues through self-identification.
Employee engagement and inclusion:
Measure engagement scores of employees
self-identifying as minorities; focus on
creating a workplace where everyone feels
valued and heard; annually measure our
overall engagement score; drive focused
action planning across our Business Units
and Business Partners, report target levels
for employee engagement and inclusion.
Living wage: We commit to pay a living wage
to all our employees in our own operations
Gender pay equity: We commit to deliver
gender pay equity across the different
levels of our workforce.

In 2025, our TRIR [RA] was 0.26. This is a slight
decline versus the 2024 performance of 0.24,
but on track toward our target level. Much of
this decline resulted from a weaker first half of
the year.
In 2025, participation in the Employee
Engagement survey (EES) reached 90%,
Employee engagement [RA] resulted in 80% and
inclusion in 71%. GMT
Diversity in the GMT[RA] was measured at the
end of 2025, achieving 35% leaders who
identified as women & non-binary and 48%

184

<

Frequency index Total Recordable Incident Rate [RA]
Gender diversity in the GMT[RA]
Non-western European diversity in the GMT[RA]
Employee engagement [RA]
Inclusion
Employees paid below benchmark2
Unadjusted gender pay gap3
Adjusted gender pay gap
1 Gender and non-western EU diversity were not measured in 2024.
2 Benchmark for 2025 is adequate wage and for 2024 living wage.
3 The 2024 gender pay gap (2024: -4.97%) was restated due to a change in methodology, now including variable pay elements.
4 2025 was the first year of reporting.

identified as non-western European
background.
In 2025, no employees were paid under the
adequate wage. In 2024, no employees were
paid below a living wage. The next living wage
assessment will be performed in 2026.
On gender pay equity, the unadjusted gender
pay gap was 8.2% in favor of women. This figure
does not distinguish between the different job
levels of our organization. When adjusting for
the job levels of our organization, the adjusted
gender pay gap is 3.3% in favor of men.

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Target
0.20 by 2030
36% by 2025
41% by 2025
80% by 2030
70% by 2030
0
<5.0%

2025
0.26
35%
48%
80%
71%
0
-8.2%
3.3%

>

2024
0.24
-1
-1
79%
67%
0
-6.1%
-4

Compensation

Characteristics of our employees
All characteristics are reported on a
(percentage of) headcount basis. Headcount
reporting on our employees is also included in
Note 4 Segment information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Employees by gender
Male
Female
Not disclosed / unknown

2025
18,132
10,406
12

2024
17,968
10,242
4

Total employees

28,550

28,214

2025
3,324
4,135
3,678
17,413

2024
3,365
4,084
3,734
17,031

28,550

28,214

Employees by country
Country 1
China
USA
Switzerland
Rest of World
Total employees
1 ‘Significant countries’ are countries where the company has at least 50 employees representing at least 10% of the total employee count.

185

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Employees by contract type
Temporary contracts are used within the
company to backfill absences and temporary
leave, address peak workload periods, and
comply with country-specific practices for
probation periods. It also includes all students,
trainees and internships.

Female

Male

Not disclosed
/
Unknown

Total

2025
Permanent
Temporary
Non-guaranteed hours
Non-integrated acquisitions
Total
Full-time
Part-time

9,197
807
0
402
10,406
8,939
1,065

16,097
870
0
1,165
18,132
16,419
548

12
0
0
0
12
12
0

25,306
1,677
0
1,567
28,550
25,370
1,613

2024
Permanent
Temporary
Non-guaranteed hours
Non-integrated acquisitions
Total
Full-time
Part-time

8,897
932
0
413
10,242
8,740
1,089

15,814
981
0
1,173
17,968
16,247
548

4
0
0
0
4
4
0

24,715
1,913
0
1,586
28,214
24,991
1,637

Latin America

China

Rest of Asia

Total

Employees by contract type by region

186

Netherlands

Switzerland

Rest of EMEA North America

2025
Permanent
Temporary
Non-guaranteed hours
Non-integrated acquisitions
Total
Full-time
Part-time

1,678
85
0
0
1,763
1,276
487

3,550
128
0
0
3,678
3,213
465

7,718
594
0
125
8,437
7,754
558

4,187
17
0
0
4,204
4,187
17

3,356
221
0
0
3,577
3,500
77

1,746
504
0
1,074
3,324
2,250
0

3,071
128
0
368
3,567
3,190
9

25,306
1,677
0
1,567
28,550
25,370
1,613

2024
Permanent
Temporary
Non-guaranteed hours
Non-integrated acquisitions
Total
Full-time
Part-time

1,675
101
0
0
1,776
1,265
511

3,613
121
0
0
3,734
3,270
464

7,399
602
0
133
8,134
7,438
563

4,137
18
0
0
4,155
4,139
16

3,324
241
0
0
3,565
3,489
76

1,587
688
0
1,090
3,365
2,275
0

2,980
142
0
363
3,485
3,115
7

24,715
1,913
0
1,586
28,214
24,991
1,637

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Inflow and outflow
2025

Inflow¹
Total number of new hires (excluding
acquisitions)
Acquisitions
Total inflow
% new hires by region
Netherlands
Switzerland
Rest of EMEA
North America
Latin America
China
Rest of Asia
Outflow
Voluntary resignations
Total outflow (excluding divestments)
Divestments
Total outflow
.
Voluntary turnover (%) ¹
Total turnover (%) ¹
1

187

2024

Female

Male

Not disclosed
/ unknown

1,644
0

2,313
0

14
0

3,971
0

1,166
0

1,852
21

2
0

3,020
21

1,644

2,313

14

3,971

1,166

1,873

2

3,041

2.1%
2.7%
13.9%
7.2%
6.8%
2.6%
6.1%

2.6%
5.3%
18.6%
11.6%
10.2%
3.2%
6.7%

0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.4%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%

4.9%
8.3%
32.5%
19.5%
17.3%
5.5%
12.0%

1.6%
3.6%
13.4%
7.0%
4.6%
2.1%
6.1%

2.9%
6.0%
17.7%
14.0%
10.2%
2.9%
7.9%

0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%

4.5%
9.6%
31.1%
21.1%
14.8%
5.0%
14.0%

863
1,384
58

1,230
2,036
106

4
12
0

2,097
3,432
164

696
975
451

1,190
1,851
1,017

3
4
0

1,889
2,830
1,468

1,442

2,142

12

3,596

1,426

2,868

4

4,298

6.6%
9.9%

6.1%
10.2%

6.3%
10.1%

7.5%
10.5%

7.2%
11.2%

Total

Female

Male

Not disclosed
/ unknown

Total

Turnover is calculated by dividing the total number of terminations over the last 12 months (excluding divestments) by the average headcount for that same 12-month period. Turnover considering only Actual Workforce.

7.3%
10.9%

>

Compensation

Collective bargaining
The coverage by region of collective bargaining
agreement is based at country level, and is
reported through our regional human resources
organization. At least 43% of employees are
covered by collective bargaining agreements
(2024: at least 43%), and a European Works
Council is in place. As dsm-firmenich has no
EEA countries meeting the ESRS thresholds, the
total EEA percentage is reported.
Training and skills
In 2025, learning engagement remained strong,
with consumption reaching over 100,000 hours.
We encourage sustainable learning: for every 10
hours of digital learning in which our employees
engage, we plant a tree. Prior to 2025, we
planted over 30,000 trees, and in 2025, we
added 10,000 further trees, reinforcing our
commitment to both personal growth and
environmental responsibility.
Health and safety
In 2025, more than 170 locations were incidentfree for more than a year. The total number of
safety incidents increased in 2025 compared
to 2024, much of this due to a weaker first half

of the year. The stronger results in the second
half of the year suggest that the introduced
initiatives are beginning to have an effect.
In 2025, we recorded 97 incidents (2024: 87),
corresponding with a TRIR[RA] (employees and
contractors, excluding recent acquisitions) of
0.26 (2024: 0.24). This is equivalent to an ESRSaligned 1.3 recordable work-related accidents
per 1 million hours worked (2024: 1.24). There
were 36 work-related ill health cases
(employees and contractors, 2024: 35). This
corresponds to a Health Rate of 0.10.
Tragically, we incurred a fatal incident in 2025 in
which an Account Manager in our NA ANH
Business Team was involved in an accident
during a customer visit. The accident was
caused by a third person who is being
prosecuted for involuntary manslaughter by the
authorities. dsm-firmenich was not penalized
for any safety violation associated with the
tragic incident. This loss has deeply impacted
our organization and reinforces our
commitment to safety.
In 2024, dsm-firmenich recorded one fatality
from work-related injuries.

Collective bargaining coverage
Coverage rate ¹,³

Employees EEA²

Employees Non-EEA

0-19%

•
•

20-39%

•

North America
Asia Pacific
EMEA (excl. EEA)

60-79%

•

Latin America

80-100%

•

EEA

Social Dialogue
Workplace representation (EEA only) ²

40-59%

1 Reported percentages are based on reporting by countries coverage 89% of total headcount
2 No EEA country meets the reporting threshold of 10% of workforce, so EEA has been added as a separate region
3 Coverage rate is calculated based on headcount on November 30

188

<

Sustainability Statements

In total, there were 6,092 days lost (2024:
3,789) to work-related injuries (excluding the
fatality) and ill-health (employees & supervised
contractors). All employees are covered by our
health and safety management systems, which
are based on local, national and international
regulations, international standards such as ISO
45001 as well as best practices and our own
policies.
Our Process Safety Incident (PSI) rate for 2025
was 0.30, comparable to the 2024 level of 0.31.
For process safety, targeted improvement
programs were implemented at sites with the
highest incident rates, and new behavior-based
initiatives were launched to address root
causes. We continued to conduct fire
protection integrity assessments globally,
underscoring our commitment to protecting
people and assets from fire and natural
hazards.
Compensation-related metrics
Adequate wages
We are committed to providing a decent
standard of living for our employees and their
families and we provide all our employees with
fair wages. Our wage practices are aligned with
national regulations and international standards
to ensure fair and equitable compensation. In
2025, no employee was paid under the
adequate wage. A living wage assessment
analysis will be conducted in 2026.
Gender pay gap
We are committed to creating an inclusive
workplace where all employees are rewarded
equitably. The unadjusted gender pay gap
measures the difference in average earnings

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Employees paid below benchmark
Unadjusted gender pay gap1
Adjusted gender pay gap
Remuneration ratio

2025
0
-8.2%
3.3%
86.7

>

2024
0
-6.1%
-2
71.7

1 The 2024 gender pay gap (2024: -4.97%) was restated due to a change in
methodology, now including variable pay elements.
2 2025 was the first year of reporting

between men and women across the
organization, regardless of role or seniority. In
2025, our analysis showed an unadjusted
gender pay gap of 8.2% in favor of women,
meaning that, on average, female earned 108.2%
of the pay level of men. When adjusting for the
levels of our organization, the adjusted gender
pay gap is 3.3% in favor of men. The difference
between the adjusted and unadjusted pay gap
is due to more female representation in the
management levels of the organization as
compared to other more junior levels.
Annual total remuneration ratio
The ratio of the annual total compensation for
the organization’s highest-paid individual (our
CEO) to the median annual total compensation
for all permanent dsm-firmenich employees
(excluding the highest-paid individual), is
referred to as the “Remuneration ratio”.
The CEO’s total compensation in 2025 was
€6,990,781 (2024: €5,518,160) whereas the
median 2025 compensation for permanent
employees was €80.586 (2024: €76,914). This
results in a remuneration ratio for 2025 of 86.7
compared to 71.7 in 2024. The difference is
driven by the annual cash incentives. The
portion of the cash incentive (STI) in the Total
Direct Compensation is higher for the CEO than
for the median employee, resulting in a greater
impact on the numerator compared to the
denominator. If the remuneration ratio
considered average employee remuneration

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

(€110,258 compared to €100,864 in 2024)
rather than the median, the ratio would amount
to 63.4 (2024: 54.7).
For the calculation of the remuneration ratio,
the total compensation of the CEO is
calculated based on the same assumptions as
for all other employees (described in the
methodology); the amount therefore differs
from the Compensation report. Main
differences concern the STI (STI paid in 2025
achieved over 2024 versus the STI accrued in
2025 in the Compensation report) and the LTI
(fair value versus face value used in the
Compensation report).
Any comparison over time and/or between
companies should be made with great caution
and restraint. Companies may use different
calculation methods, and their geographical
footprint may also vary significantly. The
outcome of the remuneration ratio is largely
determined by the share of variable
remuneration (STI and LTI) in total
remuneration. The proportion of variable
remuneration (i.e., remuneration at risk) in total
remuneration increases for higher job classes
and amounts (at target) to 75% of the CEO’s
total direct compensation. Additionally,
remuneration structures may differ by country
and acquisitions, divestments, growth or
decline in certain areas and exchange rate
fluctuations will also affect the remuneration
ratio.
Inclusion and belonging

The results of our 2025 Employee Engagement Survey

189

This year, we exceeded our 70% inclusion
target, achieving a score of 71% in our annual
Employee Engagement Survey (EES).

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Currently, 36.4% of employees at dsmfirmenich are women, contributing across all
functions and geographies. Within the Board of
Directors, which comprises 11 members
representing 8 nationalities, 36% are women. At
the executive level, 3 out of 9 Executive
Committee members are women, reinforcing
our commitment to balanced leadership.
We embed representation targets for women,
non-binary individuals, and ethnically diverse
leaders into our LTI plan, making inclusion a
measurable priority at the highest level. In
2025, 35% of our Global Management Team[RA]
identified as women or non-binary, positioning
us close to our 36% target, while 48% identified
with a non-western European background,
exceeding our 41% target. These outcomes
reflect more than numbers: it demonstrates
how linking inclusion to performance creates
real impact, strengthens leadership
representation, and fuels innovation and
sustainable growth across our global
organization.

Compensation

Diversity metrics
All characteristics are reported on a
(percentage of) headcount basis. Headcount
reporting on our employees is also included in
Note 4 Segment information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Temporary contracts are used within the
company to backfill absences and temporary
leave, cover peak workload periods, and
address country-specific practices for
probation periods. It also includes all students,
trainees and internships.

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Diversity
Executives ¹

Management ¹

Other ¹

Nonintegrated
acquisitions

2025
Female
Male
Not disclosed / unknown
Total

139 | 31.7%
299 | 68.3%
0 | 0.0%
438 | 100%

5,039 | 43.2%
6,615 | 56.7%
4 | 0.0%
11,658 | 100%

4,826 | 32.4%
10,053 | 67.5%
8 | 0.1%
14,887 | 100%

402 | 25.7%
1,165 | 74.3%
0 | 0%
1,567 | 100%

2024
Female
Male
Not disclosed / unknown
Total

140 | 31.3%
307 | 68.7%
0 | 0%
447 | 100%

4,936 | 43.1%
6,526 | 56.9%
2 | 0.01%
11,464 | 100%

4,753 | 32.3%
9,962 | 67.7%
2 | 0.01%
14,717 | 100%

413 | 26.0%
1,173 | 74.0%
0 | 0%
1,586 | 100%

1 Executives are Vice Presidents, Presidents, and C-suite officers, with some minor exceptions. Management are Directors, Managers, and Experts, with some minor exceptions. Other refers to all other employees

Incidents and human rights impacts
Information on incidents is reported in Speaking
Up in the Business Ethics section. In 2025, three
cases of incidents related to human rights were
reported, two of which were unsubstantiated.
Another one is still in progress. Moreover, there
were 72 alleged cases of incidents (2024: 52) of
discrimination and harassment. 60 cases were
closed, 14 of these cases (2024: 12) were
substantiated. Additional reporting relating to
human rights due diligence is published
separately in our Human Rights report.
We operate in geographies with higher risks of
human rights incidents. Based on the
assessment of our geographies and the Sedex
risk register, a high risk of child labor is
identified in East Asia, and of compulsory labor
or forced labor in East Asia, West Asia, South
Asia, and Southeast Asia. No severe human
rights incidents or fines, sanctions or
compensation relating to human rights
incidents in our own workforce were reported in
2025.

190

Employees by age group
<30 years

30 - 50 years

>50 years

2025
Female
Male
Not disclosed / unknown
Total

1,799
2,344
6
4,149

6,626
11,088
4
17,718

1,981
4,700
2
6,683

2024
Female
Male
Not disclosed / unknown
Total

1,913
2,360
3
4,276

6,422
10,978
1
17,401

1,907
4,630
0
6,537

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > SOCIAL INFORMATION > WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN

Workers in the value chain
We are committed to ensuring that people
and communities across our value chains are
treated with dignity and respect. With supply
chains spanning the globe, we collaborate
with our suppliers, and key stakeholders to
address people and human rights risks that
may arise in the context of our activities.
Achieving this requires strong partnerships. It is
therefore vital that suppliers across our
network align with our people’s standards and
support our mission to bring progress to life.
Please see Engaging with our supply chain for a
holistic view on how we engage with our supply
chain on both social and environmental topics.
The material part of our value chain that is in
scope of our disclosures for this standard is our
upstream value chain.
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
We have a clear responsible sourcing strategy
that is fully integrated across our value chain,
from suppliers to customers. This strategy
translates our social standards into action and
supports our goal of creating sustainable value.
Actions and resources
We focus on concrete actions and systematic
data tracking, helping suppliers enhance their
understanding of human rights risks and
develop effective improvement plans. Our
ambition is to enable suppliers to embed
responsible sourcing practices into their

191

business. Our Responsible Sourcing Standard
defines priority areas for implementation.
To address salient human rights risks and foster
positive outcomes across our value chain, we
focus on strategic engagement and capacitybuilding with suppliers, strengthening
relationships and driving continuous
improvement. Transparency is enhanced
through third-party platforms such as
EcoVadis, Sedex, and UEBT, enabling robust
compliance monitoring and prioritization based
on country and sector risk. Grievance
mechanisms, complemented by desktop
assessments and on-site audits, support early
detection, remediation, and ongoing progress.
Our risk screening tools and performance
analyses underscore that our highest exposure
lies within the botanical-related supply chains
in EMEA, South America, and Southeast Asia.
Key identified risks include child and forced
labor, as well as working conditions, freedom of
association & collective bargaining and
occupational health & safety.
These insights guide prioritization plans and
targeted mitigation in collaboration with
Business Units. Continuous monitoring is
reinforced by live-news alert systems and our
Speak Up channel, ensuring timely response to
potential impacts. Our policies and frameworks
remain focused on preventing harm while
promoting positive outcomes throughout the
value chain. See Supplier engagement for more
details.

Identifying sensitive supply chains and defining
actions
Based on supplier performance reviews, risk
analyses, and ongoing business reviews, our
Responsible Sourcing at Source team identifies
sensitive supply chains for further assessment.
These undergo detailed evaluations to
understand potential adverse impacts and
determine how to minimize or remediate them.
In 2025, we launched a new, advanced
Responsible Sourcing program for key natural
ingredients. This program integrates desktop
assessments with expanded field-based due
diligence to identify salient risks and deploy
mitigation measures. Through this program, the
most frequently identified gaps versus our
standards relate primarily to social impacts,
such as health & safety, working conditions,
wages and child labor. More details per focus
area will be shared in our annual Human Rights
report, which will be published on our website.
Stakeholder engagement in field assessments
The Responsible Sourcing at Source team works
closely with procurement managers, Business
Units, and internal sustainability functions, and
where relevant, with NGOs and local partners,
to develop targeted action plans for each
identified issue. These plans clearly define the
affected groups, required resources,
implementation timelines, escalation pathways,
and assigned ownership. Progress and
effectiveness are monitored through follow‑up

field visits, scheduled according to the severity
of the impacts and the deadlines set for
corrective actions.
Equitable living standards
With sustainability at the core of everything we
do, we build resilience for long-term success,
not only for ourselves but for everyone
connected to our business. Driven by this
shared purpose, dsm-firmenich continues its
commitment to advancing fair compensation
for more people beyond our workforce.
As part of the Forward Faster Living wage
working group of UNGC, we collaborated with
selected suppliers operating in Sri Lanka,
Colombia, and India to advance their
living‑wage journey. This program, supported by
industry leaders, aims to build capabilities and
align methodologies to promote living wages
across global supply chains. In 2025, together
with international experts, sponsors, and
suppliers, the initiative developed a
comprehensive training framework to enable
organizations to progress on this critical topic
using a unified approach.
We will continue to work with other suppliers,
businesses, governments, and NGOs to create
change and encourage the global adoption of
living wage practices. We value a global
approach on ensuring living wage payments will
be verified in the same way and have been a
sponsor of the IDH Living Wage Verification
Guidelines assignment.

Compensation

Actions to ensure inclusive sourcing and
prevent discrimination and harassment in the
workforce of suppliers
Every supplier must foster diversity, equity, and
inclusion while ensuring a workplace free from
discrimination and harassment. This
commitment goes beyond policy, it is
embedded in how we monitor, engage, and
collaborate with our partners worldwide.
We leverage leading third-party assessment
tools such as EcoVadis, SMETA, and TfS audits,
which include dedicated modules on
discrimination and harassment. These
evaluations are complemented by our own onsite audits, where internal teams apply a
comprehensive assessment toolkit to review
anti-harassment and anti-discrimination
policies, training records, and grievance
mechanisms.
To ensure these measures translate into factual
actions in the field, we conduct confidential
interviews with workers to validate their
awareness and assess the effectiveness of
established policies and procedures. The
findings are subsequently addressed through
constructive dialogue with suppliers and, where
necessary, the implementation of corrective
actions—underscoring that accountability is
the cornerstone of progress.
Grievance mechanisms and reporting
Reporting potential violations of our Supplier
Code, Responsible Sourcing Standard, or
external commitments is essential to
transparency and accountability. Our Speak Up
grievance channel — anonymously managed by
an independent external provider — allows
value chain workers to report concerns
securely.

192

A model for collective action
Where collective action is essential, we engage
actively in responsible sourcing coalitions, such
as the Fair Labor Association for the jasmine
supply chain in Egypt and UEBT for the rose
supply chains in Bulgaria and Turkey.
In Egypt, our coalition partners include the Fair
Labor Association, the International Labour
Organization, more than 15 jasmine producers
and buyers, the Egyptian government, and local
civil society organizations. Together, we work to
protect children and promote decent working
conditions in the jasmine sector.

Sustainability Statements

innovation and strengthening collaboration with
our partners to establish a more sustainable
production system that benefits local
communities.
Key activities and achievements delivered in
2025

•

•

Responsible sourced jasmine - coalition impact
Working jointly with industry partners and local
stakeholders, the Jasmine Coalition is driving
progress through a set of focused impact
actions, including:
•

Continuing the momentum from last year’s
annual report, 2025 saw our coalition deepen
its engagement in field-level interventions.
Launched in 2024, the initiative targets the root
causes of child labor and strives to improve
working conditions through a holistic, four-pillar
approach: economic resilience, education and
child protection, human rights due diligence,
and advocacy. The coalition’s approach is
rooted in collaboration and transparency. By
leveraging the expertise of international
organizations, local partners, and government
agencies, we are driving systemic change in the
jasmine supply chain. Our efforts go beyond
compliance, focusing on sustainable solutions
that address the underlying drivers of child
labor and empower communities.
Building on our significant progress, we are
excited to further extend our impact by
expanding monitoring coverage, strengthening
sourcing practices, and deepening community
engagement. These efforts will help us continue
to enhance the welfare of workers and their
families. Our commitment to responsible
sourcing within Egypt’s jasmine sector remains
unwavering. We are dedicated to fostering

<

•

•

•

•

•

•

Delivered tailored entrepreneurial and
financial literacy training to over 340
pickers and farmers, with a strong focus on
women’s participation
Supported access to financial services,
including prepaid cards, savings accounts,
and microloans, enabling families to improve
their livelihoods
Enrolled more than 2,600 children in
summer school programs and awareness
sessions on children’s rights
Piloted night childcare facilities and trained
community monitors to support safe
environments for children
Distributed personal protective equipment
(PPE) to over 15,000 jasmine pickers,
including headlamps, waterproof boots, and
jackets
Organized 23 medical convoys and mobile
clinics, providing nearly 20,000 medical
services — primarily to women and children
— and conducting over 1,000 medical
exams
Deployed 40 monitors across 21 villages,
conducting thousands of visits and working
closely with local child protection
committees to strengthen community-

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

based safeguards and promote responsible
practices.
Completed a legal and policy gap analysis,
leading to government-approved
recommendations
Facilitated training for nearly 200
participants from key ministries and
agencies, integrating jasmine sector
progress into national reporting frameworks

Advancing supplier diversity and inclusion
To further monitor and encourage supplier
diversity and inclusion, ensuring that our
purchasing decisions reflect our values, the
below three initiatives are in place:
•

•

•

Our global SAP procurement system
enables classification of suppliers across
multiple criteria, including diversity
A local Supplier Diversity program:
Supporting women-owned and ethnic
minority-owned businesses, reinforcing our
commitment to equitable economic
opportunities
A global inclusive Sensory Panels program:
Partnering with agencies in China, Mexico,
the UK, Switzerland, India, South Africa, and
Singapore to hire blind and visually impaired
professionals for sensory evaluation panels
— bringing unique perspectives to product
development and promoting workplace
inclusion

Grievance mechanisms – workers’ survey
We partnered with Ulula to conduct a worker
survey at our Apodaca and El Salto sites in
Mexico, focusing on facility management
services. This initiative engaged agency workers
from cleaning and security suppliers to better
understand their working conditions and

Compensation

safeguard human rights. Insights from the
survey informed corrective actions aimed at
improving access to grievance channels, wage
transparency, and worker representation. This
work strengthens our commitment to ethical
sourcing and responsible practices across our
value chain.
Metrics and targets
In 2025, we strengthened our due diligence
approach by addressing salient issues
identified through audits and grievance
channels. These findings highlighted areas of
concern around working conditions and human
rights compliance. In response, we rolled out
targeted supplier training programs and
equipped partners with tools to prevent
violations and foster safe, fair workplaces. As a
result, we trained more than 350 targeted
suppliers identified based on our desktop due
diligence process.
For metrics and targets covering both social
and environmental aspects, please refer to the
Engaging with our supply chain section.

193

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > SOCIAL INFORMATION > CONSUMERS AND END-USERS

Consumers and end-users
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
In 2025, the global nutrition and hunger crisis
remained deeply concerning, shaped by
persistent conflict, climate extremes, economic
instability, and displacement.
According to the 2025 State of Food Security
and Nutrition in the World (SOFI) report,
between 638 and 720 million people — up to
8.8% of the global population — faced hunger in
2024, with 2.3 billion experiencing moderate or
severe food insecurity. While some regions have
seen modest recovery, hunger continues to rise
in Africa and Western Asia.

estimates that more than half of the global
population lacks regular access to nutritious
diets, highlighting the urgent need for systemic
transformation of food systems to ensure
equity, sustainability, and health. Without
coordinated investment and policy action,
millions remain at risk of malnutrition and its
long-term consequences.
Actions and resources
Amid growing global challenges, dsm-firmenich
has strengthened partnerships with leading
organizations while mobilizing internal expertise
and resources.

The 2025 Lancet Countdown underscores that
climate-related disruptions and systemic
inequities are undermining progress toward
global nutrition targets, particularly in lowincome countries, and warns that without
urgent action, the world remains off track to
meet Sustainable Development Goal 2: Zero
Hunger by 2030.

Partnerships for nutrition and health

The affordability of healthy diets remains a
major barrier to improved nutrition. In 2025
2.55 billion people could not afford a healthy
diet, with the global average cost reaching
USD 4.50 per person per day in purchasing
power parity. Although some regions saw slight
improvements due to rising incomes,
affordability worsened in sub-Saharan Africa
and other low-income countries, where food
price inflation continues to outpace overall
inflation. The 2025 EAT-Lancet Commission

These partnerships do not only address urgent
humanitarian needs but also lay the foundation
for long-term, sustainable impact. Through a
combination of scientific expertise, innovation,
and strategic advocacy, dsm-firmenich
continues to support solutions that deliver
immediate relief while advancing quality
nutrition systems that endure beyond crisis.

194

It is in this harsh context that dsm-firmenich
reinforced its partnerships with global partners
-including the World Food Programme (WFP),
the Gates Foundation (GF), and World Vision
International and continued its engagement
with Africa Improved Foods.

In 2025, the partnerships were supported by
in-kind, direct and indirect financial

contributions close to €2 million a year and
have been managed by a team within Group
Sustainability in close collaboration with
relevant Business Units (such as the HNC
Nutrition Improvement team) and Business
Partners (such as Human Resources and Group
Communications).

fortified rice in over 20 countries, indirectly
reaching more than 730 million people annually.
In addition to rice fortification, the partnership
latest data impact from 2024, indicate that the
following was achieved:
•

UN World Food Programme (WFP)
Since 2007, dsm-firmenich and WFP have
combined their strengths: our leading scientific
and technological nutrition expertise, and
WFP’s global reach and deep experience
supporting vulnerable populations. Together, we
have helped improve the diets and lives of tens
of millions through innovative nutrition and
fortification solutions.

•

•

•

One of the most effective strategies we have
advanced is food fortification: enhancing
commonly consumed staples with essential
micronutrients. This approach is not only costeffective and culturally sensitive, but also a vital
climate adaptation measure, especially in
regions where climate change and biodiversity
loss have reduced dietary diversity and access
to nutritious, locally produced food.
A key example is rice fortification: the
partnership has supported the inclusion of
fortified rice in national social protection
programs, such as school meals, helping ensure
consistent access to nourishing food. To date,
these efforts have contributed to expanding
production, availability, and consumption of

•

•

•

Reached 30.2 million people with fortified
and nutritious food products enhanced by
the partnership
Reached 23.6 million people through rice
fortification and retail projects in the
context of WFP country programs (15%
increase from 2023)
An additional 720 million people received
fortified rice through social protection
programs in countries that were previously
in the partnership (44% increase from 2023)
Reached 8.5 million individuals via social
behavior change (SBC) activities (77%
increase from 2023)
Approximately 1,300 retailers, community
leaders, health workers, and school staff
were trained on rice fortification cooking
practices, promotion, and/or stock/business
management.
Strengthened food systems by providing
technical support to 421 millers to produce
fortified rice and maize flour (83% increase
from 2023)
Drove sustainable progress toward
eradicating malnutrition by combining
innovation with a systemic approach

It is important to note that since early 2025 the
partnership has been operating in an

Compensation

increasingly strained humanitarian landscape,
marked by severe funding reductions and
escalating crises across multiple regions. WFP
faced a 40% drop in funding, which risks
pushing up to 13.7 million people from crisis into
emergency levels of hunger, with ration
reductions, suspended meal programs, and
pipeline breaks threatening the lives of the
most vulnerable.
Amid these challenges, dsm-firmenich
reaffirmed its commitment to the partnership,
a message strongly conveyed during a joint
field visit to the Kakuma refugee camp in Kenya
in November 2024. The visit was followed by a
global dsm-firmenich townhall in March 2025,
where Rania Dagash-Kamara, WFP’s Assistant
Executive Director for Partnerships and
Resource Mobilization, shared compelling
insights into the critical role of the partnership
in sustaining nutrition efforts during this time of
unprecedented need.
The partnership with WFP focuses on the
following workstreams:
•

•
•

Reaching the most vulnerable at scale,
which entails increased integration of
fortified staples into institutional demand
and humanitarian programs
Strengthening impact by improving the
quality of fortified staples
Identifying potential innovative solutions to
further address micronutrient deficiencies

This new partnership initiatives aims to impact
more than 60 million people in four regions and
32 countries by 2027.
In 2025, the partnership delivered impact at
both policy and implementation levels. At the
policy level, it supported the development of

195

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

rice fortification standards and quality
monitoring guidelines in Kenya and Nigeria,
reinforcing national frameworks for improved
nutrition. On the ground, pilots introducing
fortified rice in school feeding program in
Cambodia and fortified wheat flour in Tajikistan,
alongside trainings and technical trials with
millers were initiated.

AIF was launched in 2016 in Rwanda as a public
private partnership between the Government
of Rwanda and a consortium comprising the
former DSM, the Dutch Development Bank, DFID
Impact Acceleration Facility managed by CDC
Group plc, and the International Finance
Corporation, the private sector arm of the
World Bank Group.

Through M4N, we provide technical support to
millers and partners to help improve access to
quality premix and ensure compliance with
national standards. As of 2025, 750 millers have
joined the coalition, reaching over 560 million
people with fortified staple foods. The coalition
aims to reach 1 billion people by the end of
2026.

World Vision International

2025 was a difficult year, globally, for the battle
against hunger and malnutrition. The need grew
within Africa, but traditional funding sources
were considerably down. The AIF team,
meanwhile, ensured that they remained a
responsible player in the sector, working to find
other avenues to fund the production and
distribution of their products. In parallel, AIF
remained engaged with WFP and other
agencies to secure orders from them to the
extent possible within this new funding reality.
As a caring employer, AIF did its utmost to
avoid forced attrition and meet social
commitments with farming communities and
service providers despite these adverse
pressures.

Other joint initiatives include DFQT+ (Digital
Fortification Quality Traceability Plus), a digital
system that tracks micronutrients from
production through consumption to strengthen
quality and accountability. We also collaborate
on a bouillon fortification project in West Africa,
using widely consumed bouillon cubes to
deliver essential vitamins and minerals and
reduce micronutrient deficiencies.

Our partnership with World Vision International
has focused on developing an affordable and
sustainable Multiple Micronutrient
Supplementation MMS value chain to
contribute to the improvement of the
nutritional status of pregnant and lactating
women in the Philippines. Together with World
Vision International and Sight and Life, we
worked on the co-creation of a viable,
repeatable and scalable MMS project model
with the support of the Philippines
Government. Following the project baseline in
2024, the MMS were delivered in-country and
the distribution to 1,859 women in four remote
pilot locations kicked off. This pilot required the
training of more than 151 health workers to
ensure the proper distribution, monitoring and
data collection for the project. In parallel, the
project team has been engaging with
government bodies and other relevant
stakeholders to ensure mainstream access to
MMS after the pilot phase, through national
maternal health and nutrition programs.
Africa Improved Foods (AIF)
AIF is a social enterprise with the mission of
helping people in Rwanda and the wider region
achieve their full potential by producing highquality nutritious foods from local ingredients.

The Gates Foundation
The Gates Foundation shares our goal of
helping women and children receive the
nutrition they need to live healthy, productive
lives. We collaborate on a number of initiatives
that seek to increase the availability, access,
quality, and compliance of large-scale food
fortification.
One example is the Millers for Nutrition (M4N)
coalition, where we are a founding member.
M4N supports millers in fortifying staple foods
such as rice, edible oil, and flour across eight
countries to combat micronutrient deficiencies.
countries to combat micronutrient deficiencies.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

Metrics and targets
Building on our industry‑leading capabilities in
nutrition science and innovation, dsm‑firmenich
develops scalable solutions — including
micronutrient powders, public‑health
supplements, and staple food fortification — to
improve access to essential vitamins and
minerals. By fortifying everyday foods such as
flour, oil, and rice, and working in close
partnership with governments,
non‑governmental organizations, and the
private sector, we aim to extend these solutions
to one billion people by 2030 (annually, not
cumulatively), helping to combat hidden hunger
and micronutrient deficiencies worldwide. The
methodology for measuring progress towards
our target will incorporate the upcoming ANH
separation, which will lead to the carve-out of
our vitamin A production.
Through our nutrition improvement segment,
acting both independently and through our
partnerships, we reached 775 million people in
2025 around the world. More information with
regard to the methodology can be found in
Appendix to the Sustainability Statements.
Additional information on the impact of our
products and solutions can be found in Health,
Nutrition & Care.

Number of people (million)

1

2025

2024

775

759

1 The number of people reached in 2024 (2024: 620 million) was restated
due to a change of methodology.

Picture from WFP- Lisa Murray

196

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

Governance
information

197

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > GOVERNANCE INFORMATION > GOVERNANCE INFORMATION

Business conduct
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
A dedicated Business Ethics team, which
reports to our Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance
Officer, oversees our observance of ethical and
legal standards, and guides our interactions
with colleagues, our Business Partners, and the
world.
In 2025, our focus was to establish the
foundations of our ethics and compliance
framework, ensuring that our program is strong,
resilient, fit for purpose, and responsive to the
evolving needs of our organization and our
stakeholders.
At least on a quarterly basis, the Business
Ethics team reports and escalates compliance
issues and initiatives to the Group Ethics
Committee (GEC). The GEC oversees, assesses
and enhances ethics and integrity across the
company, based on the Code of Business
Ethics and Group policies. The GEC plays a
crucial role in maintaining an ethical culture and
ensuring that the organization operates with
accountability.
The GEC consists of:
•
•
•
•
•

198

Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Human Resources Officer
Chief Legal, Risk and Compliance Officer Chair
Head of Business Ethics – Secretary

Identifying and managing bribery and
corruption risks
We focus on preventing corruption and bribery
by establishing effective countermeasures. Our
Anti-Bribery and Corruption policy shapes our
internal regulatory framework by defining the
principles and areas for attention. From this, we
derive a set of standards that address the main
risk areas. These were further strengthened in
2025. Moreover, a multi-disciplinary third-party
risk assessment was conducted to gauge the
risk of bribery and corruption, among other
things. As a result, we implemented further
process improvements and identified areas
requiring more attention. Reflecting both the
enhancements in 2025 and our continued
focus on preventing corruption and bribery
through effective measures, during the year, we:
•

•

•

•

Continued our review of donations and
sponsorships and the suitability of our
philanthropic initiatives and partners
Supplemented the Conflict of Interest
Standard with a section providing guidance
on managing potential or actual conflicts of
interest during the recruitment process
Launched a new Gifts and Entertainment
Standard, replacing earlier requirements to
cover the giving and receiving of gifts and
participation in entertainment activities
with individuals outside dsm-firmenich
Commenced work on a Group standard to
harmonize our Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Third-Party Risk checks. This ensures due
diligence vis-à-vis our Business Partners

Gathering data through dedicated mechanisms
linked to each of the aforementioned standards
also helps the company to ensure their
consistent application, to identify trends,
analyze data relationships, and proactively
address potential risks.
The aim of these standards is not only to
establish a set of rules to protect the company
and its workforce but also to provide clear
guidance to employees on the part they play in
fostering an ethical business environment. The
standards are shared via dedicated
communication and training programs,
complementing the imperative learnings
enshrined in our Group Mandatory Trainings.
Group Mandatory Trainings
Training is a key tool to mitigate the risk of
breaches of ethical standards, foster ethical
behavior and support effective implementation
of our business conduct policies. In 2025, the
company further strengthened its mandatory
compliance training framework with the
objective of achieving full coverage across the
workforce. Between October 2024 and August
2025, five mandatory trainings were rolled out:
Code of Business Ethics (CoBE), Anti-Bribery
and Corruption (ABC), People-Centric
(including Work Respect and Harassment
Prevention), Physical and Cyber Security, and
Safety, Health and Environment (SHE). All
employees are required to complete the five
mandatory trainings. These trainings are
subject to a two-year review and refresh cycle.

By the end of 2025, completion rates for all five
mandatory trainings for internal employees
exceeded 96%, demonstrating a high level of
awareness, engagement, and compliance
across the organization.
Metrics and targets
The expected positive impact of our corporate
culture is measured through the Employee
Engagement Survey. See more information in
Own Workforce, Inclusion and Belonging.
Speak Up and incidents of corruption and
bribery
In 2025, we processed 218 reports via Speak Up
(2024: 163), including ANH. All were
investigated. Substantiated complaints on
issues such as workplace harassment,
mistreatment, conflicts of interest, labor
practices, or SHE-related issues, led to
terminations, written warnings, trainings,
process improvements, among other things.
Five cases related to potential bribery and
corruption were reported via Speak Up in 2025
(2024: three). Each case was subject to internal
investigation. While allegations could not be
substantiated, all reports were taken seriously
and reviewed thoroughly in line with our
commitment to integrity and accountability. No
convictions or fines relating to anti-corruption
and bribery laws have been reported. More
information can be found in Speaking up in
Business Ethics.

Compensation

Appendix
to the
Sustainability
Statements
199

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > APPENDIX

Appendix to the Sustainability Statements
1. Methodologies
Selection of topics
The topics covered in this Report were selected
on the basis of our materiality analysis, which
assessed the relevance and impact of selected
topics for both our company and various
stakeholders. The sustainability data is
qualitative and quantitative; the qualitative
information can also contain quantitative
elements. The materiality matrix and the
process by which it is created is described in
General information.

Area

Methodology descriptions
In the following pages, we describe how we
have calculated the metrics included
throughout the Sustainability Statements. This
includes mandatory disclosures in line with
ESRS, voluntary (partial) disclosures that are
consistent with ESRS and entity-specific
metrics that have been prepared following the
Transitional provision related to entity-specific
disclosures in ESRS 1.
The methodology descriptions include
information under the following sections:

Scope
•

The sustainability data in this Report covers all
entities that belong to the scope of the
Consolidated Financial Statements. In the value
chain, sustainability data relates primarily to
Tier 1 suppliers. Unless otherwise explicitly
stated, the sustainability data in this Report
have not been verified externally.
Divestments
Environmental data is reported until the
moment control of the divested entity is
transferred, and social data until the end of the
month in which control of the divested entity is
transferred. The date on which control of the
company is transferred generally coincides
with the date a divestment is closed, and
control of the shares is transferred to the new
owner.

•
•
•

Disclosure requirements
Definitions
Calculation methodologies
Judgements and uncertainties

Environmental emissions

Scope 3 emissions
Substances of (Very High)
Concern
Biodiversity

Employee characteristics

EES, inclusion and GMT diversity

Health and safety
Collective bargaining
Compensation-related metrics
Human rights reporting
Procurement related metrics
Responsibly sourced key natural
ingredients

Nutritional improvement
Bribery and corruption

200

Disclosures
E1-4 Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation;
E1-5 - Energy consumption and mix
E1-6 - Gross Scope 1 & 2 emissions
E3-3 Targets related to water and marine resources
E3-4 - Water consumption
Voluntary: E2-4 Pollution of air, water and soil; E5-5 Resource
outflows
E1-6 Gross Scope 3 emissions
E2-5 – Substances of concern and substances of very high
concern
E4-4 – Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems
E4-5 – Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems
change
S1-6 – Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
S1-9 – Diversity metrics
Voluntary: Total training hours
S1-5 – Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and
opportunities
S1-9 – Diversity metrics
S1-5 – Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and
opportunities
S1-14 – Health and safety metrics
S1-8 – Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
S1-16 – Compensation metrics (pay gap and total compensation)
Voluntary: S1-10 – Adequate wages
S1-17 – Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts
ESRS 2 – Entity specific
S2 - Entity specific
S2-5 – Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and
opportunities
S2 - Entity specific
S4-5 – Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and
opportunities
S4 - Entity specific
G1-4 – Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery

>

Compensation

Environmental emissions
Disclosure requirements
•
•
•
•
•
•

E1-4 Targets related to climate change
mitigation and adaptation
E1-5 - Energy consumption and mix
E1-6 - Gross Scope 1 & 2 emissions
E3-3 Targets related to water and marine
resources
E3-4 - Water consumption
Voluntary: E2-4 Pollution of air, water and
soil, and E5-5 Resource outflows

Environmental indicators are reported in
accordance with the ESRS E1 Climate change,
E3 Water and marine resources, and E5 Circular
economy standard.
Definitions
•

•

•

•
•
•
•
•

201

Energy consumption: Total energy used on
site, including electricity, fuels, and heat,
disaggregated by source and type
Scope 1 emissions: Direct GHG emissions
from owned or controlled operations,
including combustion of fuels and process
emissions
Scope 2 emissions: Indirect GHG emissions
from purchased electricity and heat,
reported using both market-based and
location-based methods
Water withdrawal: Total water drawn into the
site from all sources
Water discharge: Total water leaving the site
boundary
Water consumption: Water withdrawal
minus water discharge
Resource outflows: All waste streams leaving
the site, categorized by type and treatment
Renewable electricity: We consider
renewable electricity, as electricity from

renewable sources such as wind, solar,
geothermal, sustainably sourced biomass
(including biogas and biomethane) and
sustainable hydropower. Renewable
electricity is sourced using various
instruments such as self-generation, direct
procurement from renewable generators,
retail contracts and unbundled Energy
Attribute Certificates (EACs). In certain
markets a double counting risk exists. To
prevent this risk, instruments such as
contracts are used to ensure credibility and
verifiability.
Calculation methodologies
Targets related to climate change mitigation
and adaptation: Scope 1 & 2, and renewable
electricity: Near-term and net-zero emissions
reductions targets have been set by dsmfirmenich and validated by the Science Based
Targets Initiative (SBTi). The base year is
calendar year 2021; January 1, 2021, until
December 31, 2021. All Scope 1 & 2 (marketbased) emissions are in scope. An additional
target on the purchasing of renewable
electricity was also set.
Energy: Energy consumption is reported as the
total energy used on site, including electricity,
fuels, and heat, whether purchased or selfgenerated, and is disaggregated by renewable
and non-renewable sources. Data is collected
from invoices, meter readings, and validated
calculations, with conversion to standard units
(low heating value for fuels) and application of
appropriate emission factors. The percentage
of renewable energy is determined by the share
of renewable electricity, heat, and fuels in total
consumption, following IEA and RE100
guidelines.

<

Sustainability Statements

Scope 1 & 2 emissions: Scope 1 emissions are
calculated based on fuel consumption and
process activity data collected from site-level
meters, invoices and operational logs.
Emissions factors are applied to calculate the
corresponding emissions.
Scope 2 emissions are calculated based on the
amount of purchased electricity, steam, heat or
cooling collected from invoices, meter readings
or site records. Emissions are calculated for
both location-based and market-based
approaches. Location-based uses the average
grid emission factor for the country or region,
market-based uses supplier-specific emission
factors. Renewable electricity (on the basis of
credible certificates or contracts), the supplierspecific emission factor is zero or near zero.
All calculations follow the GHG Protocol, with
biogenic CO₂ reported separately.
Targets related to water and marine resources:
water efficiency improvement in waterstressed areas: The water efficiency target
encompasses all dsm-firmenich sites located in
a water-stressed area, defined as sites scoring
“high” or “very high” for water stress for
baseline or 2030 business as usual scenario,
according to WRI Aqueduct database. It
accounts for the quantity of water withdrawal
from freshwater (excluding once-throughcooling), groundwater or third-party sources
per ton of product. Efficiency improvement is
calculated by comparing real water withdrawal
of the reported year to the expected water
withdrawal if water intensity would have been
the same as in baseline year 2023.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Water consumption: Water consumption is
defined as the difference between total water
withdrawal and total water discharge,
representing water not returned to the
environment or third parties. Data is obtained
from metering, validated calculations, and
process engineering estimates, with all sources
and assumptions documented in site SOPs. For
material sites, water balances are maintained
and meters are calibrated according to a
defined plan.
Voluntary indicators: E2-4 Pollution of air, water
and soil: Emissions to air (e.g., VOCs, SO₂, NOₓ),
and water (e.g., COD, N, P) are reported for all
material sources, using a combination of direct
measurements, mass balances, and
calculations based on production and process
data. Methodologies are aligned with local
regulatory requirements and international
standards.
On Phosphorous (P) and Nitrogen (N)
emissions, the P+N efficiency ambition
encompasses all sites located in areas with
high water pollution index, defined as sites
scoring 4 or more in Science Based Targets for
Nature (SBTN) tool “State of Nature Water
Layers”. It accounts for the net quantity of P+N
released to fresh or sea water per ton of
product. Efficiency improvement is calculated
by comparing real net P+N of the reported year
to the expected net P+N using the intensity of
baseline year 2023.
E5-5 Resource outflows: Waste generation and
disposal are reported by category and by
treatment method. Data is sourced from site
weighing systems, waste registers, and
contractor invoices, with estimates used only
where direct measurement is not feasible.

Compensation

Judgements and assumptions
•

•

•
•

•

Materiality: Reporting focuses on material
contributors, as determined by annual
assessments
Data quality: Preference is given to direct
measurement; estimates are used only
when necessary and are documented
Emission factors: Updated annually and
aligned with international standards
Reporting boundaries: All sites under
financial control are in scope for reporting.
Sites may be excluded for material reasons
Uncertainty: Where estimates or proxies are
used, uncertainty is documented and
efforts are made to improve data quality
over time

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Scope 3 emissions

Calculation methodologies

Disclosure requirements

Scope 3 target: Our near-term and net-zero
reduction targets have been SBT-validated. The
base year is calendar year 2021; January 1 until
December 31. The target covers 4 categories:

•
•

E1-4 Targets (Scope 3)
E1-6 GHG emissions Scope 3

Scope 3 GHG emissions are reported in
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol,
the ESRS E1 Climate Change standard, and SBTi
requirements. They are disclosed in metric tons
of CO₂-equivalent (tCO₂e), disaggregated by
category, and as intensity per net revenue.

•
•
•
•

Definitions
•

•

•

Scope 3 emissions: Indirect emissions (CO₂,
CH₄, N₂O, HFCs, PFCs, SF₆, NF₃) that occur in
both upstream and downstream value chain,
outside our direct control
Emission factor: The amount of GHG
emitted per unit of material or activity (e.g.,
kg CO₂e/kg, kg CO₂e/€). Emission factors
are reviewed and updated annually
Environmentally Extended Input-Output
(EEIO): A method using economic data and
sectoral emission factors to estimate
emissions for indirect spend

Category 1: Purchased goods and services
90%
Category 3: Fuel and energy related
activities 100%
Category 4: Upstream transportation and
distribution 100%
Category 5: Waste generated in operations
100%

Category 1: Purchased goods and services
direct spend (production-related): Emissions
are calculated via supplier-specific cradle-togate emission factors if available. Where not
available, industry-average emission factors
from LCA databases (ecoinvent, WFLDB, Agrifootprint) are used. For remaining spend, we
extrapolate using weighted averages.
Indirect spend (non-production-related):
Calculated using EEIO emission factors (USEEIO,
DEFRA) applied to spend data for facility
management, digital and technology, and
technical services. Exclusions: capital goods,
water/waste management, mobility/hotels
Category 2: Capital goods: Emissions from
capital goods (mechanical equipment, civil
services, process controls, investments) are
calculated using spend-based methods with
industry-average EEIO emission factors.
Category 3: Fuel- and energy-related activities
(not included in Scope 1 or 2): Emissions from
extraction, production, and transport of fuels
and purchased energy. Calculated using activity

202

Compensation

data (fuel/energy purchased) and region or
country-specific emission factors. Includes
transmission and distribution (T&D) losses.
Category 4: Upstream transportation and
distribution: Emissions from transportation we
purchase (road, marine, ground, air, warehouse
storage. Shipment data is processed in
Transvoyant using the distance-based method
and remaining emissions are extrapolated
based on shipment volumes or spend data.
Category 5: Waste generated in operations:
Emissions from third-party treatment/disposal
of waste generated at our sites, such as
process and non-process hazardous or nonhazardous waste. Calculated using waste-type
specific methods and emission factors for each
treatment (e.g., landfill, incineration, recycling).
Category 6: Business travel: Emissions from air,
rail, car (taxi, rental, employee-owned), and
public transport. Major travel service providers
supply primary emissions data (covering ~73–
75% of travel), with extrapolation for full
coverage. Emission factors are from ecoinvent;
hotels emissions are disclosed under optional.
Category 7: Employee commuting: Calculated
via HR data on employee numbers, assumptions
on transport mode split (70% car, 30% public
transport), working days, and average commute
distance. Emission factors are from ecoinvent.
Category 8: Upstream leased assets: Emissions
from leased cars (supplier data) and offices
(from employee numbers, region, and average
office space per employee). Emission factors
are region-specific and based on ecoinvent.
Category 9: Downstream transportation and
distribution: Emissions from storage of sold

203

products in warehouses and distribution
centers (not owned/controlled by dsmfirmenich). Calculated using sales volumes and
emission factors for storage.
Category 10: Processing of sold products:
Emissions from the first downstream
processing step at the first off-taker of dsmfirmenich products. 100% of emissions from
mixing are conservatively allocated to dsmfirmenich products, using sales volumes and
energy mixing emission factors.
Category 11: Use of sold products: Emissions are
based on the metabolized fraction via productspecific carbon content and molecular
composition. Emissions are reported under
optional being indirect use phase emissions
Remaining emissions are in Category 12.
Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold
products: Emissions from waste disposal or
treatment of all products and packaging we sell
at end-of-life. Calculated via product volumes,
carbon content, packaging data, treatment
shares, and emission factors for each method.
Category 15: Investments: Emissions from
investments not already covered in Categories
1–14. Entities are evaluated for relevance;
emissions are calculated using net sales, dsmfirmenich sales share, and sector-specific
emission factors (from EEIO databases).
Non-relevant categories: Categories 13
(Downstream leased assets) and 14 (franchises)
as we do not have activities in these areas.

<

Sustainability Statements

Judgements and assumptions
•

•

•

•
•

Data quality: Supplier-specific emission
factors are prioritized and industry averages
used where necessary. Reviews are annual
or quarterly for supplier-specific factors
Extrapolation: Where data is incomplete,
emissions are extrapolated based on
purchased volume averages or spend.
Emission factor hierarchy: Used emission
factors are prioritized as follows: supplierspecific > weighted average > industry
average > in-house LCA model > proxy >
extrapolation. Uncertainty is highest where
extrapolation or proxies are used
Biogenic emissions: Reported separately if
relevant, in line with GHG Protocol and ESRS
Carbon credits/offsets: Only reductions
within the value chain are counted; external
offsets are not used for SBTi/ESRS
compliance except for net-zero residuals

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

Substances of (very High) Concern
Disclosure Requirements
•

E2-5 Substances of Concern and
substances of very High Concern

Substances of Concern (SoC) and substances
of very High Concern (SvHC) are reported in
accordance with the ESRS E2 Pollution
standard. They are disclosed in metric tons of
SoC and SvHC that leave the company’s
facilities as products, or as part of products or
services disaggregated by hazard class.

present at concentrations below 0.1% in any
product are excluded from the analysis.
Substances lacking standardized identifiers are
also excluded. For the purposes of reporting
and given the nature of our business, it is
assumed the mass volume of substances
purchased or produced is equivalent to the
mass volume present in products sold.
Judgements and assumptions
•

Definitions
•
•

•

•

Substance of Concern (SoC): A chemical
element or compound meeting the criteria
in Article 57 of REACH and/or classified in
Annex VI of CLP Regulation (EC No.
1272/2008) with relevant hazard statements
Substance of very High Concern (SvHC):
Substances identified on the ECHA
Candidate List under Article 59(1) of REACH
Main hazard class: Grouping of substances
by hazard statements, as described in ESRS
Annex II Table 2 on Terms defined in the
ESRS - Substances of Concern.

•

•

•

Calculation methodologies
•

Total mass volumes of SoC and SvHC are
determined by integrating product sales data
with detailed composition information from our
two main product data platforms. Substances
present in products are identified and
quantified using standardized chemical
identifiers, i.e., CAS-number, and are matched
against current regulatory lists to establish their
classification as SoC or SvHC. A materiality
threshold is applied, whereby substances

204

Sales volume equivalence: It is assumed
that the mass volume of substances
purchased/produced equals the mass
volume in products sold, given the nature of
dsm-firmenich’s business
Exclusion of samples: Samples are excluded
from reporting. The impact of this exclusion
has been judged to be low
Cut-off threshold: A 0.1% cut-off is applied
to focus on substances that materially
contribute to SoC/SvHC volume.
Quantitative assessment shows low impact
on overall results.
CAS number requirement: Only substances
with CAS numbers are included. The impact
of excluding substances without CAS
numbers is assessed and documented
internally.
Use of estimates: No estimates are used in
the reporting of SoC/SvHC
Identification of substance: Substances of
Concern are identified based on the hazard
statements included in Annex VI. The source
lists are updated throughout the year. For
the analysis the following lists are used:
SVHC candidate list downloaded October
31, 2025 from https://echa.europa.eu/cand
idate-list-table Hazardous substances
classification (SoC list) ATP21 from
https://echa.europa.eu/information-onchemicals/annex-vi-to-clp

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

SoC hazard class

Hazard statement

Art. 59(1) reach: candidate list (SVHC)

as per candidate list

Carcinogenic, cat. 1 and 2

H350, H351

Mutagenic, cat. 1 and 2

H340, H341

Reprotoxic, cat. 1 and 2

H360, H361

Persistent, bioaccumulative, toxic (PBT)

H440

Very persistent very bioaccumulative (vPvB)

H441

Persistent, mobile, toxic (PMT)

H450

Very persistent, very mobile (vPvM)

H451

Endocrine disruption: human health

H380, H381

Endocrine disruption: environment

H430, H431

Respiratory sensitization, cat. 1

H334

Skin sensitization, cat. 1

H317

Chronic hazard to the aquatic environment, cat. 1-4

H410, H411, H412, H413

Hazardous to the ozone layer

H420

Specific target organ toxicity - repeated exposure, cat. 1 and 2 (STOT RE)

H372, H373

Specific target organ toxicity – single exposure, cat. 1 and 2 (STOT SE)

H370, H371

>

Compensation

Biodiversity
Disclosure Requirements
•
•

E4-5 – Impact metrics related to
biodiversity and ecosystems change
Entity-specific metric on biodegradability

Environmental indicators are reported in
accordance with the ESRS E4 Biodiversity and
ecosystems standard. The company made a
commitment to have 90% of the washable
products ultimately biodegradable by 2030.
Related to this commitment our company is
disclosing the percentage of biodegradable raw
materials (readily and ultimately) of the total
portfolio.
Definitions
•

•

•

•

Biodegradation: the breakdown of organic
substances into simpler components by
microorganisms, which can be measured
through various tests with corresponding
OECD test protocols.
Ultimately biodegradable: the complete
biodegradation of a substance into its basic
elements, such as carbon dioxide, water,
and inorganic minerals, by microorganisms
under specified test conditions. To be
considered ultimately biodegradable, a
substance typically needs to break down by
at least 60% according to international
testing guidelines such as OECD 301.
Readily biodegradable: If 60% of
degradation is reached within a 10-day
window in a 28-day OECD 301 test period,
the material is considered readily
biodegradable.
Washable products: applications where
products are rinsed-off at the use phase or
end-of-life, leading to these products

205

entering the aquatic systems through
drainage.
Calculation methodologies

<

Sustainability Statements

Employee characteristics

•

Disclosure Requirements
•

The scope consists of the washable products in
the Perfumery & Beauty (P&B) Business Unit,
consisting of Fine Fragrance, Ingredients and
Beauty & Care business segments, and the
different application and subsegments of these
businesses where the products could be rinsed
off after usage at end-of-life.
The calculation and disclosure of the
percentage of ultimately biodegradable
products within the washable universe
leverages the OECD 301/302/310 standards.
Sales data for the in-scope products, and
product composition data are utilized.
Biodegradability is established at ingredient
level. If an ingredient is a mixture,
biodegradability is based on the percentage
(by weight) of biodegradable components in
the ingredient. Biodegradability is calculated by
multiplying each product’s sales volume by its
total composition of ingredients considered
ultimately biodegradable. The percentage is
calculated by summing these values and
dividing them by the total volume of the
washable universe.

•

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S1 Own workforce standard. The
company aims to provide transparent insight
into our employment practices, including the
measures used to promote workforce stability
and job security. The company also aims to
provide transparent information on gender
diversity at top management level.

•

Judgements and assumptions

•

Water (also called eau de ville, eau
déminéralisée): excluded from the scope as
it is an inorganic compound.
Items without test results: Items without
biodegradability test results are considered
not biodegradable.

•

Temporary employees (temporary
contracts): Temporary contracts are used
within the company to backfill absences
and temporary leave, cover peak workload
periods, and address country-specific
practices for probation periods. It also
includes all students, trainees and
internships.

Characteristics calculated and reported include
the employees:

Definitions
Own Workforce: Employees who are in an
employment relationship with the
undertaking (‘employees’) and nonemployees who are either individual
contractors supplying labor to the
undertaking (‘self-employed people’) or
people provided by undertakings primarily
engaged in ‘employment activities’ (NACE
Code N78).
Non-Employees: Non-employees in an
undertaking’s own workforce include both
individual contractors supplying labor to the
undertaking (“self-employed people”) and
people provided by undertakings primarily
engaged in “employment activities” (NACE
Code N78).
Permanent Employees: A permanent
employee is hired by a company with no
predetermined end date and typically
receives a full benefits package.

>

Calculation methodologies

•

•

Consolidated Financial Statements

Total training hours: hours trained on learning
platforms consumed by the own workforce.

Voluntary reporting on Total training hours

•

•

S1-6 – Characteristics of the undertaking’s
employees
S1-9 – Diversity metrics

>

•

•

•

By gender distribution (male, female and not
disclosed)
By geographical distribution, by significant
country
By employment type which includes
contract type namely: permanent,
temporary, non-guaranteed hours and nonintegrated- acquisitions
Diversity indicators (executives,
management, other and non-integrated
acquisitions)
By age bracket (<30 years, 30–50 years,
>50 years and unknown)

Judgements and assumptions
•

•

Significant countries: countries where the
company has at least 50 employees which
is at least 10% of the total employee count.
Management levels: Executives are Vice
Presidents, Presidents, and C-suite officers,
with some minor exceptions. Management
are Directors, Managers, and Experts, with
some minor exceptions. Other refers to all
other employees.

Compensation

EES, inclusion, and GMT diversity

•

Disclosure Requirements
•
•

•

S1-5 – Targets related to managing material
negative impacts, advancing positive
impacts, and managing material risks and
opportunities
S1-9 – Diversity metrics

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S1 Own workforce. The company
aims to provide transparent insight into
employment practices, including the measures
used to promote workforce diversity, equity
and inclusion (DE&I).
Definitions
•

•

Employee Engagement Survey (EES): People
are prioritized and encouraged to voice
their views through various platforms,
including the annual Employee Engagement
Survey and regular feedback mechanisms.
These efforts provide insights on
engagement, inclusion, and integration,
helping address issues proactively. The EES
includes specific questions which are
grouped to analyze the results in specific
topics such as employee engagement,
intention to stay, inclusion, unity and people
management which are also disclosed. The
number of participants in the EES is
measured to calculate the participation
rate.
Global Management Team (GMT) List:
Includes members of the Executive
Committee, Job Bands B-E, TTH Creators in
Job Band F, LTI-eligible employees in Job
Band F.

206

GMT Diversity: The process of identifying
and tagging employees who are within the
GMT list.
Employee Engagement and Inclusion:
Employee Engagement and Inclusion are
measured annually as part of the EES,
including scores for employees selfidentifying as minorities. Regular surveys,
meetings, and feedback sessions support
focused action planning across Business
Units. Results and target levels are reported
post factum in the Compensation report to
drive a workplace where everyone feels
valued and heard.

Calculation methodologies
The method of processing and reporting
Engagement & GMT diversity metrics involves
the collaboration of several key roles within the
organization.
Engagement surveys: Employee Engagement
survey results are shared across all layers of the
organization. Effectiveness of surveys is
assessed by comparing survey results with
previous years. Additional surveys capture
employee and manager feedback at key
lifecycle stages (namely recruitment,
onboarding, anniversaries, and exit) providing
evidence-based decisions to enhance
engagement and retention.
The Employee Central report containing the
population of employees in the company is the
basis for the GMT listing, with the exclusion of
certain countries like Belgium, Denmark, and
Spain, as per the local regulations.

<

Sustainability Statements

GMT Diversity (LTI Calculation): Ethnicity is
mapped into three groups – ‘western
European,’ ‘non‑western‑European,’ and ‘chose
not to respond’ - in the EES.
Inclusion Index: The Inclusion Index involves
three core questions namely, a sense of
belonging, value of perspectives, and fair
treatment at dsm-firmenich. The percentage of
favorable responses is determined for each
question. The overall Inclusion Index is
calculated and compared against a target.
Results are reported to relevant senior leaders.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Judgements and assumptions
•

•

•

Exclusions GMT list: Specific
regions/employees are excluded from the
GMT Listing population due to local country
law restrictions, these include Belgium,
Denmark and Spain.
Exclusions EES: Certain employees were
excluded from the EES due to specific
regulations or ongoing integration activities.
The exclusions represent less than 2% of
the workforce.
Inclusion index: With regards to the
Inclusion index, the rating scale is verified
and if missing data is less than 5%, the
Inclusion score can be taken as accurate. If
missing data is more than 5%, manual
calculations are performed.

Compensation

Health and safety
Disclosure requirements
•
•
•

S1-5 – Targets related to Own workforce
S1-14 – Health and safety metrics
Entity-specific metrics related to Health
and safety

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S1 Own workforce as well as
entity-specific metrics related to Health and
safety, following internal reporting definitions.
Definitions
TRIR-all: Total Recordable Incident Rate for
all employees and contractors, per 100 FTE
(200,000 hours).
•
Health-rate-all: Frequency of all recordable
health incidents (own + contractors) per
100 FTE.
•
PSI rate: Process Safety Incident rate per
100 FTE.
•
Contractor: Non-supervised contractors
performing work on dsm-firmenich
premises.
•
Recordable incident: As defined by OSHA
and ICCA, including injuries, occupational
illnesses, and process safety events.
Calculation methodologies
•

SHE incidents are reported in internal systems,
using a classification matrix based on OSHA for
safety and health, and ICCA for process safety.
Incidents are reviewed for completeness and
accuracy.
FTE numbers for employees are reported
according to ESRS S1-6. FTE numbers for
contractors are based on actual numbers from

207

gate logs, manual registration or invoices, or, if
not available, reasonable estimates.
The company target on safety as well as the
incident rates are calculated on a 100-man-day
basis and exclude recent acquisitions. These
are described as ‘entity-specific metrics’
following the approach defined in ESRS. These
metrics have similar definitions to the ESRSaligned metrics reported on the basis of
1,000,000 hours.
All incident rates are reported on a monthly
basis internally on a rolling 12-month basis, and
externally for the full calendar year.
Judgements and assumptions
•

•

•

Work-related incidents: Incidents are
judged to be work-related if an event or
exposure in the work environment
contributes to the condition. This requires
judgement in borderline cases (e.g., travel
status, home office injuries).
Incident rate calculations: Rates are
normalized to 100 FTEs = 200,000 hours
based on 8 hours/day and 20.83 working
days/month. This can be multiplied by five
to align with the ESRS basis of 1,000,000
hours.
Classification of cases: Cases are classified
based on expert judgement. This is
particularly relevant where cases may be
near the threshold, such as first aid or
medical aid cases, or repeated exposure
(health) or single acute events (safety).

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Collective bargaining

Calculation methodologies

Disclosure requirements

Collective bargaining agreement coverage by
region is determined based on country-level
coverage reported through the regional human
resources organization.

•

S1-8 – Collective bargaining coverage and
social dialogue

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S1 Own workforce standard. The
company aims to provide transparent insight
into our employment practices, including the
measures used to promote workforce stability
and job security. The company aims to provide
understanding of the coverage of collective
bargaining agreements and social dialogue for
the undertaking’s employees.
Definitions
•

Collective bargaining agreements: As per
the Annex II of the Delegated Regulation,
collective bargaining agreements refer to all
negotiations conducted between:

•

An employer, a group of employers, or one
or more employers’ organizations; and
0ne or more trade unions, or—where trade
unions are absent—duly elected and
authorized workers’ representatives, in
accordance with applicable national laws
and regulations, for the purpose of
determining working conditions and terms
of employment; and/or regulating relations
between employers and workers; and/or
regulating relations between employers or
their organizations and a workers'
organization or workers' organizations.

•

>

As no European Economic Area (EEA) countries
at dsm-firmenich meet the ESRS thresholds,
the total EEA percentage is reported.
Judgements and assumptions
Coverage rate: Reported percentages are based
on reporting by countries covering 89% of total
headcount. For the purposes of this calculation,
countries that have not reported a percentage
are assumed to have no collective bargaining
agreement in place.

Compensation

Compensation-related metrics
Disclosure requirements
•
•

S1-10 Adequate wages (voluntary)
S1-16 Compensation metrics (pay gap and
annual total remuneration ratio)

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S1 Own Workforce standard.
The company provides for its employees and
their families by securing a decent standard of
living for them. That is why the company has
committed to paying a living wage to all
employees in our own operations, as well as
fostering an inclusive workplace where all
employees are rewarded equitably.
Definitions
•

•

•

•

•

Adequate Wages: a wage that provides for
the satisfaction of the needs of the worker
and his/her family in the light of national
economic and social conditions.
Living wage: the wage required to purchase
the goods and services needed to meet a
minimum acceptable living standard for
workers and their families.
Unadjusted Gender pay gap: the difference
between what men typically earn overall in
an organization compared to women,
irrespective of their role or seniority.
Adjusted gender pay gap: the difference
between what men typically earn overall in
an organization compared to women, taking
into account their role or seniority.
Annual total remuneration ratio: the ratio of
the annual total compensation for the
organization’s highest-paid individual (the
CEO) to the median annual total
compensation for all permanent dsm-

208

firmenich employees (excluding the
highest-paid individual).

<

Sustainability Statements

The total renumeration of the highest paid
person includes:
•
•

Adequate wages: Wage data, consisting of base
salary and if applicable other guaranteed
elements, is extracted and compared against
the WageIndicator minimum wage benchmarks,
confirming that no employee is paid below the
benchmark level.

•
•

The actual paid base salary in the RFY
The STI paid in the RFY year related to the
RFY-1
The LTI PSU grant times the fair value IFRS
price per PSU
The actual employer social charges (Pension
+ social security cost) and benefits paid in
RFY
•

Gender Pay Gap: Gender pay gap is calculated
using the remuneration components: Annual
base salary, STI, Prime, LTI, social security,
pension and benefits in kind.
Adjusted gender pay gap: Weighted average of
the gender pay gap taking into account the
employee categories based on job bands.
Annual total remuneration ratio: The
remuneration ratio is calculated on the
Reference date (i.e., 31 December) of the
relevant financial year (‘RFY’). Only permanent
employees of a consolidated dsm-firmenich
subsidiary on the Reference date are
considered; there are no corrections for hires or
terminations during the year, nor for the impact
of any M&A activities closed during the year.
Compensation for part-time employees is
extrapolated to represent full-time equivalent
figures.

To calculate the denominator of the
remuneration ratio, the total annual
remuneration (in EUR) per employee, excluding
the highest paid employee (the CEO) is
calculated. This total includes Annual base
salary, STI, Prime, LTI, social security, pension
and benefits in kind. Once the total
remuneration is calculated, the median value
from the dataset is determined. This value is
the denominator of the remuneration ratio.

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Judgements and assumptions
•

Calculation methodologies

>

•

•

Employee Headcount: calculations for these
metrics is based on the year-end workforce.
Employees who have joined or left the
company during the period are not included
in the calculations due to incomplete data.
Non-integrated acquisitions (not integrated
into central HR systems) and support staff
such as trainees, students, interns,
apprentices are not taken into account.
Living wage benchmark: The living wage is
based on the typical family size of 2 adults
and number of dependents adjusted to
national fertility rate and employment rate
statistics. Price data at the 25th percentile.
Currency conversion: Currency conversions
used are the average exchange rates as
used in the preparation of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Remuneration ratio: Social security
contributions (Employer part), Employer
contributions to company pension plans
and benefits in kind are included for the
CEO on actual basis and for other
employees based on a multiplier.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

Human rights reporting

Calculation methodologies

Procurement related metrics

Disclosure requirements

Incidents complaints and severe human rights
impacts: Incidents that breach human rights
standards can be reported directly to local HR
contacts, line managers, legal partners or the
business ethics team. Reports can also be
submitted anonymously through the Speak Up
platform, which is operated by an external
provider and is accessible 24/7.

Disclosure requirements

•

S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe
human rights impacts

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S1 Own Workforce standard.
The company is committed to the highest
standards in Human Rights, ensuring that
people and communities are treated with
dignity and respect.
Definitions
•

Code of Business Ethics: Outlines the
company’s values and commitments to
each other, communities, and the planet. It
is both a reference document and a dayto-day manual, guiding the company’s
people on how to do and do not conduct
business. The company’s Code is universal.
It applies globally to everyone in the
company.

209

All investigations into allegations reported via
Speak Up are conducted impartially and are
reported to the Group Ethics Committee at
least once a quarter.

ESRS 2 – Entity-specific metric
S2 – Entity-specific metric
Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S2 Workers in the Value Chain
standard. The company is committed to
empowering all suppliers towards responsible
sourcing practices.
Definitions and calculation methodologies
•

In addition to the Speak Up platform, the
company runs an Employee Engagement
Survey every year in which employees can
provide their anonymous feedback.
Judgements and assumptions
•

Incident data: Data is based on selfreporting and therefore may not capture all
incidents.

Spend coverage with transparency
platforms: The assessment and audit of
procurement direct and indirect suppliers
for the spend coverage was performed
using EcoVadis ratings, Sedex SMETA,
EcoVadis Vitals, TfS audits, and B Corp
certifications. All suppliers are considered
with the exclusion of NGOs, government
agencies/offices, customs authorities,
research institutes, schools, universities,
individuals as these certifications are not
relevant for these suppliers.

•

•

•

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Suppliers average EcoVadis score: The
calculation method is a weighted average
based on supplier spend and the overall
score on EcoVadis rating.
Spend coverage by suppliers with SBTi –
validated targets: Covers direct and indirect
procurement suppliers spend with SBTi
status “target set”. Calculated as % of rolling
12-month total group procurement spend
realized with a supplier with a “target set”
SBTi status.
Share of suppliers with human rights risks
trained: Tracks which suppliers have
completed human rights training through
EcoVadis or TfS Academies, or those who
have demonstrated minimum 10 points
improvement in their EcoVadis Human
Rights pillar score. The KPI specifically
targets suppliers which were
underperforming (<60pts) as of January 1st,
2025, on the EcoVadis Human Rights pillar,
considering both formal training or 10pts
score improvement as valid evidence of
enhanced human rights awareness and
compliance. The performance includes
those trained in 2024 (baseline) and 2025.

Compensation

Share of Procurement staff members trained on
Responsible Sourcing stakes: Measures the
percentage of the procurement staff
community (hires included until October 2025)
that has completed Responsible Sourcing
training since January 2024. These training
sessions were developed internally based on
external platforms such as TfS, WBSCD or
UNCG and customized to the company’s
internal objectives. It covers key topics such as
supplier sustainability standards, human rights,
ethical sourcing, risk identification, and the use
of the Responsible Sourcing dashboard,
ensuring that procurement professionals are
equipped with the knowledge and tools to drive
responsible sourcing practices across the
organization.
Certified raw materials at source: The number
of raw materials codes fully certified at source.
It relies on two separate lists that are updated
annually. First, the raw materials to be certified
list, which is defined each year based on
business requests or requirements arising from
due-diligence remediation plans. Second, the
list of accepted standards, which is reviewed
annually and built on internationally recognized
schemes, aligned with client expectations and
informed by relevant sector benchmarks and
IUCN biodiversity-standards work. Only raw
materials codes appearing on the list and
certified according to the accepted standards
list are counted in this indicator.

Judgements and assumptions
•

•

Reliance on third party data: It is assumed
that the data collected from third-party
sources, supplier self-assessments, and onsite evaluations are accurate and reliable.
Incident data: Data is based on selfreporting and therefore may not capture all
incidents. If employees fear retaliation, it
may lead to underreporting of violations.

<

Sustainability Statements

Responsibly sourced key natural ingredients
Disclosure requirements
•

S2-3 – Actions and resources related to
workers in the value chain

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S2 Workers in the Value Chain
standard.
The company made a commitment to
complete the naturals sourcing program for
100% by 2030. As the company works towards
this target it aims to consistently provide
visibility into supplier sustainability
performance across business units.
Definitions
•

•

Key natural ingredients: Ingredients that are
assessed periodically for a combination of:
•
Risk level
•
Either found in or produced by nature
•
Considered a priority by the Business
Units and customers
Naturals sourcing program completion rate:
completion of due diligence framework for a
value chain on key natural ingredients
responsibly sourced

Naturals sourcing program completion rate:
calculated as value chains (ingredient ×
country) completed the due diligence
framework (risk screening, assessment, action
plans, monitoring, report) divided by the total
number of value chains in the 2030 roadmap.
An annual review of in-scope key natural
ingredients is performed with the Business

210

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Units, based on risk and business criticality, to
define the denominator.
Desktop due diligence applies to all categories
(including Naturals), leveraging external
platforms (EcoVadis, SMETA, UEBT, etc.). Onsite due diligence is focused on Natural
ingredients.
On-site due diligence is performed on key
ingredients with due diligence reports
disclosed. Salient risks are addressed by,
among others, supplier-level action plans,
coalitions, and projects at source. A key
requirement, in line with international
guidelines, is to ensure risks are acknowledged
and action plan defined. Partnerships leveraged
include UN Global Compact, UEBT and sourcing
coalitions with NGOs.
The stages of the due diligence framework:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

Desktop risk screening & assessment
Risk mitigation & prioritization
Pre & on-site assessment
Prevention, mitigation & remediation
Monitoring, handover & ongoing learning
External communications & reporting

Judgements and assumptions
•

Calculation methodologies

>

Reliance on platforms: It is assumed that the
data collected from third-party platforms is
accurate and reliable. Platforms have been
reviewed and assessed as fit for purpose.

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

Nutrition improvement

Calculation methodologies

Judgements and assumptions

Disclosure Requirements

The reporting of number of lives reached
(‘person’ or people) by dsm-firmenich solutions
addressing micronutrient deficiencies are
based on sales data of the specific solutions in
scope. These solutions are classified under 7
product sub-categories

•

•

S4-4 Targets related to consumers and
end-users

Social indicators are reported in accordance
with the ESRS S4 Consumers and end-users.
The company is committed to “Reducing the
Micronutrient Gap of 1 billion people by 2030”.
Definitions
•
•

•

•

•

211

Premix price: Average annual price of the
Premix (vitamin-mineral blend).
Premix fortification/inclusion rate:
Percentage of premix added to the food
product by weight.
Intake per person: Annual amount of
product consumed per individual as per
guidelines provided by United Nations
Children’s Fund (UNICEF), Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development
(OECD), United Nations International
Multiple Micronutrient Antenatal
Preparation Multiple Micronutrient
Supplements (UNIMMAP MMS), World
Health Organization (WHO).
Compliance rate: Measures the extent to
which individuals comply with prescribed
product consumption guidelines and
protocols established by recognized
authorities, including the National Library of
Medicine (NLM), World Food Programme
(WFP), OECD, South African 2003
Regulations on Fortification of Foodstuffs,
and the Global Fortification Data Exchange
(GFDx).
Cost per unit of intervention: Annual cost of
delivery of the fortified ingredient per
person per product category.

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Emergency & Therapeutics (E&T)
Fortified Rice Kernels (FRK)
Staple Food Fortification (SFF)
Oil Fortification (OF)
Multiple Micronutrient Supplements (MMS)
Multiple Micronutrient Powders (MNP)
Vitamin A Capsules.

Annual Nutrition Improvement (NI) sales are
extracted from the financial reporting system
and split by product subcategory based on NI
customer classification. Financial assumptions
for key variables are validated annually. In these
reviews, each variable’s values are checked
each year. The cost of intervention per person
is then calculated by applying the premix price
to the assumed intake per person.
The calculation of people is obtained by
dividing the sales per subcategory by the cost
of intervention. The total number of people is
obtained by summing up the people through
each subcategory.

•

•

•

•

Subcategory-specific variables: Each
product subcategory uses annually
validated financial and non-financial
variables — such as premix price, inclusion
rate, annual intake, and compliance rate —
to calculate cost per intervention, which
determines the total number of lives
reached.
Overlap: Each sub-category, or intervention,
targets a specific group of beneficiaries
(people) in specific geographies and with
specific needs. It is considered unlikely that
beneficiaries will receive products from
multiple sub-categories. Based on this, we
assume no overlap between the subcategories.
Calculation assumptions: Each subcategory
utilizes assumptions to arrive at the cost of
intervention for each subcategory and leads
to the number of lives reached annually.
Each sub-category relies on a combination
of assumptions and judgements based on
third-party information sources and/or
internal expert judgement. Every
assumption is subject to review.
Reach: reach is based on annual
performance. It is not cumulated year-onyear.
Methodology update: In 2025, the
methodology was updated to include sales
to smaller customers (<€100,000), and to
calculate Oil Fortification separately from
Staple Food Fortification.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

Bribery and corruption

Judgements and assumptions

Disclosure requirements

•

•

G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption and
bribery

•

Governance indicators are reported in
accordance with the ESRS G1 Business conduct
standard.
The company is committed to maintaining the
highest standards of business conduct and
ethics. The company has a zero tolerance for
bribery and corruption, ensuring all business
activities are conducted transparently and
ethically.

•

Calculation methodologies
Confirmed incidents of corruption and bribery:
Incidents of corruption and bribery can be
reported directly to local HR contacts, line
managers, legal partners or the business ethics
team. Reports can also be submitted through
our Speak Up platform, which is operated by an
external provider, allows for anonymous
reporting, and is accessible 24/7. All
investigations into allegations reported via
Speak Up are conducted impartially and are
reported to the Group Ethics Committee at
least once a quarter.

212

•

Incident data: Data is based on selfreporting and therefore may not capture all
incidents.
Gifts and entertainment: These must be,
among others, reasonable, proportionate
and appropriate in the circumstances. They
can never be provided in cash or cash
equivalents (such as gift certificates or
vouchers) and must comply with internal
standards.
Sponsorships and donations: Donations on
behalf of dsm-firmenich are allowed and
should aim to generate a positive impact on
the communities in which we operate.
Receiving donations and sponsorships is
only permitted under certain
circumstances. In any case, when giving or
receiving donations or sponsorships,
internal standards must be complied with.
The company’s business activities and
public positions are strictly non-political in
all circumstances. The company does not
publicly endorse, financially support, or
donate to any political party, candidate, or
any religious organizations. dsm-firmenich
respects its employees’ right to engage in
the political process – but only on an
individual basis, not as representatives of
the company.
Relationships with third parties: Are
permitted if they comply with the internal
standards.

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

2. ESRS content index
ESRS 2 general disclosures
DR
BP-1
BP-2

Requirement
General basis for preparation of sustainability
Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances

Reference
General information > Basis of preparation
General information > Basis of preparation

GOV-1

The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies

General information > Governance

GOV-2

Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s
administrative, management and supervisory bodies

General information > Governance

GOV-3

Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes

General information > Governance > Sustainability-related performance measures in incentive schemes

GOV-4

Statement on due diligence

General information > Statement on Due Diligence

GOV-5

Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting

General information > Risk management over sustainability reporting

SBM-1
SBM-2

Strategy, business model and value chain
Interests and views of stakeholders
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business
model

General information > Our value chain model
General information > Stakeholder engagement

SBM-3
IRO-1

Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities

IRO-2

Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement

General information > IROs underpinning the material topics
General information > Impact, risk, and opportunity (IRO) management
Environmental information > Climate Change > Resilience analysis
Environmental information > Biodiversity and ecosystems > DIRO assessment methodology and findings
ESRS content index

ESRS E1 Climate Change
DR
E1-1
E1-2

Requirement
Transition plan for climate change mitigation
Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation

Reference
Environmental information> Climate Change > Strategy
General information > Policies

E1-3
E1-4

Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies
Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation

E1-5

Energy consumption and mix

E1-6
E1-7
E1-8

Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions
GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits
Internal carbon pricing
Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential
climate-related opportunities

Environmental information > Climate change > Actions and resources
Environmental information > Climate change > Metrics and targets
Environmental information > Climate change > Reducing our operational emissions – Scope 1 & 2
Environmental information > Climate change > Energy consumption
Environmental information > Climate change > Greenhouse gas emissions
Environmental information > Climate change > Removals and carbon credits
Environmental information > Climate change > Internal carbon pricing

E1-9

213

Transitional provision

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

ESRS E2 Pollution
DR
E2-1
E2-2
E2-3
E2-4
E2-5
E2-6

Requirement
Policies related to pollution
Actions and resources related to pollution
Targets related to pollution
Pollution of air, water and soil
Substances of concern and substances of very high concern
Anticipated financial effects from pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities

Reference
General information > Policies
Environmental information > Pollution > Actions and resources
Environmental information > Pollution > Metrics and targets
Not material - voluntary disclosure
Environmental information > Pollution > Metrics and targets
Transitional provision

ESRS E3 Water and marine resources
DR
E3-1
E3-2
E3-3
E3-4
E3-5

Requirement
Policies related to water and marine resources
Actions and resources related to water and marine resources
Targets related to water and marine resources
Water consumption
Anticipated financial effects from water and marine resources-related impacts, risks and
opportunities

Reference
General information > Policies
Environmental information > Water and marine resources > Actions and resources
Environmental information > Water and marine resources > Metrics and targets
Environmental information > Water and marine resources > Water use
Transitional provision

ESRS E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems
DR
E4-1
E4-2
E4-3
E4-4
E4-5
E4-6

214

Requirement
Transition plan and consideration of biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy and
business model
Policies related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Actions and resources related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change
Anticipated financial effects from biodiversity and ecosystem-related risks and
opportunities

Reference
Environmental information > Biodiversity and ecosystems > Strategy
General information > Policies
Environmental information > Biodiversity and ecosystems > Actions and resources
Environmental information > Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Environmental information > Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Transitional provision

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

ESRS S1 Own workforce
DR
S1-1
S1-2

Requirement
Policies related to own workforce
Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts

S1-3

Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns

S1-6
S1-7
S1-8

Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and
effectiveness of those actions
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
Characteristics of non-employee workers in the undertaking’s own workforce
Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue

S1-9

Diversity metrics

S1-10

Adequate wages

S1-11
S1-12
S1-13
S1-14
S1-15
S1-16

Social protection
Persons with disabilities
Training and skills development metrics
Health and safety metrics
Work-life balance metrics
Compensation metrics (pay gap and total compensation)

S1-17

Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts

S1-4
S1-5

Reference
General information > Policies
Social information > Own workforce > Actions and resources
Social information > Own workforce > Incidents and human rights impacts
Governance information > Business conduct
Social information > Own workforce > Actions and resources
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Characteristics of our employees
Transitional provision
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Collective bargaining
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Diversity metrics
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Inclusion and belonging
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Compensation-related metrics (voluntarily
reported)
Not material
Not material
Transitional provision (total training hours voluntarily reported)
Social Information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Safety and Health
Transitional provision
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Compensation-related metrics
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets > Incidents and human rights impacts
Governance information > Business conduct

ESRS S2 Workers in the value chain
DR
S2-1

Requirement
Policies related to value chain workers

S2-2

Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts

S2-3
S2-4
S2-5

215

Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise
concerns
Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to managing
material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value chain workers, and
effectiveness of those action
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities

Reference
General information > Policies
Social information > Workers in the value chain > Actions and resources
General information > Stakeholder management > Engaging with our supply chain
Social information > Workers in the value chain > Actions and resources
Governance Information > Business conduct
Social information > Workers in the value chain > Actions and resources
General information> Stakeholder management > Engaging with our supply chain
Social information > Workers in the value chain > Metrics and targets
General information > Engaging with our supply chain > Metrics and targets (entity-specific)

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

ESRS S4 Consumers and end-users
DR
S4-1

Requirement
Policies related to consumers and end-users

S4-2

Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about impacts

S4-3
S4-4
S4-5

Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to
raise concerns
Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to consumers and
end-users, and effectiveness of those actions
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities

Reference
General information > Policies
Social information > Consumers and end-users > Actions and resources
General information > Stakeholder management
Governance information > Business conduct
Social information > Consumers and end-users > Actions and resources
Social information > Consumers and end-users > Metrics and targets (entity-specific)

ESRS G1 Business Conduct
DR
G1-1

Requirement
Corporate culture and business conduct policies and corporate culture

Reference

G1-3
G1-4

Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery

Governance information > Business conduct > Identifying and managing bribery and corruption risks
Governance information > Business conduct > Metrics and targets (voluntarily reported)

216

General information > Policies

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

ESRS datapoints derived from other EU legislation
DR

Related datapoint

Paragraph
21 (d)
21 (e)
40 (d) i
40 (d) ii
40 (d) iii
40 (d) iv

GOV-4
E1-1
E1-1
E1-4
E1-5
E1-5
E1-5

Board's gender diversity
Percentage of Board members who are independent
Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities
Involvement in activities related to chemical production
Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons
Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production of tobacco
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model
Statement on due diligence
Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050
Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned Benchmarks
GHG emission reduction targets
Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by sources
Energy consumption and mix
Energy intensity associated with activities in high climate impact sectors

E1-6

Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions

E1-6
E1-7

GOV-1
GOV-1
SBM-1
SBM-1
SBM-1
SBM-1
SBM-3

30
14
16 (g)
34
38
37
s 40 to 43






44

Gross GHG emissions intensity

s 53 to 55

GHG removals and carbon credits

56

E2-5
E3-1
E3-1
E3-4

Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks and
potential climate-related opportunities
Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation
emitted to air, water and soil
Substances of concern and high concern
Water and marine resources
Sustainable oceans and seas
Total water recycled and reused

E3-4

Total water consumption in m3 per net revenue on own operations

E4-2
E4-4
E4-5
E5-5
E5-5

Policies related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Non-recycled waste
Hazardous waste and radioactive waste

E1-9
E2-4

217

SFDR

Benchmark
Regulation







Climate
law





















66



28



32
9
14
28 (c)





29



20
29
33
37 (d)
39

Pillar 3





Location
General information > Governance
General information > Governance
Not material
Not material
Not material
Not material
General information > IROs underpinning the material
topics
General information > Statement on Due Diligence
Climate change > Strategy
Climate change > Strategy
Climate change > Metrics and targets
Climate change > Metrics and targets > Energy
Climate change > Metrics and targets > Energy
Climate change > Metrics and targets > Energy
Climate change > Metrics and targets > Greenhouse gas
emissions
Climate change > Metrics and targets > Greenhouse gas
emissions
Climate change > Metrics and targets > Removals and
carbon credits
Transitional provisions
Appendix > Additional voluntary reporting
Pollution > Metrics and targets
General information > Policies
Not material
Not material
Water and marine resources > Metrics and targets >
Water use
General information > Policies
Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Appendix > Additional voluntary reporting
Appendix > Additional voluntary reporting

>

Compensation

DR
S1-1

Related datapoint

S1-1
S1-1
S1-3

Human rights policy commitments
Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental
International Labor Organisation Conventions 1 to 8
processes and measures for preventing trafficking in human beings
workplace accident prevention policy or management system
grievance/complaints handling mechanisms

S1-14

Number of fatalities and number and rate of work-related accidents

S1-14

S1-1

Paragraph

SFDR

20



21

Pillar 3

<

Benchmark
Regulation

Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness

88 (e)



S1-16

Unadjusted gender pay gap

97 (a)



S1-16

Excessive CEO pay ratio

97 (b)



S1-17

Incidents of discrimination

103 (a)



S1-17

Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD guidelines

104 (a)





S2-1
S2-1
S2-1

17
18
19







19



36



S4-1
S4-1
S4-4
G1-1
G1-1

Human rights policy commitments
Policies related to value chain workers
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD guidelines
Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental
International Labor Organisation Conventions 1 to 8
Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches
to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to
value chain workers, and effectiveness of those actions
Policies related to consumers and end-users
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD guidelines
Human rights issues and incidents
United Nations Convention against Corruption
Protection of whistle- blowers

16
17
35
10 (b)
10 (d)





G1-4

Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws

24 (a)



G1-4

Standards of anti- corruption and anti- bribery

24 (b)



218

Consolidated Financial Statements

Location

General information > Policies






S2-4

Climate
law

>

General information > Policies

22
23
32 (c)
88 (b) and
(c)

S2-1

Sustainability Statements







General information > Policies
General information > Policies
Governance information > Business conduct
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets
> Safety and Health
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets
> Safety and Health
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets
> Compensation-related metrics
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets
> Compensation-related metrics
Social information > Own workforce > Metrics and targets
> Incidents and human rights impacts
Governance information > Business conduct
Social information > Own workforce > Actions and
resources > Human Rights
General information > Policies
General information > Policies
General information > Policies
Social information > Workers in the value chain > Actions
and resources
Social information > Workers in the value chain > Actions
and resources







General information > Policies
Not material
Not material
General information > Policies
General information > Policies
Business conduct > Metrics and targets (vvoluntarily
reported)
Business conduct > Incidents of corruption and bribery

>

Compensation

3. Swiss Code of Obligations
The mapping table provides guidance on how
dsm-firmenich has reported in alignment with
the Swiss Code of Obligations. The
Sustainability Report, as described in Article
964b CO, consists of all the information within
the Sustainability Statements chapter.

<

Sustainability Statements

Swiss Code of Obligations article 964b

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Sustainability Statements section

1. The report on non-financial matters shall cover environmental matters, in particular the
CO2 goals, social issues, employee-related issues, respect for human rights and
combating corruption. The report shall contain the information required to understand the
business performance, the business result, the state of the undertaking and the effects of
its activity on these non-financial matters.
2. The report shall include in particular:
1.

a description of the business model;

2. a description of the policies adopted in relation to the matters referred to in
paragraph 1, including the due diligence applied;

General information > Policies

3. a presentation of the measures taken to implement these policies and an
assessment of the effectiveness of these measures;

The sections on Impact, risk and opportunity management in:
Environmental information
Social information
Governance information

4. a description of the main risks related to the matters referred to in
paragraph 1 and how the undertaking is dealing with these risks; in particular
it shall cover risks:
that arise from the undertaking's own business operations, and
provided this is relevant and proportionate, that arise from its business
relationships, products or services;

General information > IROs underpinning the material topics
The sections on Impact, risk and opportunity management in:
Environmental information
Social information
Governance information

5. the main performance indicators for the undertaking's activities in relation
to the matters referred to in paragraph 1.

The sections on Metrics and targets in :
Environmental information
Social information
Governance information

3. If the report is based on national, European or international regulations, such as the
principles laid down by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development
(OECD) in particular, the regulations applied must be mentioned in the report. In applying
such regulations, it must be ensured that all the requirements of this Article are met. If
necessary, a supplementary report must be prepared.

219

General information > Our value chain

General information > Basis of preparation

>

Compensation

4. Swiss Ordinance on Climate Matters
The mapping table provided opposite provides
guidance on how dsm-firmenich has reported
with regard to the Swiss Ordinance on Climate
Matters, which came into force on January 1,
2024. These disclosures are based on the TCFD
Requirements.
5. Swiss Ordinance on Due Diligence and
Transparency in relation to Minerals and
Metals from Conflict-Affected Areas and
Child Labour
We have assessed our exposure to the minerals
and metals specified in Annex I of the Swiss
Ordinance. We do not meet the thresholds and
have concluded that we are exempted from
due diligence and reporting obligations.
Our detailed reporting and due diligence on
child labor as per the Swiss ordinance can be
found in the separate Human rights report.

220

Elements
Governance

Strategy

<

Sustainability Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

Recommended disclosures

References in this report

1. Management’s oversight on climate-related risks and opportunities

General information > Governance

2. Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and
opportunities

Climate change > Strategy

1. Description of climate-related risks and opportunities

Climate change > Strategy

2. Impact of climate-related risks on the company’s business activities
and strategic and financial planning

Climate change > Strategy
Climate change > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Climate change > Strategy

3. Resilience of the organization’s strategy
1. The company’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related
risks
Risk
2. The company’s processes for managing climate-related risks
management
3. Integration of processes for identifying, assessing and managing
climate-related risks into the company’s general risk management system

Metrics
and targets

>

Climate change > Strategy
Climate change > Strategy
Climate change > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Climate change > Strategy

1. Metrics with which the company assesses climate-related risks and
opportunities

Climate change > Metrics and targets

2. Disclosure of Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions

Climate change > Metrics and targets

3. Targets used to manage climate-related opportunities and risks against
performance

Climate change > Metrics and targets

>

Compensation

6. Taskforce for Nature-related Financial
Disclosures
The mapping table provided opposite guidance
on how dsm-firmenich has incorporated the
TNFD recommendations into our reporting
approach.

Pillar

Governance

Strategy

221

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

References in this report

A. Board oversight of Nature-related dependencies,
impacts, risks, and opportunities (DIROs)

General information > Governance

B. Management’s role in assessing and managing
nature-related DIROs

General information > Governance

C. Human rights policies and engagement activities

General information > Policies
General information > Stakeholder engagement

A. Identified DIROs

Biodiversity and ecosystems > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Water and marine resources > Impact, risk and opportunity management

B. Effect of DIROs on business model, value chain,
strategy and financial planning, including transition
plans

D. Priority locations in direct operation,

Metrics
and targets

Sustainability Statements

Recommended disclosures

C. Resilience to nature-related risks and opportunities

Risk
management

<

A. Process for identifying, assessing and prioritizing
nature-related DIROS in:
i. Direct operations
ii. Upstream and downstream value chains
B. Process for monitoring nature-related DIROs

Biodiversity and ecosystems > Strategy
Biodiversity and ecosystems > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Water and marine resources > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Biodiversity and ecosystems > Strategy
Biodiversity and ecosystems > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Water and marine resources > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Biodiversity and ecosystems > Impact, risk and opportunity management
Water and marine resources > Impact, risk and opportunity management

Biodiversity and ecosystems > Impact, risk and opportunity management

C. How these processes are integrated into and
inform the overall risk management process

Water and marine resources > Impact, risk and opportunity management

A. Metrics used to assess and manage nature-related
risk and opportunities

Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Water and marine resources > Metrics and targets

B. Metrics used to assess and manage dependencies
and impacts on nature

Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Water and marine resources > Metrics and targets

C. Targets and goals to manage nature-related DIROs

Biodiversity and ecosystems > Metrics and targets
Water and marine resources > Metrics and targets

>

Compensation

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

7. Additional voluntary reporting

Pollution of air, water and soil

While these topics were assessed to be not
material, the following data are provided to
meet the needs of ratings, rankings and other
stakeholders.

(tonnes)

2025

2024

Emissions to air
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)
Nitrogen oxide (NOₓ)
Sulfur dioxide (SO₂)
.

2,500
350
15

2,400
500
20

3,600
420
150

3,000
450
150

2025

2024

Process-related non-hazardous waste ¹
Landfill
Offsite incineration with heat recovery ¹
Offsite incineration without heat recovery
Offsite recovery (recycled waste) ¹
.

259,300
4,300
189,700
2,900
62,400

237,200
5,400
96,400
4,700
131,200

Process-related hazardous waste
Landfill
Offsite incineration with heat recovery
Offsite incineration without heat recovery
Offsite recovery (recycled waste)
.

92,800
1,000
46,500
16,600
28,700

94,700
6,200
47,500
16,400
24,600

Total recycled waste (hazardous and non-hazardous) ¹

91,100

155,800

2025
797,200
17

2024
47,600
7

Pollution of air, water, and soil
In 2025, VOC emissions remained stable while
SO2 and NOx reduced mainly driven by a long
shut down of a cogeneration plant.
Our 2025 phosphorus and nitrogen efficiency
improved by 12% compared to our 2023
baseline, mainly steered by ANH site Lalden
(Switzerland) that reduced its nitrogen
emissions by more than 50% by reduction at
source and additional end of pipe treatments.
Waste by disposal method
The standard for Sustainable Operations and
Environment introduced in 2025 highlights the
importance of reducing waste and particularly
waste that is not valorized (landfilled or
incinerated without heat recovery). Between
2024 and 2025 the amount of non-valorized
waste reduced by 6%, 10% specifically for
landfilling. This results among others from the
identification of better waste treatment
opportunities in Bharuch (India) or the
reduction of non-valorized waste in Princeton
(USA) through process optimization. We also
strictly limit the landfilling of hazardous waste
that was reduced by 18% compared to 2024.
Fines and sanctions
In 2025 the number of monetary fines
increased as well as the total monetary values
of the fines. This is due to fines of multiple sites.

222

Emissions to water
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD)
Nitrogen ¹
Phosphorus ¹
1 The 2024 figure (2024: 350) was restated due to updates at multiple sites

Waste by disposal method
(tonnes)

1 The 2024 figure was restated due to updates at multiple sites
- 2024 Process-related non-hazardous waste: 135,600, Offsite incineration with heat recovery: 30,100, Offsite recovery (recycled waste): 95,300
- 2024 Total recycled waste: 119,900

Environmental fines and sanctions
Fines (in €)
Non-monetary sanctions

>

Compensation

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Assurance report of the independent auditor

223

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Assurance report of the independent auditor

224

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Assurance report of the independent auditor

225

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS > ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Assurance report of the independent auditor

226

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Compensation

Consolidated
Financial
Statements

227

<

Sustainability Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated Financial Statements
The financial statements of dsm-firmenich
include both the Consolidated Financial
Statements and the Parent Company
Financial Statements.
The Group’s parent company, DSM-Firmenich
AG, is domiciled in Kaiseraugst (Switzerland)
and listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock
exchange. The following Consolidated Financial
Statements comprise DSM-Firmenich AG and
its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) and are prepared
in accordance with IFRS. The Group is a leading
supplier in nutrition, health, and beauty. See
also Note 1 General Information.
A list of the Group’s main subsidiaries can be
found in Note 3 Investments to the Parent
Company Financial Statements. The financial
year 2025 covers the period from January 1,
2025 to December 31, 2025. The Board of
Directors of DSM-Firmenich AG approved these
statements for issue on February 19, 2026 and
they are subject to the approval of the Annual
General Meeting on May 7, 2026.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements.
See Note 2 Alternative performance measures
for the reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA of
€1,772 million (2024: €1,751 million) and other
non-IFRS performance measures.

Consolidated income statement
in € million

Notes

2025

2024

5
5

9,034
(5,504)

9,054
(5,501)

3,530

3,553

(1,281)
(713)
(925)
107
(7)

(1,418)
(814)
(786)
74
(62)

711

547

78
(221)

90
(214)

568

423

(118)
(102)
(6)

(64)
(9)
9

342

359

3

(1,381)
(1,039)

(79)
280

Attributable to:
- Holders of shares parent company
- Non-controlling interests

16
17

(1,081)
42

250
30

Interest on hybrid bonds (equity)

16

26

28

Earnings per share (EPS) total (in €): ¹
- Basic EPS
- Diluted EPS

2

(4.27)
(4.27)

0.84
0.84

Earnings per share (EPS) continuing operations (in €): ¹
- Basic EPS
- Diluted EPS

2
1.21
1.21

1.21
1.21

Continuing operations
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Marketing & Sales
Research & Development
General & Administrative
Other operating income
Other operating expense
Operating profit (loss)
Finance income
Finance expense

6
6

Profit (loss) before tax
Income tax expense
Share of net profit of associates and joint ventures
Other results related to associates and joint ventures

7
10
10

Net profit (loss) from continuing operations
Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations
Net profit (loss) for the period

1 2024 EPS figures restated for comparison purposes.

228

5
5
5
5
5

Sustainability Statements

Consolidated statement of comprehensive
income

in € million

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Notes

>

2025

2024

(1,039)

280

75
(25)
(3)

10
13
(5)

47

18

(695)
61

179
10

69
(2)
(29)

(40)
6

Items that may subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss
.

(596)

155

Total other comprehensive income
.

(549)

173

Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax

(1,588)

453

(1,622)
34

418
35

Net profit (loss) for the period
Other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit liability
Fair value changes in other participating interests and other financial instruments
Related tax

24
11

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
- Change for the period
- Reclassified to the income statement on loss of significant influence
Hedging reserve – cash flow hedges
- Change for the period
- Reclassified to the income statement
Equity accounted investees – share of other comprehensive income
Related tax

Attributable to:
- Holders of shares parent company
- Non-controlling interests

229

16

16

16
17

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Consolidated balance sheet at December 31

in € million

Notes

2025

2024

Goodwill and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Deferred tax assets
Prepaid pension costs
Share in associates and joint ventures
Derivatives
Other non-current assets
Non-current assets

8
9
7
24
10
23
11

15,384
4,174
227
51
199
60
357
20,452

18,078
5,725
299
62
342
51
391
24,948

Inventories
Trade receivables
Income tax receivables
Other current receivables
Derivatives
Financial investments
Cash and cash equivalents
Assets held for sale
Current assets

12
13
13
13
23
14
15
3

2,121
1,841
153
105
41
121
1,782
2,729
8,893

3,290
2,589
51
129
23
50
2,667
8,799

29,345

33,747

Shareholders' equity
Non-controlling interests
Equity

2025

2024

17
16

18,244
179
18,423

22,511
186
22,697

Deferred tax liabilities
Employee benefit liabilities
Provisions
Borrowings
Derivatives
Other non-current liabilities
Non-current liabilities

7
24
18
19
23
20

1,351
193
52
3,617
14
102
5,329

1,556
487
87
4,444
7
109
6,690

Employee benefit liabilities
Provisions
Borrowings
Derivatives
Trade payables
Income tax payables
Other current liabilities
Liabilities held for sale
Current liabilities

24
18
19
23
21
21
21
3

12
51
1,660
14
1,481
303
666
1,406
5,593

62
77
836
60
2,276
223
826
4,360

29,345

33,747

Total equity and liabilities

230

Notes

Equity and liabilities

Assets

Total assets

in € million

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Share capital
in € million

Share premium Treasury shares
(incl. forward
contracts)

Other reserves

Retained
earnings

Shareholders' equity Non-controlling
interests

Total
Equity

Balance at January 1, 2024

3

11,731

(44)

474

10,744

22,908

162

23,070

Net profit for the period
Other comprehensive income

-

-

-

161

250
7

250
168

30
5

280
173

Total comprehensive income

-

-

-

161

257

418

35

453

Dividend
Stock options / share units granted
Stock options / share units vested / canceled
Reissued shares
Repurchase of shares
Forward contracts to repurchase shares
Expenditures issuance new shares
Divestment/deconsolidation of subsidiary with NCI
Remuneration of hybrid bonds (equity)
Transfer
Other changes

-

(414)
(4)
-

54
(52)
(105)
-

31
(26)
70
-

(246)
26
(33)
(28)
(89)
1

(660)
31
21
(52)
(105)
(4)
(28)
(19)
1

(7)
(17)
19
(6)

(667)
31
21
(52)
(105)
(4)
(17)
(28)
(5)

Balance at December 31, 2024

3

11,313

(147)

710

10,632

22,511

186

22,697

Net profit (loss) for the period
Other comprehensive income

-

-

-

(610)

(1,081)
69

(1,081)
(541)

42
(8)

(1,039)
(549)

Total comprehensive income

-

-

-

(610)

(1,012)

(1,622)

34

(1,588)

Dividend
Stock options and share units granted
Stock options and share units vested / canceled
Reissued shares
Repurchase own shares covering SBC plans
Repurchase own shares for cancellation purposes
Acquisition of NCI without a change in control
Remuneration and redemption of hybrid bonds (equity)
Transfer
Other changes

-

(379)
-

19
(80)
(1,000)
-

38
(19)
(10)
-

(280)
19
(14)
4
(776)
(109)
(58)

(659)
38
5
(80)
(996)
(776)
(119)
(58)

(59)
(101)
119
-

(718)
38
5
(80)
(996)
(101)
(776)
(58)

Balance at December 31, 2025

3

10,934

(1,208)

109

8,406

18,244

179

18,423

See also Note 16 Equity.

231

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Consolidated cash flow statement
in € million

2025

2024

Operating activities
Net profit (loss) from continuing operations
Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations

342
(1,381)

359
(79)

Net profit (loss) for the period
Share of profit of associates and joint ventures (including discontinued operations)¹
Income tax income and expense (including discontinued operations)¹

(1,039)
107
(98)

280
147

Profit (loss) before tax (including discontinued operations)¹
Finance income and expense (including discontinued operations)¹

(1,030)
153

427
134

Operating profit (loss) (including discontinued operations)¹
Depreciation, amortization and impairments (including discontinued operations)¹

(877)
3,122

561
1,430

EBITDA (including discontinued operations)¹

2,245

1,991

- (Gain) or loss from disposals
- Changes in provisions
- Changes in employee benefits
- Share-based compensation
- Income taxes paid / received
- Other non-cash items

(114)
(52)
(58)
38
(320)
(84)

(47)
(47)
(42)
31
(275)
(31)

Operating cash flow before changes in working capital
Changes in:
- Inventories
- Trade receivables
- Trade payables

1,655

1,580

(89)
(16)
5

(38)
(18)
97

Changes in operating working capital
Changes in non-operating working capital

(100)
(110)

41
157

Changes in working capital

(210)

198

Cash provided by operating activities

1,445

1,778

1. The Consolidated cash flow statement includes an analysis of all cash flows in total, therefore including both continuing and discontinued operations. For the
amounts related to discontinued operations split by activities and a reconciliation of profit from continuing operations to total, including discontinued operations,
see Note 3 Change in the scope of the consolidation.

See also Note 26 Notes to the cash flow statement.

in € million

2025

2024

Cash provided by operating activities

1,445

1,778

Capital expenditure for intangible assets
Capital expenditure for property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment
Acquisition of businesses
Disposal of businesses
Payments for short-term financial investments
Proceeds from short-term financial investments
Other financial assets (incl. associates):
- Dividends received
- Capital payments and acquisitions
- Proceeds from disposals
- Additions to loans granted
- Repayment of loans granted
Interest received

(136)
(628)
64
(19)
1,270
(63)
-

(119)
(645)
19
(5)
42
43

4
(30)
31
(26)
5
33

14
(8)
397
(81)
58
33

Cash from / (used in) investing activities

505

(252)

Acquisition of non-controlling interests
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayment of borrowings
Payments of lease liabilities
Change in debt to credit institutions
Proceeds from re-issued treasury shares
Repurchase of shares
Remuneration and redemption of hybrid bonds (equity)
Dividend paid
Interest paid
Other

(106)
740
(560)
(109)
24
5
(1,181)
(783)
(718)
(64)
-

(26)
833
(623)
(110)
38
21
(706)
(28)
(667)
(67)
1

Cash (used in) / from financing activities
.

(2,752)

(1,334)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period

2,667

2,456

Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period (including cash classified as
held for sale)

(802)
(72)

192
19

1,793

2,667

(11)

-

1,782

2,667

Investing activities

Financing activities

Reclassification to held for sale
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period

232

Sustainability Statements

Notes to the
Consolidated
Financial
Statements

233

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

234
236
239
244
246
248
249
252
255
258
259
260
261
262
263
264
267
268
269
271
272
273
274
282
289
290
291
294
295
296

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Note 1. General information
Note 2. Alternative performance measures
Note 3. Change in the scope of consolidation
Note 4. Segment information
Note 5. Net sales and costs
Note 6. Finance income and expense
Note 7. Income tax
Note 8. Goodwill and intangible assets
Note 9. Property, plant and equipment
Note 10. Associates and joint arrangements
Note 11. Other non-current assets
Note 12. Inventories
Note 13. Current receivables
Note 14. Financial investments
Note 15. Cash and cash equivalents
Note 16. Equity
Note 17. Non-controlling interests
Note 18. Provisions
Note 19. Borrowings
Note 20. Other non-current liabilities
Note 21. Current liabilities
Note 22. Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations
Note 23. Financial instruments and risks
Note 24. Employee benefits
Note 25. Net debt
Note 26. Notes to the cash flow statement
Note 27. Share-based compensation
Note 28. Related parties
Note 29. Events after the balance sheet date
Statutory Auditor’s Report

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 1

General information
Basis of preparation
The Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
Accounting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) and Swiss law.
In the following notes, all amounts are shown in
millions of euros (€), unless otherwise stated.
Effect of new or amended standards
On April 9, 2024, the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) issued IFRS 18
Presentation and Disclosure in Financial
Statements, which becomes effective from
January 1, 2027. IFRS 18 includes requirements
on the presentation of new defined subtotals in
the consolidated income statement, the
disclosure of management-defined
performance measures, and enhanced
requirements for the aggregation and
disaggregation of information. As such, IFRS 18
will primarily affect the presentation of the
consolidated income statement and the
categorization of certain items of income and
expenses. During 2025, dsm-firmenich has
performed a preliminary impact assessment,
but the company has not yet completed its
detailed assessment.
Other new or amended standards that are
effective from January 1, 2025 do not have a
material effect on dsm-firmenich’s
Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition,

234

other new or amended standards effective
after January 1, 2026 were neither adopted
early, nor expected to have significant impact.
Group material accounting policies
The below information outlines the general
Group material accounting policies. Other
specific material accounting policies that
management considers to be the most
important for the presentation of the financial
position and results of dsm-firmenich’s
operations are included in the relevant notes
and applied throughout the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Principles of consolidation
As a parent company, DSM-Firmenich AG is
exposed to, or has a right to, the variable
returns from its involvement with its
subsidiaries and has the ability to affect the
returns through its power over the subsidiaries.
The financial data of subsidiaries are fully
consolidated. Non-controlling interests in the
Group's equity and profit and loss are stated
separately. Subsidiaries are consolidated from
the acquisition date until the date on which
dsm-firmenich ceases to have control. From
the acquisition date onwards, all intra-Group
balances and transactions and unrealized
profits or losses from intra-Group transactions
are eliminated.
A joint arrangement is an entity in which dsmfirmenich holds an interest and which is jointly

controlled by dsm-firmenich and one or more
other partners under a contractual
arrangement. A joint arrangement can either be
a joint venture whereby dsm-firmenich and the
other partner(s) have rights to the net assets of
the arrangement, or a joint operation where
dsm-firmenich and the partner(s) have rights
to the assets and obligations for the liabilities
of the arrangement.

Exchange differences resulting from the
settlement of these transactions and from the
translation of monetary items are recognized in
the income statement. Non-monetary items
that are measured on the basis of historical
costs denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency continue to be translated
against the rate at initial recognition and will not
result in exchange differences.

For joint ventures, the investment in the net
assets is recognized and accounted for in
accordance with the equity method, see also
Note 10 Associates and joint arrangements. For
a joint operation, assets, liabilities, revenues,
and expenses are recognized in the financial
statements of dsm-firmenich in accordance
with the contractual entitlement or obligations
of dsm-firmenich.

On consolidation, the balance sheets of
subsidiaries that do not have the euro as their
functional currency are translated into euros at
the closing rate. The income statements of
these entities are translated into euros at the
average rates for the relevant period. The
functional currency in which goodwill paid on
acquisition is recorded is based on the
business case underlying the corresponding
business combination.

Foreign currencies
The Group's presentation currency is the euro
(€), which is also the parent company's
functional currency.
Each entity of the Group records transactions
and balance sheet items in its functional
currency. Transactions denominated in a
currency other than the functional currency are
recorded at the spot exchange rates prevailing
at the date of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
a currency other than the functional currency
of the entity are translated at the closing rates.

Exchange differences arising from the
translation of quasi-equity loans and the net
investment in entities with a functional
currency other than the euro are recorded in
Other comprehensive income. The same
applies to exchange differences arising from
borrowings and other financial instruments
insofar as those instruments hedge the
currency risk related to the net investment.
On disposal of an entity with a functional
currency other than the euro, the cumulative
exchange differences relating to the translation
of the net investment are recognized in profit or
loss.

Sustainability Statements

The currency exchange rates that were used in
preparing the Consolidated Financial
Statements are listed below for the most
important currencies.
1 euro =
US dollar
Swiss franc
Brazilian
real
Chinese
renminbi

Exchange rate at
December 31
2025
2024

Average exchange
rate
2025
2024

1.18
0.93

1.04
0.94

1.13
0.94

1.08
0.95

6.44

6.43

6.31

5.83

8.23

7.58

8.12

7.79

Emission rights
dsm-firmenich is subject to legislation
encouraging reductions in greenhouse gas
emissions and has been awarded emission
rights (principally CO2 emission rights) in a
number of jurisdictions. Emission rights are
reserved for meeting delivery obligations and
are recognized at cost. Income is recognized
when surplus emission rights are sold to third
parties. When actual emissions exceed the
emission rights available to dsm-firmenich, a
liability is recognized for the expected
additional costs.
Significant accounting estimates and
judgments
The preparation of the Consolidated Financial
Statements requires management to make
estimates that affect the application of
accounting policies and the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, income and expenses,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements. Actual
outcomes could differ from those estimates.
The estimates are based on historical
experience, expert knowledge, and other

235

factors, including expectations of future events
that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances.
Furthermore, the application of the Group’s
accounting policies may require management
to make judgments, apart from those involving
estimates, that can have a significant effect on
the amounts recognized in the financial
statements. Areas of management estimates
and judgments that have a significant effect on
the amounts recognized in the financial
statements are disclosed along with the
material accounting policies in the relevant
notes.
Presentation of consolidated income
statement
dsm-firmenich presents expenses in the
consolidated income statement in accordance
with their function. This allows the presentation
of gross profit on the face of the income
statement, which is a widely used performance
measure in the industry. The composition of the
costs allocated to the individual functions is
explained below.
Cost of sales encompasses all manufacturing
costs (including raw materials, employee
benefits, and depreciation and amortization)
related to goods and services captured in net
sales. These are measured at their actual cost
based on weighted average cost, or FIFO.
Marketing & Sales relates to the selling and
marketing of goods and services, and also
includes all costs that are directly related to the
sale of goods, but are not originated by the
manufacturing of the goods (e.g., outbound
freight).

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

Research & Development consists of:
•

•

Research, which is defined as original and
planned investigation undertaken with the
prospect of gaining new scientific or
technical knowledge and understanding
Development, which is defined as the
application of research findings or other
knowledge to a plan or design for the
production of new or substantially improved
materials, devices, products, processes,
systems or services before the start of
commercial production or use that do not
meet the accounting requirements for
capitalization

General & Administrative relates to the
strategic and governance role of the general
management of the company as well as the
representation of dsm-firmenich as a whole in
the financial, political, or business community. It
also relates to business support activities of
staff departments that are not directly related
to the other functional areas.

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

•

Capital employed is the total of the
carrying amount of intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment, inventories,
trade receivables and other receivables,
less trade payables, other current liabilities,
investment grants and customer funding.
Average capital employed is calculated as
the average of the capital employed at the
end of the preceding five quarters, including
the current quarter
Core capital employed is defined as capital
employed, adjusted for the impact of the
Firmenich purchase price allocation (PPA).
Average core capital employed is calculated
as the average of the core capital employed
at the end of the preceding five quarters,
including the current quarter.
Core adjusted return on capital employed
(Core adj. ROCE)* is core adjusted EBIT as
a percentage of average core capital
employed.

NOTE 2

Alternative performance measures
Accounting policy

Estimates and judgments

In monitoring the financial performance of
dsm-firmenich, management uses certain
alternative performance measures (APMs) not
defined by IFRS. These APMs should not be
viewed in isolation as alternatives to the
equivalent IFRS measures and should be used
as supplementary information in conjunction
with the most directly comparable IFRS
measures. APMs do not have standardized
meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be
comparable to similar measures presented by
other companies.

Significant judgment in using APMs relates to
the identification of material items in the
consolidated income statement as ‘APM
adjustments’.
Definitions
•

•

APM adjustments
To arrive at these APMs, adjustments are made
(i.e., APM adjustments) for material items of
income and expense arising from
circumstances such as acquisitions,
divestments, restructuring, impairments, and
other events. Other APM-adjusting events
include site closure costs, environmental
cleaning, litigation settlements, or other nonoperational (contractual) arrangements. Except
for items related to acquisitions, divestments,
and integration costs incurred from the
transaction date (including non-recurring
inventory value adjustments) as well as
adjustments due to previously recognized APM
adjusting events, the threshold for APM
adjustments is €10 million.

•

•

•

•

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA) is the IFRS
metric operating profit, with depreciation,
amortization, and impairments added back
Adjusted earnings before interest, tax,
depreciation and amortization (Adj.
EBITDA) is EBITDA adjusted for material
items of profit or loss, as defined under
‘APM adjustments’
Adjusted operating profit (Adj. EBIT) is the
IFRS metric operating profit adjusted for
material items of profit or loss, as defined
under ‘APM adjustments’
Core adjusted EBIT (Core adj. EBIT) is
calculated as the IFRS metric operating
profit adjusted for material items of profit or
loss, as defined under ‘APM adjustments’,
and adjusted for the impact of the
amortisation of intangible assets recognized
through purchase price allocations (PPA)
Adjusted net profit (Adj. net profit) is the
IFRS metric net profit adjusted for material
items of profit or loss, as defined under
‘APM adjustments’
Core adjusted net profit (Core adj. net
profit) is the IFRS metric net profit (from

•

•

•

continuing operations) adjusted for material
items of profit or loss, as defined under
‘APM adjustments’, and adjusted for the
impact of the amortisation of intangible
assets recognized through purchase price
allocations (PPA) as well as the PPA impact
on financial income and expense
Adjusted gross operating free cash flow
(AGOFCF) is defined as the IFRS metric
operating profit plus depreciation,
amortization, and impairments, adjusted for
material items of profit or loss, as defined
under ‘APM adjustments’, adjusted for
intrinsic changes in the working capital,
minus capital expenditures. This metric is
based on continuing operations
Adjusted earnings per share (Adj. EPS) is
calculated as the net profit available to
holders of ordinary shares adjusted for
material items of profit or loss, as defined
under ‘APM adjustments’, divided by the
weighted average of ordinary shares
outstanding
Core adjusted earnings per share (Core
adj. EPS) is calculated as the net profit
(from continuing operations) available to
holders of ordinary shares adjusted for
material items of profit or loss, as defined
under ‘APM adjustments’, adjusted for the
impact of the amortisation of intangible
assets recognized through purchase price
allocations (PPA) as well as the PPA impact
on financial income and expense, divided by
the weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding

•

•

*In 2025, dsm-firmenich updated the definitions of ‘Core adjusted EBIT’ and ‘Core adjusted net profit’ to not only correct for the impact of merger-related purchase-price allocation (PPA) adjustments but also for PPA adjustments from all pre-merger acquisitions, to allow for easier comparison with industry peers

236

Sustainability Statements

APM adjustments

•

•

•

•

•

Acquisition (merger) and divestment costs
of €45m, mainly related to costs related to
the merger transaction
Restructuring costs of €54 million, mainly
related to the vitamin transformation
program
Other costs of a net amount of €16 million
include legal costs related to litigation and
claims
Impairments of Property, Plant and
Equipment (PPE), goodwill and intangible
assets of €35 million, mainly related to the
impairment loss recognized upon the
classification of smaller business as held for
sale
Adjustments to result from associates and
joint ventures of €57 million related to
impairment losses on dsm-firmenich’s
share in associates and joint ventures

237

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

APM Adjustments (continuing operations)

APM adjustments mainly impact the EBITDA,
operating profit, net profit, and EPS and can be
specified as per the table on the right.
In 2025, the main APM adjustments were:

<

In 2024, the main APM adjustments were:
•

•

•

•

Acquisition (merger), divestment, and
integration costs of €101 million relate
mainly to the further integration between
DSM and Firmenich, the sale of the
Jiangshan vitamin C business and the
deconsolidation of Olatein
Restructuring costs of €36 million relates to
various restructuring programs within dsmfirmenich, including the additional costs
following the closure of the Pinova
ingredients plant
Impairments of PPE, goodwill and intangible
assets of €90 million are mainly related to
the intangible assets of €54 million
concerning specific molecule technologies,
for which the supply rights were transferred
Other costs of €42 million mainly relates to
costs of litigation and claims

2025

2024

APM Adjustments (continuing operations)
- Acquisition/divestment/integration costs
- Restructuring
- Other
- Impairments/(reversals) of PPE, goodwill, and intangible assets
- Financial income and expense
- Income tax related to adjustments
- Adjustments to result from associates and joint ventures

45
54
16
35
16
(35)
57

101
36
42
90
5
(40)
(4)

Total APM adjustments (income)/expense

188

230

>

Sustainability Statements

Reconciliation alternative performance measures (continuing operations)

Total

2024
Continuing
operations

Total

Operating profit (loss)
Depreciation, amortization and impairments

711
946

(877)
3,122

547
1,025

561
1,430

EBITDA

1,657

2,245

1,572

1,991

45
54
16
115

(32)
50
16
34

101
36
42
179

40
45
42
127

1,772

2,279

1,751

2,118

Operating profit (loss)

711

(877)

547

561

APM adjustments to Operating profit:
- APM adjustments to EBITDA
- Impairments/(reversals) of PPE and Intangible assets
Total APM adjustments to operating profit (loss)

115
35
150

34
1,957
1,991

179
90
269

127
238
365

Adjusted operating profit (loss)
PPA adjustments

861
429

1,114

816
461

926

Core adjusted EBIT
.

1,290

Net profit (loss)

342

(1,039)

359

280

APM adjustments to net profit (loss):
- Operating profit (loss)
- Financial income and expense
- Result relating to associates / joint ventures
Income tax related to APM adjustments
Total APM adjustments to net profit (loss)

150
16
57
(35)
188

1,991
16
57
(331)
1,733

269
5
(4)
(40)
230

365
5
(4)
(45)
321

Adjusted net profit (loss)
PPA adjustments

530
357

694

589
387

601

Core adjusted net profit (loss)

887

976

(2)

(11)

885

965

528

578

APM adjustments to EBITDA:
- Acquisitions/divestments/integration
- Restructuring
- Other
Total APM adjustments to EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA

Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Core adjusted net profit (loss) available to holders of
ordinary shares
.
Adjusted net profit (loss) available to holders of
ordinary shares

238

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Capital employed, ROCE and Adjusted gross operating free cash flow (continuing operations)

A reconciliation of the APMs to the most directly comparable IFRS measures can be found in the table
alternative performance measures below.
2025
Continuing
operations

<

2025

2024

Average capital employed

21,655

22,042

Average core capital employed
Core adjusted operating profit (EBIT) continuing operations

11,624
1,290

11,690
1,277

Core adjusted return on capital employed (Core adj. ROCE)

11.1

10.9

Adjusted EBITDA
Change working capital, total Group
Capital expenditures, total Group
Excluding discontinued operations

1,772
(210)
(764)
152

1,751
198
(764)
32

Adj. gross operating free cash flow

950

1,217

Earnings per share
2025
Continuing
Total Group
operations
Earnings per share (EPS)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding
(in million)
Effect of dilution (in million)
Diluted weighted average number of ord. shares
outstanding (in million)

1,277

259.3
0.1

259.3
0.1

264.6
-

264.6
-

259.4

259.4

264.6

264.6

340

(1,081)

348

250

528

652

578

571

885

1,029

965

982

Interest on hybrid bonds (equity)

26

26

28

28

in € ¹
EPS
Diluted EPS
Adj. EPS
Diluted Adj. EPS
Core adj. EPS
Diluted core adj. EPS

1.21
1.21
1.94
1.94
3.31
3.31

(4.27)
(4.27)
2.41
2.41
3.87
3.87

1.21
1.21
2.08
2.08
3.54
3.54

0.84
0.84
2.05
2.05
3.61
3.61

in € million
Net profit available to holders of ordinary shares
Adjusted net profit available to holders of ordinary
shares
Core adj. net profit available to holders of ordinary
shares

1

2024
Continuing
Total Group
operations

2024 EPS figures restated for comparison purposes.

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

NOTE 3

Change in the scope of consolidation
Accounting policy
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using
the acquisition method from the moment
control is transferred to the Group.
The cost of an acquisition is measured as the
aggregate of the consideration transferred,
including assets transferred, shares issued, and
liabilities incurred, measured at acquisition
date fair value. Acquisition-related costs
incurred are expensed, except if related to the
issue of debt or equity securities. As of the
acquisition date, identifiable assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling
interest in the acquiree are recognized
separately from goodwill.
Identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed are measured at acquisition date fair
value. For each business combination, dsmfirmenich elects whether it measures the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at fair value
or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s
identifiable net assets. Any contingent
consideration payable is measured at fair value
at the acquisition date; subsequent changes in
the fair value of the contingent consideration
resulting from events after the acquisition date
are recognized in profit or loss.
For business combinations with the acquisition
date in the prior reporting period, comparative
information is revised in case adjustments are

239

made during the measurement period to the
provisional amounts, determined as part of the
purchase price allocation (PPA), based on
information available at the acquisition date.
Non-current assets and disposal groups held
for sale
Non-current assets and disposal groups
(assets and liabilities relating to an activity that
is to be sold) are classified as ‘held for sale’ if
their carrying amount is to be recovered
principally through a sales transaction rather
than through continuing use.
The reclassification takes place when the
assets are available for immediate sale and the
sale is highly probable. These conditions are
usually met as from the date on which a letter
of intent or agreement to sell is ready for
signing. Non-current assets and disposal
groups held for sale are measured at the lower
of carrying amount and fair value less costs to
sell. Non-current assets held for sale are not
depreciated or amortized.
Discontinued operations
Discontinued operations comprise those
activities that were disposed of during the
period or which were classified as held for sale
at the end of the period and represent, or is
part of single co-ordinated plan to dispose of, a
separate major line of business or geographical
area that can be clearly distinguished for the
purposes of operational and financial reporting.

Classification as a discontinued operation
occurs when the operation meets the criteria
to be classified as held for sale.
The business results reclassified to
discontinued operations include also
intercompany recharges that cease to be
earned/incurred on disposal. Corporate costs
are excluded from the reclassification to
discontinued operations.
The comparative numbers in the Income
statement and the Statement of
comprehensive income are re-presented as if
the activities had been discontinued from the
start of the comparative year.
Estimates and judgments
Key estimates dsm-firmenich makes in the
accounting for changes in the scope of
consolidation relate to the determination of fair
values for assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in business combinations. These
estimates are based on historical quoted
market prices and experience and are generally
validated by external valuation specialists.

Acquisitions
In 2025, dsm-firmenich did not acquire any
business (same as in 2024).

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

Divestments

Summary of divestments in 2025

Feed Enzymes

See the table below for the book result of the divestments that took place in the reporting year.

On June 2, 2025, dsm-firmenich completed the
divestment of its interest in the Feed Enzymes
Alliance to its partner Novonesis, a global leader
in biosolutions, for a cash consideration of €1.5
billion. The Feed Enzymes business was part of
the Animal Nutrition & Health Business Unit,
and represented approximately €165 million
sales in 2024, with approximately 100
employees who were transferred to Novonesis.
Other divestments
The other divestments that were completed in
the reporting period include the Pentapharm
business (BU P&B) and the Mechanical
biomedical devices business (BU HNC).

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Feed Enzymes

Other divestments

Total

Assets
Goodwill and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Other non-current assets
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Cash and cash equivalents

(1,086)
(33)
52
(30)

(18)
3
(22)
(5)
(4)

(1,086)
(18)
3
(55)
47
(34)

Total assets

(1,097)

(46)

(1,143)

Liabilities
Provisions
Non-current liabilities
Current liabilities

17

(1)

16

Total liabilities

17

(1)

16

Net assets
Non-controlling interest

(1,114)
-

(45)
-

(1,159)
-

Net assets dsm-firmenich shareholders

(1,114)

(45)

(1,159)

Consideration

1,475

2

1,477

Selling costs
Book result
Release translation reserve, hedging reserve

(10)
351
(60)

(2)
(45)
(1)

(12)
306
(61)

-

1

1

291

(45)

246

Consideration
Of which deferred payments, non-cash and internal financing
Consideration in cash

1,475
1,475

2
(1)
1

1,477
(1)
1,476

Cash in divested company

(30)

(4)

(34)

Selling costs

(10)

(2)

(12)

Other divestment-related cash-in/(out)

(19)

(141)

(160)

Total cash-in/(out) related to disposals

1,416

(146)

1,270

Income tax
Net book result
Impact on the cash flow statement

240

Sustainability Statements

Income statement continuing and
discontinued operations
Discontinued Operations captures the results
of the combined businesses that were an
integral part of the single co-ordinated plan to
dispose these businesses following dsmfirmenich’s post-merger portfolio review, mainly
including the ANH business subject to the
carve-out and the completed divestments of
the Feed Enzymes business, the Yeast Extracts
business, and the Marine Lipids business. The
assets and liabilities related to the ANH
business subject to the carve-out were
reclassified as assets held for sale at year-end
following its planned divestment.
The operating loss in discontinued operations
amounting to -€1,588 million comprises the full
year operating profit of the regular activities of
the discontinued businesses (€253 million), the
book profit of the divested businesses in 2025
(€245 million), the impairment of the ANH
business which is held for sale (-€1,922 million),
and carve-out and divestment costs (-€164
million).
Impact of discontinued operations on the
cash flow statement
The impact of the business that has been
included as discontinued operations in the
cash flow statement is shown in the table
opposite.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

Continuing
operations

Parent Company Financial Statements

2025
Discontinued Total Group Continuing
operations
operations

>

2024
Discontinued Total Group
operations

Net sales
Adjusted EBITDA
EBITDA
Total expenses
Adjusted operating profit (loss)
Operating profit (loss)
Financial income and expense
Profit (loss) before income tax expense

9,034
1,772
1,657
8,323
861
711
(143)
568

3,487
507
588
5,075
253
(1,588)
(10)
(1,598)

12,521
2,279
2,245
13,398
1,114
(877)
(153)
(1,030)

9,054
1,751
1,572
8,507
816
547
(124)
423

3,745
367
419
3,731
110
14
(10)
4

12,799
2,118
1,991
12,238
926
561
(134)
427

Income tax expense
Results related to associates and joint ventures

(118)
(108)

216
1

98
(107)

(64)
-

(83)
-

(147)
-

Net profit (loss) for the year

342

(1,381)

(1,039)

359

(79)

280

Of which attributable to non-controlling interests

2

40

42

11

19

30

Interest on hybrid bonds (equity)

26

-

26

28

-

28

Available to holders of ordinary shares

314

(1,421)

(1,107)

320

(98)

222

Earnings per share (EPS)
- Net basic EPS

1.21

(5.48)

(4.27)

1.21

(0.37)

0.84

Impact of discontinued operations on the cash flow statement

Net cash provided by / (used in):
- Operating activities
- Investing activities
Total

Investing activities in 2025 include the divestment of the Feed Enzymes business for €1,416 million.
See also Note 26 Notes to the cash flow statement

241

>

2025

2024

376
1,112
1,488

336
(159)
177

Sustainability Statements

Impact on comprehensive income
The impact of the businesses that have been
presented as discontinued operations in the
income statement and statement of
comprehensive income are presented in the
table opposite.
The comparative numbers in the Income
statement and the Statement of
comprehensive income are re-presented as if
the activities of the combined businesses that
were an integral part of the single co-ordinated
plan to dispose these businesses had been
discontinued from the start of the comparative
year 2024.
See also the section Assets and liabilities held
for sale, on the next page.

242

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Impact of discontinued operations on comprehensive income
2025

2024

(1,381)

(79)

28
(4)

1
(1)

24

-

133

(112)

133

(112)

Total comprehensive income discontinued operations

(1,224)

(191)

Of which:
- Attributable to non-controlling interests
- Available to equity holders of dsm-firmenich

2
(1,226)

(4)
(187)

Net profit from discontinued operations
Other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans
Related tax
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
.
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
- Change for the year
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss
.

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Assets and liabilities held for sale

Impact assets and liabilities held for sale on the balance sheet

At the end of 2025, the assets and liabilities
relating to the remaining ANH business were
reclassified to held for sale based on its highly
probable sale within the next 12 months (no
assets and liabilities were held for sale at the
end of 2024). Following its classification to held
for sale, the ANH business was measured at the
lower of its carrying amount and fair value less
cost to sell, resulting in an impairment of €1,922
million.

The impact of the reclassification of the regarding activities on the dsm-firmenich consolidated balance sheet is presented in the following table.
Transferred to
held for sale

Impairment

Held for Sale
on balance sheet

Assets
(821)

Goodwill and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Deferred tax assets
Prepaid pension costs
Share in associates and joint ventures
Other non-current assets
Non-current assets

940
1,521
379
2
25
40
2,907

Inventories
Trade receivables
Income tax receivables
Other current receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Current assets

1,042
630
20
22
11
1,725

-

1,042
630
20
22
11
1,725

Total assets held for sale

4,632

(1,903)

2,729

Deferred tax liabilities
Employee benefit liabilities
Provisions
Borrowings
Other non-current liabilities
Non-current Liabilities

100
209
3
50
45
407

-

100
209
3
50
45
407

Employee benefit liabilities
Provisions
Borrowings
Trade payables
Income tax payables
Other current liabilities
Current liabilities

6
61
1
720
46
165
999

-

6
61
1
720
46
165
999

Total liabilities held for sale

1,406

-

1,406

Total held for sale

3,226

(1,903)

1,323

(1,082)
(1,903)

119
439
379
2
25
40
1,004

Liabilities

Divestment-related liabilities
Total impairment

243

-

(19)
(1,922)

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 4

Segment information
Accounting policy

Operating segments

dsm-firmenich has segmented its operations
by business activity from which revenues are
earned and expenses incurred. These operating
results are regularly reviewed by the Executive
Committee, dsm-firmenich’s Chief Operating
Decision Maker (CODM), to make decisions
about resources to be allocated to the
operating segments and assess their
performance. dsm-firmenich uses Adjusted
EBITDA as the main indicator to evaluate the
consolidated performance as well as the
performance per operating segment. Discrete
financial information is available for each
identified operating segment.

The continuing operations of dsm-firmenich
are organized into three distinct Business Units:

The same accounting policies applied to the
Consolidated Financial Statements of dsmfirmenich are also applied to the operating
segments. Prices for transactions between
segments are determined on an arm’s length
basis at market-based prices. Segment results,
assets and liabilities include items directly
attributable to a segment as well as those that
can reasonably and consistently be allocated.
Interest income, interest expense, and income
tax expense or income are not allocated to
segments as these amounts are not included in
the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed
by the Executive Committee, or otherwise
regularly provided to the Executive Committee.
Selected information on a country and regional
basis is provided in addition to the information
about operating segments.

244

•

Perfumery & Beauty (P&B) creates
premium scents with proven benefits, using
the best and largest palette of natural,
synthetic, and biotech ingredients. P&B
excludes the Aroma Ingredients business,
which was transferred to Animal Nutrition &
Health (ANH) in view of the carve-out.

•

Taste, Texture & Health (TTH) helps
customers create food and beverage
products that are delicious, nutritious,
affordable, and sustainable – providing
enjoyment and nourishment for consumers,
and better health for People and Planet. TTH
includes the Bovaer® business, which was
transferred from ANH in view of the carveout.

•

Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC) provides
people a way to look after their health by
adding critical nutrients to their diets,
driving medical innovation forward,
speeding up recovery, and enhancing
quality of life. HNC includes the Veramaris
business, which was transferred from ANH
in view of the carve-out.

The ANH business also continued to be a
reportable segment throughout 2025; however,
in view of its highly probable sale, it was
reclassified to ‘discontinued operations’ at
year-end 2025.
The Business Units are created with clear endmarket orientation and large addressable
markets. They are clustered in coherent
product and market combinations with similar
customers and distribution channels, and their
operating results are regularly reviewed by the
Executive Committee. Therefore, these
Business Units have been identified as the
reportable operating segments of dsmfirmenich.
Any consolidated activities outside the three
reportable operating segments above are
reported as the reportable segment ‘Corporate
Activities’. These consist of corporate operating
and service activities that are not further
allocated to the operating segments.
Following the changes in the composition of the
reportable operating segments in view of the
carve-out, the previously reported information
has been restated accordingly.
dsm-firmenich does not have a single external
customer that represents 10% or more of total
sales.

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

Reportable segments

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Perfumery &
Beauty

Taste, Texture
& Health

Health,
Nutrition &
Care

Corporate
Activities

Total
continuing
operations

Discontinued
operations

Total Group

3,760
815
807
460
432
170
21.7

3,146
648
674
322
340
315
20.6

2,102
407
369
213
168
123
19.4

26
(98)
(193)
(134)
(229)
-

9,034
1,772
1,657
861
711
608
19.6

3,487
507
588
253
(1,588)
156
14.5

12,521
2,279
2,245
1,114
(877)
764
18.2

3,776
842
837
470
465
182
22.3

3,109
626
589
302
264
300
20.1

2,117
377
357
199
92
138
17.8

52
(94)
(211)
(155)
(274)
-

9,054
1,751
1,572
816
547
620
19.3

3,745
367
419
110
14
144
9.8

12,799
2,118
1,991
926
561
764
16.5

Rest of EMEA North America

Latin America

China

Rest of
Asia

Total

2025
Net sales
Adjusted EBITDA¹
EBITDA
Adjusted operating profit¹
Operating profit
Capital expenditures
Adjusted EBITDA margin (in %)
.
2024²
Net sales
Adjusted EBITDA¹
EBITDA
Adjusted operating profit¹
Operating profit
Capital expenditures
Adjusted EBITDA margin (in %)
1
2

See Note 2 Alternative performance measures for the reconciliation to IFRS performance measures
Restated for comparison purposes

Geographical information

Switzerland

Netherlands

214
2

302
3

3,098
35

2,353
26

857
10

671
7

1,539
17

9,034
100

3,678

1,763

8,437

4,204

3,577

3,324

3,567

28,550

11,190

1,555

3,279

2,393

322

522

297

19,558

173
2

296
3

3,018
33

2,456
27

882
10

708
8

1,521
17

9,054
100

3,734

1,776

8,134

4,155

3,565

3,365

3,485

28,214

14,946

1,618

3,220

2,689

428

603

299

23,803

2025
Net sales continuing operations (by destination)
In € millions
In %
.
Workforce at period-end (headcount)¹
Intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment at year-end (carrying amount)
.
2024
Net sales continuing operations (by destination)
In € millions
In %
.
Workforce at year-end (headcount)¹
Intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment at year-end (carrying amount)¹
1

245

Refers to Total Group, including discontinued operations

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 5

Net sales and costs
Accounting policy

Rendering of services

Revenue from contracts with customers is
recognized by identifying the contract and its
performance obligations as well as by
determining and allocating the transaction
price to these performance obligations. Net
sales represent the invoice value less estimated
rebates, cash discounts, and indirect taxes. As
sales are generally made with a short-term
credit term, the impact of elements of financing
is limited.

Income coming from the rendering of services
is recognized when the service, i.e., the
performance obligation, has been fulfilled.
Fulfilment of the performance obligations for
services rendered is identified according to the
individual contract but generally takes place at
the point in time when the service is provided.
The revenue recognized is measured at the fair
value of the contractual transaction price
allocated to the performance obligation that is
satisfied.

The payment terms are determined per
business segment on a customer basis.
Generally, dsm-firmenich has neither specific
obligations for returns or refunds, nor specific
warranties or other related obligations.
Sale of goods
At dsm-firmenich, revenue related to the sale of
goods is recognized in the income statement
when the performance obligation is satisfied.
This is at the point in time when transfer of
control of the goods passes to the buyer.
Fulfilment of the performance obligations
related to goods sold is measured using the
commercial shipment terms as an indicator of
the transfer of control. Revenue recognized is
measured at the fair value of the contractual
transaction price allocated to the performance
obligation that is satisfied.

246

Net sales
2025

2024

Goods sold
Services rendered

8,903
131

8,896
158

Total

9,034

9,054

Perfumery & Beauty
- Perfumery
- Ingredients
- Personal care

2025
3,760
2,453
941
366

2024
3,776
2,443
903
430

Taste, Texture & Health
- Taste
- Ingredients solutions

3,146
1,858
1,288

3,109
1,872
1,237

Health, Nutrition & Care
- Dietary supplements and I-Health
- Early life nutrition
- Biomedical solutions
- Other

2,102
846
431
207
618

2,117
870
413
208
626

26

52

9,034

9,054

Disaggregation of net sales

Corporate Activities
Total

Sustainability Statements

Total costs

In 2025, total operating costs (the total costs
included in operating profit) amounted to €8.3
billion, €0.2 billion lower than in 2024, when
these costs stood at €8.5 billion.
Total operating costs in 2025 included Cost of
sales amounting to €5.5 billion (2024: €5.5
billion); gross profit as a percentage of net sales
remained 39% (2024: 39%).

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Employee benefit costs
2025

2024

Wages and salaries
Social security costs
Pension costs (see also Note 24)
Share-based compensation (see also Note 27)

1,820
254
174
35

1,908
234
161
31

Total

2,283

2,334

2025

2024

Amortization of intangible assets
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment owned
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Impairment losses

545
264
90
47

556
293
82
94

Total

946

1,025

2025

2024

Release of provisions
Gain on sale of assets and activities
Insurance benefits
Earn-out payments and other settlements
Sundry

4
43
39
21

2
23
20
21
8

Total

107

74

2025

2024

Additions to provisions
Exchange differences
Acquisitions / disposals
Sundry

1
2
4

7
8
39
8

Total

7

62

Depreciation, amortization, and impairments

For impairment losses, see also Note 2 Alternative performance measures.
Other operating income

Other operating expense

247

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 6

Finance income and expense
2025

2024

Finance income
Interest income
Fair value change in derivatives
Sundry

60
12
6

69
15
6

Total finance income

78

90

Finance expense
Interest expense
Interest relating to lease liabilities
Interest relating to defined benefit plans
Fair value change in derivatives
Capitalized interest during construction
Exchange differences
Unwinding of discounted payables
Sundry

(146)
(17)
(3)
(1)
9
(50)
(2)
(11)

(151)
(13)
(3)
7
(34)
(5)
(15)

Total finance expense

(221)

(214)

Total finance income and expense

(143)

(124)

In 2025, the interest rate applied in the capitalization of interest during construction was 2.5% (2024:
2.5%).

248

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 7

Income tax
Accounting policy
Income tax expense is recognized in the
income statement except to the extent that it
relates to an item recognized directly in Other
comprehensive income or Shareholders’ equity.
Current tax is the expected tax payable or
receivable on the taxable income for the year,
using tax rates (substantively) enacted at the
balance sheet date, plus any adjustment to tax
payable with respect to previous years. The
current tax position also reflects any
uncertainty related to income taxes. Current
tax assets and liabilities are offset only if
certain criteria are met.

249

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the expected tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities and their tax
base. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured at the tax rates that have been
enacted or substantially enacted at the balance
sheet date. They reflect any uncertainty related
to income taxes and are expected to apply
when the related deferred tax assets are
realized or the deferred tax liabilities are
settled. Deferred tax assets, including assets
arising from losses carried forward and tax
credits, are reassessed over time and are
recognized to the extent that it is probable that
future taxable profits will be available against
which the deductible temporary differences
and unused tax losses can be utilized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are stated at
nominal value.

Deferred taxes are not provided for the
following temporary differences: the initial
recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of
assets or liabilities that affect neither
accounting nor taxable profit, and differences
relating to investments in subsidiaries to the
extent that they will probably not reverse in the
foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets and
deferred tax liabilities are offset and presented
net when there is a legally enforceable right to
offset and the assets and liabilities relate to
income taxes levied by the same taxation
authority.

Estimates and judgments
Key estimates for income tax generally relate to
uncertain tax positions that could result from
varying interpretations of tax legislation by local
tax authorities in the countries where dsmfirmenich operates. For the measurement of
the uncertainty, dsm-firmenich uses the most
likely amount or the expected value method to
estimate the underlying risk. This requires
judgments, and the final outcome may deviate
from the estimates.

Sustainability Statements

Income tax
The income tax expense on continuing
operations was €118 million, which represents
an effective income tax rate of 20.8% (2024: tax
expense of €64 million, representing an
effective income tax rate of 15.1%). The
breakdown of the income tax expense on
continuing operations is shown in the table
opposite. Since, from a reporting and legal
perspective, the continuing and discontinued
operations were still fully intertwined for fullyear 2024 and a substantial part of 2025,
allocation models were applied to determine
the split of the tax charge between continuing
and discontinued operations for the reporting
and the comparative year. The allocation
considers multiple factors, circumstances, and
allocation keys, and represents management’s
best possible estimate.
Pillar Two legislation has been enacted in a
number of jurisdictions in which dsm-firmenich
operates. dsm-firmenich applies the temporary
mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting
for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts
for it as a current tax when it is incurred. The
current income tax expense relating to Pillar
Two legislation was less than €1 million in 2025
(2024: less than €1 million) because of the
geographical spread of the business results.

250

The total effective tax rate on the taxable result
in 2025 was 20.8% (2024: 15.1%). Excluding APM
adjustments, this was 20.8% as well (2024:
14.9%). The effective tax rate in 2025 compared
to the Swiss statutory rate was negatively
impacted, mainly by the geographical spread,
non-recoverable withholding tax, and changes
in the valuation of deferred tax assets regarding
losses and other carry-forward positions.
The effective tax rates in 2024 and 2025
excluding APM adjustments stem from two
different situations. As stated, in 2024 the
businesses from continuing and discontinued
operations were still fully integrated and
intertwined. In the course of 2025, the carveout of the ANH business was realized and
separate legal entities were created to facilitate
a standalone operation for ANH. Therefore, a
part of the difference between the effective tax
rates in these years is caused by the difference
in set-up and the mathematical outcome of the
allocation methods applied to determine the
split of the tax charge for 2024 and 2025
between continuing and discontinued
operations.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Income tax
2025

2024

Current tax (expense) / benefit:
- Current year
- Prior-year adjustments
- Tax credits compensated
- Non-recoverable withholding tax

(243)
14
13
(7)

(209)
7
12
(1)

Total current tax (expense) / benefit

(223)

(191)

Deferred tax (expense) / benefit:
- Originating from temporary differences and their reversal
- Prior-year adjustments
- Change in tax rate
- Changes arising from write-down of deferred tax assets
- Changes in previously and newly recognized tax losses and tax credits

102
(10)
3
(14)
24

127
1
4
(4)
(1)

Total deferred tax (expense) / benefit

105

127

Total tax (expense) / benefit

(118)

(64)

Of which related to:
- Taxable result excl. APM adjustments
- APM adjustments

(153)
35

(104)
40

The relationship between the income tax rate in Switzerland and the effective tax rate on the taxable
result can be explained as follows.
Effective tax rate (continuing operations)
In %

2025

2024

15.1

15.1

Tax effects of:
- Deviating rates
- Change in tax rates
- Tax-exempt income and non-deductible expense
- Other effects
Effective tax rate taxable result, excl. APM adjustments
APM adjustments (see Note 2)

3.9
(0.4)
(0.6)
2.8
20.8
-

0.4
0.5
(1.6)
0.5
14.9
0.2

Total effective tax rate

20.8

15.1

Domestic income tax rate

Sustainability Statements

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The negative balance of the deferred tax assets
and deferred tax liabilities decreased by €133
million owing to the changes presented in the
table opposite.
In various countries, dsm-firmenich has taken
standpoints regarding its tax position which
may at any time be challenged, or have already
been challenged, by the tax authorities because
the authorities in question interpret the law
differently. For particular tax treatments for
which there exists uncertainty that they are
accepted by tax authorities, dsm-firmenich
either recognizes a liability or reflects the
uncertainty in the recognition and
measurement of its current and deferred tax
assets and liabilities.
The deferred tax assets and liabilities relating to
the balance sheet items are shown in the
second table opposite.
The valuation of deferred tax assets depends
on the probability of the reversal of temporary
differences as well as the utilization of tax loss
carryforwards, tax credits, and withholding tax.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for future
tax benefits arising from temporary differences
and for tax loss carryforwards to the extent that
the tax benefits are probable. dsm-firmenich
assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets
will be recovered from future taxable profits.
Deferred tax assets are reduced if, and to the
extent that, it is not probable that all or some
portion of the deferred tax assets will be
realized. In the event that actual future results
differ from estimates, and depending on tax
strategies that dsm-firmenich may be able to
implement, changes to the measurement of
deferred taxes could be required, which could

251

have an impact on the company's financial
position and profit for the year.
From the total amount of recognized net
deferred tax assets, €20 million (2024: €50
million) relates to entities that suffered a loss in
either 2025 or 2024 and where utilization is
dependent on future taxable profits in excess
of the charges arising from the reversal of
existing taxable temporary differences. For
these entities, net deferred tax assets were
recognized on dsm-firmenich’s long-term
projection.
No deferred tax assets were recognized for
carryforward losses amounting to €1,320 million
(2024: €560 million). Unrecognized
carryforward losses amounting to €266 million
will expire in the years up to and including 2030
(2024: €66 million up to and including 2029),
€531 million losses between 2031 and 2035
(2024: nil losses between 2030 and 2034), and
the remaining €523 million in 2036 and beyond
(2024: €494 million in 2035 and beyond). In
addition, an amount of €26 million (2024: €15
million) of withholding taxes and an amount of
€19 million (2024: nil) of carryforward interest
were unrecognized.
No deferred tax liability is recognized on
temporary differences relating to unremitted
retained earnings of subsidiaries, as the Group
is able to control the timings of the reversal of
these temporary differences and it is probable
that they will not reverse in the foreseeable
future. The amount of unremitted retained
earnings on which no deferred tax liability has
been provided represents €3,297 million (2024:
€2,957 million).

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
2025

2024

Balance at January 1
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities

299
(1,556)

228
(1,751)

Total

(1,257)

(1,523)

Changes:
- Income tax income / (expense) in income statement
- Income tax: change in tax percentage

427
(6)

177
-

Total income statement

421

177

- Income tax expense in OCI
- Acquisitions and disposals
- Transfers
- Exchange differences
- Reclassification to held for sale

(20)
4
7
(279)

2
2
71
14
-

Balance at December 31

(1,124)

(1,257)

Of which:
- Deferred tax assets
- Deferred tax liabilities

227
(1,351)

299
(1,556)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities by balance sheet item
2025
Deferred tax
Deferred tax
assets
liabilities
Intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Right-of-use assets
Financial assets
Inventories
Receivables
Reclassification to held for sale
Lease liabilities non-current
Non-current provisions
Other non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities current
Other current liabilities

2024
Deferred tax
Deferred tax
assets
liabilities

142
243
9
46
118
36
(379)
68
68
1
12
62

(1,253)
(284)
(77)
(27)
(24)
(26)
100
(18)
(28)
(24)

60
31
1
41
122
15
61
74
11
85

(1,357)
(283)
(71)
(11)
(24)
(25)
(56)
(26)
(5)

426

(1,661)

501

(1,858)

Tax losses carried forward
Set off

111
(310)

310

100
(302)

302

Total

227

(1,351)

299

(1,556)

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

NOTE 8

Goodwill and intangible assets
Accounting policy
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an
acquisition over dsm-firmenich’s share in the net
fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities
in a business combination. Goodwill arising from
the acquisition of a business is included in
intangible assets. Goodwill paid on acquisition of
joint ventures or associates is included in the
carrying amount of these entities. Goodwill
recognized as an intangible asset is tested for
impairment annually, and when there are
indications that the carrying amount may exceed
the recoverable amount. A gain or loss on the
disposal of an operation includes the goodwill
allocated to the operation sold.
Intangible assets acquired as part of a
business combination

Capital expenditure that is directly related to the
development of application software is
recognized as an intangible asset and amortized
over its estimated useful life (five to eight years).
Costs of software maintenance are expensed
when incurred.
Internally generated intangible assets
Research costs are expensed when incurred.
Development expenditure is capitalized if the
recognition criteria are met and if it is
demonstrated that:
•
•
•
•
•
•

Intangible assets acquired in a business
combination are recognized at fair value on the
date of acquisition and subsequently amortized
on a straight-line basis over their expected useful
lives. The expected useful lives vary from four to
20 years.
Separately acquired intangible assets
Separately acquired licenses, patents, application
software and other purchased rights are carried
at historical cost less straight-line amortization
and less any impairment losses. The expected
useful lives vary from four to 20 years.

252

It is technically feasible to complete the asset
The entity intends to complete the asset
The entity is able to sell the asset
The asset is capable of generating future
economic benefits
Adequate resources are available to complete
the asset
The expenditure attributable to the asset can
be reliably measured

Capitalized development expenditure is
amortized over the asset’s useful life on a
straight-line basis. As long as internally generated
intangible assets are under construction, they are
not amortized as they are not yet available for
use. Instead, they are subject to a review for
impairment annually, or more frequently if events
or circumstances indicate this is necessary. Any
impairment is charged to the income statement
as it arises.

Impairment of non-financial assets

Estimates and judgments

When there are indications that the carrying
amount of a non-financial asset (goodwill, an
intangible asset, or an item of property, plant and
equipment) may exceed the estimated
recoverable amount (the higher of its value in use
and fair value less costs of disposal), an
impairment test is performed.

Key estimates and judgments dsm-firmenich
makes in the accounting for goodwill and
intangible assets relate to:

If an individual intangible asset does not generate
largely independent cash flows, the recoverable
amount is determined for the cash generating
unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. In
assessing the value in use, the estimated future
cash flows are discounted to their present value
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
market interest rates and the risks specific to the
asset or CGU.
When the recoverable amount of a non-financial
asset or a CGU is less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount is impaired to its
recoverable amount and an impairment charge is
recognized in profit or loss. An impairment loss is
reversed when there has been a change in
estimate that is relevant for the determination of
the asset’s recoverable amount since the last
impairment loss was recognized. Impairment
losses for goodwill are never reversed.

•
•

•

The amortization period of intangible assets,
which depends on their useful lives
The determination of CGUs, which depends
on the capacity of the asset or group of
assets to generate independent cash flows
The estimation and allocation of future cash
flows, growth rates, discount rates and fair
values minus costs of disposal for the
impairment testing of goodwill and intangible
assets. These estimates are based on
historical and current market rates, quoted
prices, experience, and current business
outlooks, and are generally validated by
external valuation specialists.

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Intangible assets
Goodwill

Customer
base

Brands and
trademarks

Technology
and formulas

Software,
licenses and
patents

Internally
generated

Other

Total

Cost
Amortization and impairment losses

11,315
22

4,880
777

837
105

2,174
401

813
452

676
237

258
221

20,953
2,215

Where dsm-firmenich acquired entities in
business combinations in the past, they were
accounted for by the acquisition method,
resulting in recognition of mainly goodwill,
customer- and marketing-related, and
technology-based intangible assets.
The main intangible assets recognized as a
result of the merger in 2023 are customer
relationships for €3,407 million, technology for
€1,044 million, and trademarks for €648 million.
Furthermore, an amount of €8,251 million was
recognized as goodwill.

Carrying amount

11,293

4,103

732

1,773

361

439

37

18,738

(47)
(50)
51
-

(1)
(1)
(250)
(1)
(32)
(15)

4
(69)
(4)
(3)
(16)

11
(146)
(55)
(4)
31

1
53
(108)
(1)
(1)
10

113
(70)
(11)
(25)
(5)
(5)
(33)

3
3
(1)
(11)
1
24

117
(60)
(609)
(116)
7
1

(46)

(300)

(88)

(163)

(46)

(36)

19

(660)

Cost
Amortization and impairment losses

11,302
55

4,682
879

858
214

2,068
458

1,013
698

632
229

231
175

20,786
2,708

Other significant intangibles were mainly
obtained during the acquisitions of Glycom in
2020, and F&F Amyris and First Choice
Ingredients in 2021. Intangible assets are
amortized on a straight-line basis and subject
to impairment trigger testing.

Carrying amount
- Of which acquisition-related
.

11,247
11,247

3,803
3,803

644
644

1,610
1,610

315
66

403
-

56
17

18,078
17,387

(1,069)
(11)
(170)
(550)
-

(245)
(4)
(191)
-

(63)
(2)
3
(17)
-

(6)
(123)
(12)
(101)
-

28
93
(110)
(2)
3
(41)
-

107
(102)
(10)
(18)
(12)
6
(20)
-

1
9
(1)
(33)
(6)
(8)
(20)
3

136
(1,086)
(592)
(33)
(182)
(940)
3

(1,800)

(440)

(79)

(242)

(29)

(49)

(55)

(2,694)

Cost
Amortization and impairment losses

9,511
64

4,301
938

816
251

1,846
478

995
709

581
227

112
111

18,162
2,778

Carrying amount
- Of which acquisition-related

9,447
9,447

3,363
3,363

565
565

1,368
1,368

286
60

354
-

1
-

15,384
14,803

The amortization and impairment losses of
goodwill and intangible assets are included in
Cost of sales, Marketing & Sales, Research &
Development, and General & Administrative
expenses.

There are no intangible assets with an indefinite
useful life (same as in 2024). The carrying
amount of the internally generated intangible
assets includes €130 million (2024: €137
million) that relates mainly to strategic projects
which are not being amortized yet. The
recoverable amount of these projects was
estimated based on the present value of the
future cash flows expected to be derived from
the projects (value-in-use). Out of €107 million
capital expenditure on internally generated
intangible assets, €82 million (2024: €81
million) relate to software.

253

Balance at January 1, 2024

Changes in carrying amount:
- Capital expenditure
- Put into operation
- Disposals and deconsolidations
- Amortization
- Impairment losses
- Exchange differences
- Transfers

Balance at December 31, 2024

Changes in carrying amount:
- Capital expenditure
- Put into operation
- Disposals and deconsolidations
- Amortization
- Impairment losses
- Exchange differences
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Transfers

Balance at December 31, 2025

The disposal of €1,086 million relates to the divestment in June 2025 of the Feed Enzymes business, which was part of the ANH Business Unit. Furthermore,
following the classification of the ANH business as held for sale, €940 million was reclassified accordingly at year-end 2025. See also Note 3 Change in the
scope of consolidation.

>

Sustainability Statements

Goodwill
The annual impairment tests of goodwill are
performed at year-end. The CGUs dsmfirmenich identified in 2025 are Perfumery &
Beauty (P&B), Taste, Texture & Health (TTH), and
Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC).
The recoverable amount of the CGUs is based
on a value-in-use calculation. More specifically,
the cash flow projections in Euros are based on
the budget for 2026 as well as the Long Range
Planning (LRP), as approved by management.
The key assumptions in the cash flow
projections relate to the market growth for the
CGUs and the related revenue projections,
EBITDA developments, and the rates used for
discounting cash flows.
For the CGUs P&B and HNC, which are
considered mature businesses, a forecast
period of five years is used thereafter applying
a terminal value. For TTH, an initial forecast
period of seven years was applied, reflecting
the remaining period of time during which the
identified synergies arising from the merger are
expected to continue to contribute to the
growth of this CGU.
For HNC, the growth assumptions are based on
the growth of the global food markets; for TTH
on the growth assumptions of the global food
and beverage markets; and for P&B on the
growth assumptions of the global fragrances
and personal care markets. The terminal value
growth rate is determined with the assumption
of inflationary growth. The discount rates
applied are based on available market
information.
Based on the sensitivity tests performed on the
impairment test of the CGUs P&B and TTH, it

254

was identified that a reasonably possible
adverse change in the pre-tax discount rate
could cause the carrying amount of these
CGUs to exceed their recoverable amount.
Holding all other factors constant, increases of,
respectively, 39 basis points and 70 basis
points in the pre-tax discount rates of P&B and
TTH, or a decrease of 46 basis points in the
terminal value growth of P&B would result in
recoverable amounts equal to the carrying
amounts of these CGUs. The headroom of P&B
and TTH amounted to €450 million and €731
million, respectively. The remainder of the
sensitivity tests performed indicates that the
conclusions of the impairment test of the CGUs
would not have been different if a reasonably
possible adverse change in any other key
parameter had been assumed.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Goodwill per cash generating unit
2025

2024

Perfumery & Beauty (P&B)
Taste, Texture & Health (TTH)
Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC)
Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH)

4,086
3,676
1,685
-

4,169
3,718
1,782
1,578

Total

9,447

11,247

2025

2024

5
7

5
10

Terminal value growth

2.0%

2.0%

Pre-tax discount rate
P&B
TTH
HNC

10.2%
10.1%
9.9%

9.0%
8.7%
8.6%

2%–5%
2%–11%
0%–6%

2%–4%
1%–6%
0%–7%

Key assumptions for goodwill impairment tests

Forecast period (years)
- Mature business
- Emerging business

Organic sales growth (year 1–5)
P&B
TTH
HNC

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 9

Property, plant and equipment
Accounting policy
Property, plant and equipment owned

Right-of-use assets (leases)

Impairment of property, plant or equipment

Estimates and judgments

Items of Property, plant and equipment owned
are measured at cost less depreciation
calculated on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives and less any impairment
losses. Borrowing costs during construction are
capitalized when the underlying asset under
construction meets the recognition criteria of a
qualifying asset. Subsequent expenditure is
capitalized only when it is probable that future
economic benefits associated with the item will
flow to the Group. The initially assumed
expected useful lives are in principle as follows:

dsm-firmenich mainly leases offices,
warehouses, vehicles, machinery, and other
equipment.

If there is an indication of impairment, the
carrying amount of an item of property, plant
and equipment or the cash generating unit
(CGU) to which it belongs is reviewed and the
recoverable amount of the asset or the CGU is
estimated. An impairment loss is recognized if
the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
exceeds its recoverable amount. An impairment
loss is reversed when there has been a change
in estimate that is relevant for the
determination of the asset’s recoverable
amount since the last impairment loss was
recognized.

Key estimates and judgments dsm-firmenich
makes in the accounting for items of property,
plant and equipment relate to:

•
•
•

Buildings: 10-50 years
Plant and equipment: 4-15 years
Land is not depreciated

An item of Property, plant and equipment
owned is derecognized upon disposal or when
no future economic benefits are expected to
arise from the continued use or the sale of the
asset. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
of the asset is recorded in profit or loss.

255

The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and
a lease liability at the lease commencement
date. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost
less any depreciation on a straight-line basis
over the expected lease term, less any
impairment losses, and adjusted for
remeasurements of the lease liability. In line
with the initially assumed expected useful life
of the corresponding asset class within
Property, plant and equipment, the minimum
expected lease term for building leases is in
principle 10 years. However, the contractual
terms or specific circumstances could require
applying the shorter non-cancellable period in
determining the expected lease term. For
vehicle leases, the expected lease term is set
equal to the contractual term (four to five
years).

•

•

•

The depreciation period of items of
Property, plant and equipment, which
depend on their useful lives
The determination of the lease term for
lease contracts based on assessment of
available renewal options. Estimates are
based on the underlying asset class, past
practices and current business outlooks
The estimation and allocation of future cash
flows, growth rates, discount rates and fair
values minus costs of disposal for the
impairment testing of items of Property,
plant and equipment. These estimates are
based on historical and current market
rates, experience, and current business
outlooks

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Property, plant and equipment

Composition of Property, plant and equipment

In 2025, impairment losses of €32 million on
Property, plant and equipment owned (2024:
€128 million) and of €2 million on Right-of-use
assets (2024: nil) were recognized. See also
Note 2 Alternative performance measures.

Property, plant and equipment owned
Right-of-use assets

2025
3,738
436

2024
5,223
502

Total

4,174

5,725

In addition, following the classification of the
ANH business as held for sale, €1,461 million and
€60 million in, respectively, Property, plant and
equipment owned and Right-of-use assets
were reclassified accordingly at year-end 2025.

Property, plant and equipment owned
Land and
buildings

Plant and
equipment

Under
construction

Total

Balance at January 1, 2024
Cost
Depreciation and impairments
Carrying amount at January 1, 2024

2,962
925
2,037

5,642
3,332
2,310

809
809

9,413
4,257
5,156

Changes in carrying amount:
- Capital expenditure
- Put into operation
- Disposals and deconsolidations
- Depreciation
- Impairment losses
- Exchange differences
- Transfers

11
91
(56)
(122)
(35)
44
-

57
440
(66)
(359)
(90)
32
-

645
(531)
(2)
(3)
12
(1)

713
(124)
(481)
(128)
88
(1)

(67)

14

120

67

2,886
916
1,970

5,651
3,327
2,324

930
1
929

9,467
4,244
5,223

10
131
(13)
(117)
(17)
(438)
(80)
-

61
354
(4)
(345)
(12)
(888)
(86)
-

633
(485)
(1)
(3)
(135)
(47)
(3)

704
(18)
(462)
(32)
(1,461)
(213)
(3)

(524)

(920)

(41)

(1,485)

1,963
517
1,446

2,963
1,559
1,404

888
888

5,814
2,076
3,738

Balance at December 31, 2024
Cost
Depreciation and impairments
Carrying amount at December 31, 2024
.
Changes in carrying amount:
- Capital expenditure
- Put into operation
- Disposals and deconsolidations
- Depreciation
- Impairment losses
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Exchange differences
- Transfers
Balance at December 31, 2025
Cost
Depreciation and impairments
Carrying amount at December 31, 2025

256

Sustainability Statements

Property, plant and equipment

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Right of use assets
Land and
buildings

Plant and
equipment

Total

Balance at January 1, 2024

312

81

393

Changes in carrying amount:
New leases / remeasurements
Depreciation
Impairments
Exchange rate differences

170
(65)
7

28
(31)
-

198
(96)
7

112

(3)

109

577
(153)
424

131
(53)
78

708
(206)
502

84
(70)
(33)
(21)

33
(28)
(27)
(2)
(2)

117
(98)
(60)
(2)
(23)

(40)

(26)

(66)

Cost
Depreciation and impairments

535
(151)

82
(30)

617
(181)

Carrying amount at December 31, 2025

384

52

436

Balance at December 31, 2024
Cost
Depreciation and impairments
Carrying amount at December 31, 2024
.
Changes in carrying amount:
New leases / remeasurements
Depreciation
Reclassification to held for sale
Impairments
Exchange rate differences

Balance at December 31, 2025

For the disclosures on the lease liabilities that correspond with the right-of-use assets, see Note 19 Borrowings.

257

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 10

Associates and joint arrangements
Accounting policy

Associates and joint ventures

An associate is an entity over which dsmfirmenich has significant influence but no
control or joint control, usually evidenced by a
shareholding that entitles dsm-firmenich to
between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.

The table opposite presents, in aggregate, the
carrying amount and share of profit and loss
and other movements of the associates and
joint ventures.The total share of profit (loss) of
associates and joint ventures in 2025
amounting to a loss of €97 million is mainly the
result of the losses of KD Pharma and Olatein. A
loss of €62 million was recognized in the share
in KD Pharma of which €26 million is due to
impairment. The share of the loss of Olatein
amounting to €46 million consists of a share in
the operating loss of €15 million and an
impairment of €31 million. Both impairments are
recognized as APM adjustments for a total of
€57 million (see also Note 2 Alternative
performance measures). Disposals of €24
million relates to the sale of 15% of the 25%share held by dsm-firmenich in the associate
DRT-Anthea. The equity share of the associates
which are in the perimeter of the discontinued
operations amounting to €25 million is
reclassified to held for sale. It mainly consists of
the share in Nenter Shishou (€24 million).

A joint venture is an entity over which dsmfirmenich has joint control and is entitled to its
share of the net assets and liabilities.
Investments in associates and joint ventures
are initially recognized at cost, including
transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
recognition, these investments are accounted
for by the equity method, which involves
recognition in the income statement of dsmfirmenich’s share of the associate’s or joint
venture’s profit or loss for the year determined
in accordance with the accounting policies of
dsm-firmenich. Any other results at dsmfirmenich in relation to associated companies
are recognized under Other results related to
associates and joint ventures. dsm-firmenich’s
interest in an associate or joint venture is
carried in the balance sheet at its share in the
net assets of the associate or joint venture
together with goodwill paid on acquisition, less
any impairment loss. When dsm-firmenich’s
share in the loss of an associate or joint venture
exceeds the carrying amount of that entity, the
carrying amount is reduced to zero. No further
losses are recognized unless dsm-firmenich
has responsibility for obligations relating to the
entity.

258

Joint operations
The operations Veramaris and Avansya are
accounted for in accordance with IFRS 11 for
joint operations. dsm-firmenich therefore
recognizes their amounts for the assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses in
accordance with the contractual entitlement
and obligations of dsm-firmenich, see also Note
1 General information.

Carrying amount and share of profit of associates and joint ventures
KD
Pharma

2025
Essential
Other
Olatein
Labs associates

Other
JVs

Total

2024
Total

Equity share

29%

49%

50%

Balance at January 1

159

48

96

27

12

342

130

- Share of profit (loss)
- Capital payments
- Dividends received
- Acquisitions
- Disposals
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Other consolidation change
- Exchange differences
- Other changes

(62)
(1)
-

2
(1)
(6)
-

9
1
(3)
(24)
(25)
(1)
-

(46)
19
-

(1)
(4)

(97)
20
(4)
(24)
(25)
(9)
(4)

(10)
17
(9)
208
6
-

Balance at December 31

96

43

53

-

7

199

342

Key figures of main associates on a 100% basis
KD Pharma
2025

1

2024

Essential Labs
2025
2024

Current assets
Non-current assets
Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities

264
263
66
257

325
395
71
249

25
7
5
5

19
14
2
7

Net assets (100% basis)
of which Non-controlling interest
Attributable to investee's shareholders

204
204

400
1
399

22
22

24
24

Summarized statement of profit or loss
Revenue (net sales)
Profit (loss) for the year (continuing operations)
Other comprehensive income

256
(199)
-

31
(9)
-

67
4
-

72
7
-

Total comprehensive income
of which Non-controlling interest
Attributable to investee's shareholders

(199)
(199)

(9)
(9)

4
4

7
7

1 Balance sheet at September 30, 2025, profit or loss is regarding period October 1, 2024, until September 30, 2025

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 11

Other non-current assets
Accounting policy
Other non-current assets comprise loans to
associates and joint ventures, other
participating interests, and other long-term
investments and receivables. Other
participating interests comprise equity
interests in entities in which dsm-firmenich has
no significant influence. The company generally
applies the irrevocable election upon initial
recognition to present subsequent changes in
the fair values of these interests in Other
comprehensive income (OCI) as these
represent investments that dsm-firmenich
intends to hold for a longer term for strategic
purposes. Fair value changes in OCI will not be
recycled through profit and loss upon disposal
of the interest. All dividends received will be
presented in profit or loss.
dsm-firmenich’s business model objective for
loans granted is ‘held-to-collect contractual
cash flows only’. Held-to-collect loans, other
receivables and other deferred items, for which
the contractual cash flows consist solely of
principal and interest, are measured at
amortized cost, using the effective interest
method, which generally corresponds to the
nominal value, less an adjustment for expected
credit loss. Upon disposal of these assets, the
gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. Other
long-term investments and receivables, for
which the contractual cash flows are not solely
principal and interest, are recognized at fair
value, with changes in fair value recognized in
profit or loss.

259

In 2025, the vast majority of the investments
under other participating interests were
classified as FVOCI. These other participating
interests mainly include investments in dsmfirmenich’s venturing portfolio.
The other receivables include earn-out
receivables, other loans, non-current
prepayments and security deposits.

Other non-current assets

Balance at January 1, 2024
Changes:
- Charged to the income
statement
- Disposals
- Capital payments
- Loans granted / prepayments
- Repayments / (receipts)
- Exchange differences
- Transfers
- Changes in fair value through
OCI
- Changes in fair value through
income statement
- Expected credit loss (ECL)
adjustment and impairments
- Other changes
Balance at December 31, 2024
Changes:
- Charged to the income
statement
- Disposals
- Capital payments
- Loans granted / prepayments
- Repayments / (receipts)
- Exchange differences
- Transfers
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Changes in fair value through
OCI
- Changes in fair value through
income statement
- Expected credit loss (ECL)
adjustment and impairments
- Other changes
Balance at December 31, 2025

Loans
associates and
joint ventures

Other
participating
interests

Other
receivables

Other

Total

11

576

89

15

691

47
(3)

(387)
6
(9)
11

8
55
(48)
(2)
54

1
-

8
(387)
6
102
(48)
(10)
62

-

10

-

-

10

-

2

-

-

2

(1)
54

209

(45)
111

1
17

(46)
1
391

28
-

(20)
10
(9)
6
(1)

(1)
1
(8)
25
(38)

(1)
1
(1)
3
-

(2)
(20)
10
29
1
(18)
34
(39)

-

(28)

-

-

(28)

-

-

2

-

2

(1)
(3)
78

1
168

(3)
89

3
22

(4)
1
357

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 12

Inventories
Accounting policy
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and
net realizable value. The cost of intermediates,
work-in-progress, and finished goods includes
directly attributable costs and related
production overhead expenses.
Net realizable value is determined as the
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
business, less the estimated costs of
completion and the estimated costs necessary
to make the sale.

Value adjustments for slow-moving and
obsolete inventories are made. Cost is generally
determined using the weighted average cost
formula, unless the nature of the inventories
warrants the use of the first in, first out (FIFO)
method of valuation.

Composition of inventories
Raw materials and consumables
Intermediates and finished goods

2025
624
1,593

2024
926
2,481

Adjustments to lower net realizable value

2,217
(96)

3,407
(117)

Total

2,121

3,290

2025

2024

Balance at January 1

(117)

(107)

Additions
Utilization / reversals
Exchange differences
Disposals
Transfer
Reclassification to held for sale

(122)
113
7
6
17

(82)
75
(5)
2
-

Balance at December 31

(96)

(117)

Changes in the adjustment to net realizable value

Inventories decreased by €1,169 million, mainly due to the reclassification to held for sale of the
inventories relating to the ANH business in the amount of €1,042 million at the end of 2025.

260

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 13

Current receivables
Accounting policy
Current receivables, for which the contractual
cash flows are solely principal and interest, are
initially recognized at fair value plus any directly
attributable transaction costs.
Subsequent to initial recognition, they are
measured at amortized cost, which generally
corresponds to their nominal, non-discounted
value, less an adjustment for expected credit
loss. Loss allowances for trade receivables are
always measured at lifetime expected credit
loss; see also Note 23 Financial instruments and
risks.

Information about the expected credit loss that
relates to trade accounts receivable resulting in
a loss allowance is included under Credit risk in
Note 23 Financial instruments and risks.
Other trade receivables include VAT receivables
from tax authorities for an amount of €112
million.
Deferred items comprised €93 million (2024:
€73 million) in prepaid expenses that include
advance payments for any expenditure that
would have otherwise been made during the
next 12 months.
The decrease in current receivables was mainly
due to the reclassification to held for sale of the
current receivables relating to the ANH
business in the amount of €672 million at the
end of 2025.
The carrying amount of current receivables
approximates its fair value. See Note 23
Financial instruments and risks.

261

Current receivables
2025

2024

1,633
143
77
2

2,238
306
61
4

1,855

2,609

(14)

(20)

Total Trade receivables

1,841

2,589

Income tax receivables

153

51

Other current receivables
Other taxes and social security contributions
Employee-related receivables
Acquisition-/disposal-related receivables
Interest
Loans
Other receivables
Deferred items

20
12
16
6
16
19
16

24
6
12
6
23
46
12

Total Other current receivables

105

129

2,099

2,769

Trade receivables
Trade accounts receivable
Other trade receivables
Deferred items
Receivables from associates

Expected credit loss

Total current receivables

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 14

Financial investments
Accounting policy
Financial investments are initially recognized at
fair value plus any directly attributable
transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
recognition, they are measured at amortized
cost using the effective interest method.
Deposits with banks with a maturity of between
three and 12 months are classified as financial
investments.

262

All fixed-term deposits have been placed with
institutions with a high credit rating in line with
our counterparty policy. The purpose of the
deposits is either to meet short-term cash
commitments, or to manage liquidity to such
extent that yields are optimized while allowing
dsm-firmenich sufficient freedom in fulfilling its
(strategic) goals. For more information
regarding the counterparty policy, see Note 23
Financial instruments and risks.

Financial investments
2025

2024

Fixed term deposits

121

50

Total

121

50

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

NOTE 15

Cash and cash equivalents
Accounting policy
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at
banks and in hand and deposits held at call
with banks with a maturity of less than three
months at inception.
Deposits will be classified as ‘cash equivalent’ if
held at banks with a maturity of less than three
months at inception. Deposits will be classified
as financial investments if the maturity is more
than three months but less than or equal to one
year. Bank overdrafts are included in current
liabilities. Included in cash and cash equivalents
are investments in money-market funds that do
not meet the SPPI (Solely Payments of Principal
& Interest) criterion but are held to meet shortterm cash demand and have a maturity of less
than three months at inception. Money-market
fund investments have been placed with
institutions with a high credit rating in line with
our counterparty policy.
Cash and cash equivalents are measured at
amortized cost, or at fair value through profit
and loss.

263

For dsm-firmenich, the purpose of holding cash
in deposits and money-market funds is to meet
short-term cash commitments and to manage
liquidity to such an extent that yields are
optimized, while allowing dsm-firmenich
sufficient freedom in fulfilling its (strategic)
goals.
Cash at year-end 2025 was not being used as
collateral and therefore was not restricted
(same as in 2024).
In a few countries, dsm-firmenich faces crossborder foreign exchange controls and/or other
legal restrictions that limit its ability to make
these balances available at short notice for
general use by the Group. The amount of cash
held in these countries was €72 million at yearend 2025 (2024: €233 million). The cash will
generally be invested or held in the relevant
country and, given the other liquidity resources
available to the Group, does not significantly
affect the ability of the Group to meet its
obligations. For more information regarding the
counterparty policy, see Note 23 Financial
instruments and risks.

Composition of cash and cash equivalents
2025

2024

Deposits
Money-market funds
Cash at bank and in hand
Payments in transit

62
123
1,588
9

687
504
1,472
4

Total

1,782

2,667

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

NOTE 16

Equity
Accounting policy
dsm-firmenich classifies shares and other
financial instruments for which settlement of
the contractual obligations is at the sole
discretion of dsm-firmenich as equity. The
price paid for repurchased dsm-firmenich
shares (treasury shares), or the price to be paid
for future repurchases of dsm-firmenich shares
(equity forward contracts), is deducted from
dsm-firmenich shareholders’ equity until the
shares are reissued. Treasury shares are
presented in the treasury share reserve. When
treasury shares are sold or reissued, the
amount received is recognized as an increase in
equity. Dividends to be distributed to holders
of ordinary shares are recognized as a liability
when the Annual General Meeting approves the
profit appropriation.

Movements in equity

On December 31, 2025, the capital amounted to
€2.7 million, consisting of 266 million ordinary
shares (same as on December 31, 2024). All
DSM-Firmenich AG shares have a nominal value
of €0.01 each. The outstanding shares are fully
paid and provide an entitlement of one vote per
share at the Annual General Meeting. All rights
attached to the company’s shares held by the
Group are suspended until those shares are
reissued.

264

2024

Balance at January 1

22,697

23,070

Net profit (loss) for the year
Other comprehensive income
Stock options and share units granted
Dividend
Expenditures related to issuance of new shares
Proceeds from reissue of shares
Acquisition of NCI without a change in control
Acquisition (divestment) of subsidiary with NCI
Repurchase of shares
Forward contracts to repurchase shares
Repurchase own shares covering SBC plans
Repurchase own shares for cancellation purposes
Remuneration and redemption of hybrid bonds (equity)
Other changes

(1,039)
(549)
38
(718)
5
(101)
(80)
(996)
(776)
(58)

280
173
31
(667)
(4)
21
(17)
(52)
(105)
(28)
(5)

Balance at December 31

18,423

22,697

Issued shares

Treasury shares1

Balance at January 1, 2024
Repurchase of shares
Forward contracts to repurchase shares
Reissue of shares in connection with share-based payments

265,676,388

392,572
500,000
1,000,000
(488,387)

Balance at December 31, 2024
Number of treasury shares at December 31, 2024
Forward contracts to repurchase shares at December 31, 2024
Number of shares outstanding at December 31, 2024
.

265,676,388
(404,185)
(1,000,000)
264,272,203

1,404,185

Balance at January 1, 2025
Repurchase own shares covering SBC plans
Repurchase own shares for cancellation purposes
Settlement forward contracts to repurchase shares
Increase treasury shares due to the settlements of forward contracts
Reissue of shares in connection with share-based payments

265,676,388

1,404,185
881,355
12,049,441
(1,000,000)
1,000,000
(188,990)

Balance at December 31, 2025
Number of treasury shares at December 31, 2025
Number of shares outstanding at December 31, 2025

265,676,388
(14,145,991)
251,530,397

14,145,991

Development of issued and outstanding shares DSM-Firmenich AG

Share capital

The changes in the number of issued and
outstanding shares of DSM-Firmenich AG are
shown in the table opposite.

2025

1

Including forward contracts

>

Sustainability Statements

Share premium
The share premium decreased by €379 million
(2024: decreased by €418 million) due to the
part of the dividend that was distributed out of
share premium in 2025 (2024: €414 million).
Other reserves
The Other reserves in shareholders’ equity
consist of the Translation reserve, Hedging
reserve, Reserve for share-based compensation
and Fair value reserve.
The decrease in the Translation reserve in 2025
is mainly caused by a strengthening of the euro
against the US dollar, the Chinese renminbi, and
the Indian rupee, versus a weakening against
the Swiss franc. As a consequence, the total
value of the subsidiaries increased, which led to
a negative exchange difference of €689 million
(2024: €174 million positive).
Additional information on the reserves is
provided in Note 7 Legal capital reserves to the
Parent Company Financial Statements.

265

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other reserves in Shareholders’ equity
Translation
reserve

Hedging
reserve

Reserve for
share-based
compensation

Fair value
reserve

Total

Balance at January 1, 2024

574

(7)

44

(137)

474

Changes:
Fair-value changes of derivatives
Release to income statement
Fair-value changes of other financial assets
Exchange differences
Stock options and share units granted
Stock options and share units exercised/canceled
Transfer to retained earnings
Income tax
Total changes

10
174
184

(40)
6
(34)

31
(27)
4

13
71
(2)
82

(40)
10
13
174
31
(27)
71
4
236

758

(41)

48

(55)

710

Changes:
Fair-value changes of derivatives
Release to income statement
Fair-value changes of other financial assets
Exchange differences
Stock options and share units granted
Stock options and share units exercised/canceled
Transfer to retained earnings
Income tax
Total changes

61
(689)
(26)
(654)

69
(3)
66

38
(19)
19

(25)
(10)
3
(32)

69
61
(25)
(689)
38
(19)
(10)
(26)
(601)

Balance at December 31, 2025

104

25

67

(87)

109

Balance at December 31, 2024
.

Sustainability Statements

Treasury shares and forward contracts to
repurchase shares
On April 24, 2025, dsm-firmenich took delivery
of the 1.0 million shares that were repurchased
via an equity forward contract in 2024 against
payment of the forward price of €109 million.
The total consideration amounted to €105
million.
In 2025, the Group repurchased 0.9 million
(2024: 0.5 million) shares for an amount of €80
million (2024: €52 million) to fulfill its
obligations under share-based compensation
plans. Furthermore, dsm-firmenich repurchased
12.0 million shares for an amount of €1.0 billion
in line with its program to buy back shares to
reduce its issued share capital.
At December 31, 2025, dsm-firmenich held 2.1
million (2024: 0.4 million) shares, or 0.79%
(2024: 0.15%) of the share capital, for servicing
share-option rights and share plans, and 12.0
million (2024: 0) shares, or 4.54% of the share
capital, for reducing its share capital.
The average purchase price of the ordinary
treasury shares as at December 31, 2025 was
€85.35 (2024: €104.62).

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Hybrid bonds
Firmenich International SA issued hybrid bonds
(deeply subordinated fixed rate resettable
perpetual notes) for €750 million on June 3,
2020 with a coupon of 3.75% payable annually
at the sole discretion of the issuer until the first
reset date i.e., September 3, 2025.
On August 5, 2025, dsm-firmenich called and
redeemed the notes at 100 percent of its
nominal value plus accrued interest amounting
to €26 million (2024: €28 million), as shown in
the table ‘Movements in equity’.
In accordance with the provisions of IAS 32
Financial Instruments: Presentation, this
instrument was accounted for in equity.
Other changes
Other changes in equity mainly consist of the
reciprocal option agreement to acquire the
remaining non-controlling interest in Andre
Pectin amounting to €46 million. See also Note
3 Change in the scope of consolidation and
Note 20 Other non-current liabilities.

Dividend
In 2025, the Group distributed dividends to the
holders of DSM-Firmenich AG shares
amounting to €659 million (2024: €660 million)
partly out of share premium (€379 million;
2024: €414 million); the remaining dividend
amounting to €280 million (2024: €246 million)
was distributed out of retained earnings.

266

Dividend distribution in the reporting year
2025

2024

Dividend per share: €2.50 (2024: €2.50)

659

660

Total

659

660

Shareholders DSM-Firmenich AG

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 17

Non-controlling interests
Accounting policy
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are
measured at the proportionate share of the
subsidiaries’ identifiable net assets. Profitsharing arrangements are accounted for
separately in equity by attributing any
additional profits or losses to the controlling
interest or non-controlling interest based on
the terms of the agreement.

Non-controlling interests
% of non-controlling interest

Andre Pectin
25% / 9.5%

2025
Yimante
25%

Other

Total

2024

Balance at January 1

54

100

32

186

162

Changes:
- Share of profit (loss)
- Dividend paid
- Acquisitions
- Divestments
- Other consolidation changes
- Transfers
- Exchange differences
Total changes

1
(19)
(101)
79
(1)
(41)

40
(36)
40
(4)
40

1
(4)
(3)
(6)

42
(59)
(101)
79
40
(8)
(7)

30
(7)
(17)
(6)
19
5
24

13

140

26

179

186

2025
Yimante

Other

Total

The shareholding owned by dsm-firmenich in
Yimante Health Ingredients (Jingzhou)
Company Ltd. (Jingzhou, China) is 75%. Profits
are distributed on a 50:50 basis. The impact of
this arrangement has led to a transfer of €40
million (2024: €19 million) within equity from
shareholders’ equity to non-controlling interest.

Not fully-owned subsidiaries on a 100% basis

Following the classification of the ANH business
as held-for-sale, the non-controlling interest in
Yimante was reclassified accordingly at yearend 2025.

Goodwill and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Other non-current assets
Inventories
Receivables
Current investments
Cash and cash equivalents

30
37
2
42
21
32

17
100
32
10
45
144

31
24
67
85
27

47
168
58
119
151
203

57
190
67
125
215
7
145

Total assets

164

348

234

746

806

Liabilities
Provisions (non-current)
Borrowings (non-current)
Other non-current liabilities
Borrowings and derivatives (current)
Other current liabilities

8
1
1
19

1
33

3
7
5
83

11
8
6
1
135

13
29
7
19
104

Total liabilities

29

34

98

161

172

Net assets (100% basis)

135

314

136

585

634

Net sales
Net profit for the year
Cash provided by / (used in) operating activities

91
8
47

365
159
293

325
14
45

781
181
385

706
123
153

In the reporting period, dsm-firmenich acquired
an additional 15.5% of the shares in Andre
Pectin (Yantai, China) for a purchase price of
€101 million. It also concluded with the minority
shareholder on a reciprocal option to acquire
the remaining 9.5% of the shares in Andre
Pectin. See also Note 3 Change in the scope of
consolidation and Note 20 Other non-current
liabilities.

267

Balance at December 31

Andre Pectin

2024

Assets

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 18

Provisions
Accounting policy
Provisions are recognized when there is a
present legal or constructive obligation as a
result of past events, when it is probable that
an outflow of resources will be required to
settle the obligation, and when a reliable
estimate of the amount can be made. The
underlying assumptions in the recognition of
provisions are based on historical experience
and other factors, including expectations of
future events that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances.
In cases where the effect of the time value of
money is material, provisions are measured at
the present value of the expenditures expected
to be required to settle the obligation. Where
discounting is used, the increase in the
provision due to time passing is recognized as
financial expense. Differences in final
obligations and initial estimates are recognized
in the consolidated income statement in the
period in which such determination is made.
Estimates and judgments
Main estimates relate to determining the
likelihood and timing of potential cash flows
included in their measurement.

268

The base rate used for discounting increased
from 3.4% to 3.9%. Depending on the risk
profile, the discount rates used at the end of
2025 vary from 3.9% to 6.2% (2024: 3.4% to
5.3%). The balance of provisions measured at
present value increased by less than €2 million
in 2025 in view of the passage of time (same in
2024).
Provisions for restructuring costs and
termination benefits mainly relate to the costs
of redundancy schemes connected to the
dismissal of employees and costs of
termination of contracts. These provisions
generally have a term of one to three years. The
additions of €33 million related mainly to
various smaller restructuring projects across
the company.
The provisions for environmental costs mainly
relate to soil clean-up obligations and have an
average life of around 30 years.
Several items have been combined under Other
provisions, e.g., demolition costs, onerous
contracts and legal claims. These provisions
have an average life of one to ten years. The
release of €48 million includes the positive
outcome of a legal dispute of €26 million and
the release of Insurance related provisions of
€9 million, following the merger of the internal
Insurance companies.

Provisions
Restructuring Environmental
costs and
costs
termination
benefits

Other
provisions

Total

Balance at January 1, 2024
Of which current

72
25

33
3

71
6

176
34

Changes:
- Additions
- Releases
- Uses
- Other change
Total changes

38
(4)
(58)
1
(23)

(3)
(3)

66
(24)
(22)
(6)
14

104
(28)
(83)
(5)
(12)

49
24

30
3

85
50

164
77

Changes:
- Additions
- Releases
- Uses
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Other change
Total changes

33
(12)
(24)
(6)
(9)

(4)
(4)

16
(47)
(14)
(3)
(48)

49
(59)
(42)
(9)
(61)

Balance at December 31, 2025
Of which current

40
37

26
-

37
14

103
51

Balance at December 31, 2024
Of which current
.

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

NOTE 19

Borrowings
Accounting policy
Borrowings
Borrowings, including bonds, are not held for
trading and are initially recognized at fair value
of the proceeds received, net of transaction
costs. Subsequently, borrowings are stated at
amortized cost using the effective interest
method, with any discount or premium on the
borrowing amortized over the applicable term.
The corresponding interest expenses are
recorded as financial expense in profit or loss.
Lease liabilities
The lease liability is initially measured at the
present value of the lease payments that are
not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using the interest rate implicit in
the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing
rate. Generally, dsm-firmenich uses its
incremental borrowing rate as the discount
rate. In determining the incremental borrowing
rate, we apply the practical expedient to use a
single discount rate to portfolios of leases with
reasonably similar characteristics, as reflected
in the contractual currency and expected lease
term of these contracts. In general, dsmfirmenich splits the contractual consideration
into a lease and a non-lease component based
on their relative stand-alone prices. For vehicle
leases, however, we apply the practical
expedient not to make this split but rather
account for the fixed consideration as a single

269

lease component. Over time, the lease liability
increases due to the interest expense related
to the unwinding of the lease liability and
decreases with the lease payments made. The
lease liability is remeasured to reflect
reassessments or modifications to contractual
terms and lease conditions, including
indexation. Payments related to short-term
leases (leases with a term shorter than 12
months) are recognized on a straight-line basis
in profit or loss.

Borrowings by type

Borrowings
Agreements governing loans with a residual
amount at year-end 2025 of €4,716 million
(December 31, 2024: €4,451 million) include
negative pledge clauses that restrict the
provision of security. At December 31, 2025,
there was €2,201 million in borrowings
outstanding with a remaining term of more than
five years (at December 31, 2024, €2,212
million). dsm-firmenich redeemed in full the 1%
EUR bond 2015–2025 of €500 million on the
maturity date on April 9, 2025.
On February 25, 2025, dsm-firmenich issued an
11-year €750 million bond. The bond, issued by
DSM B.V. and guaranteed by DSM-Firmenich AG,
has a coupon of 3.375% and matures on
February 25, 2036. Credit institutions
comprised a €108 million liability in 2024 for
the forward contract to repurchase own shares.
This contract matured in April 2025 and the
corresponding liability amount is nil at
December 31, 2025– see also Note 16 Equity.

2025
Total

Of which
current

2024
Total

Of which
current

Bonds
Private loans
Lease liabilities
Credit institutions

4,716
55
463
43

1,489
51
77
43

4,451
132
524
173

500
73
90
173

Total

5,277

1,660

5,280

836

2025

2024

Less than one year
One to two years
Two to three years
Three to four years
Four to five years
More than five years

1,660
59
546
33
778
2,201

836
1,589
71
539
33
2,212

Total

5,277

5,280

2025

2024

EUR
USD
CHF
CNY
BRL
Other

4,770
224
94
42
22
125

4,709
216
104
98
19
134

Total

5,277

5,280

Borrowings by maturity

Borrowings by currency

>

Sustainability Statements

Bonds
The bonds issued by DSM B.V. have a fixed
interest rate. The bonds issued in the period
2015-2020 are listed on the AEX (Euronext
Amsterdam index). The bonds issued in 2024
and 2025 are listed on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange.
•

•

•

•

•

•

The 1% EUR bond 2015–2025 of €500
million was pre-hedged by means of
forward starting swaps, resulting in an
effective interest rate for this bond at 3.65%,
including the settlement of the pre-hedge
The 0.75% EUR bond 2016–2026 of €750
million was pre-hedged by means of a
collar, resulting in an effective interest rate
for this bond of 1.08%, including the
settlement of the pre-hedge
The 0.25% EUR bond 2020–2028 of €500
million has an effective interest rate of
0.29%
The 0.625% EUR bond 2020–2032 of €500
million has an effective interest rate of
0.70%
The 3.625% EUR bond 2024-2034 of €800
million has an effective interest rate of
3.69%
The 3.375% EUR bond 2025-2036 of €750
million has an effective interest rate of
3.50%

270

The bonds issued by Firmenich Productions
Participations SAS (guaranteed by Firmenich
International SA) have a fixed interest rate and
are listed on Euronext Dublin.
•
•

The 1.375% EUR bond 2020–2026 of €750
million has an effective interest rate of 3.18%
The 1.750% EUR bond 2020–2030 of €750
million has an effective interest rate of
3.47%

Lease liabilities
In addition to the contractual lease
commitments, dsm-firmenich has identified
explicit renewal options available to the
company which are currently not reasonably
certain to be exercised and are therefore not
included in the measurement of the lease. The
associated future lease payments, which are
uncommitted and optional for dsm-firmenich,
are estimated at around €165 million
(undiscounted; 2024: €196 million) and cover
future periods until 2063. The interest expense
on the lease liabilities was €17 million (2024:
€13 million) and the total repayments of the
lease liabilities amounted to €109 million in
2025 (2024: €110 million). These cash flows are
reported as financing cash flows. dsmfirmenich’s policy regarding financial risk
management is described in Note 23 Financial
instruments and risks.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Movements of borrowings
2025

2024

Balance at January 1

5,280

4,830

Loans taken up
Repayments
Unwinding (interest)
Disposals and deconsolidations
Reclassification to held for sale
Changes in debt to credit institutions
Forward contract to repurchase shares
New lease arrangements (incl. remeasurements)
Payment of lease liabilities
Exchange differences

740
(561)
42
(111)
25
(105)
117
(109)
(41)

833
(623)
45
(37)
37
105
198
(110)
2

Balance at December 31

5,277

5,280

Bonds
Coupon rate

Term

Nominal amount

2025

2024

1.00%
0.75%
0.25%
0.63%
1.38%
1.75%
3.63%
3.38%

2015—2025
2016—2026
2020—2028
2020—2032
2020—2026
2020—2030
2024—2034
2025—2036

500
750
500
500
750
750
800
750

750
499
497
739
697
795
739

500
750
499
496
719
694
793
-

5,300

4,716

4,451

2025

2024

Less than one year
One to two years
Two to three years
Three to four years
Four to five years
More than five years
Total undiscounted lease liabilities at December 31

83
70
51
45
41
282
572

99
96
65
50
42
291
643

Lease liabilities included in the Balance Sheet at December 31

463

524

EUR loan
EUR loan
EUR loan
EUR loan
EUR loan
EUR loan
EUR loan
EUR loan
Total

Lease liabilities breakdown

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 20

Other non-current liabilities
Accounting policy
Other liabilities are measured at amortized
cost, which generally corresponds to the
nominal value, or at fair value through profit or
loss. The latter is mainly applied to acquisition/divestment-related liabilities.
Government grants are recognized at their fair
value if there is reasonable assurance that the
grant will be received and that all related
conditions will be complied with.

271

Governments grants either relate to income
(cost grants) or to assets (investment grants)
Cost grants, which are grants that compensate
dsm-firmenich for expenses incurred, are
recognized as income over the periods
necessary to match the grant on a systematic
basis to the cost that it is intended to
compensate.
If the grant is an investment grant, its fair value
is initially recognized as deferred income in
Other non-current liabilities and then released
to profit or loss over the expected useful life of
the relevant asset.

Other non-current liabilities
Investment grants / customer funding
Deferred items
Acquisition-/divestment-related liabilities
Total

2025
21
31
50

2024
63
36
10

102

109

The decrease in investment grants / customer funding is mainly caused by the transfer to assets held
for sale. See also Note 3 Change in the scope of consolidation.
The increase in acquisition- / divestment-related liabilities relates mainly to the reciprocal option
agreement to acquire the remaining non-controlling interest in Andre Pectin.

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 21

Current liabilities
Accounting policy
Current liabilities are measured at amortized
cost, which generally corresponds to the
nominal value, or at fair value through profit or
loss. The latter is mainly applied to acquisition/divestment-related liabilities.

Trade accounts payable include amounts due
to suppliers which could be part of a supply
chain finance arrangement between the
supplier and a third-party bank.
Following the classification of the ANH business
as held for sale, current liabilities for an amount
of €931 million were reclassified accordingly at
year-end 2025.
Suppliers can enter into such arrangements
with third-party banks, and access earlier
payment on terms linked to the investmentgrade credit rating of dsm-firmenich. If a
supplier participates, this does not impact
classification of the trade payable, as
arrangements are concluded between them
and banks and do not alter payment conditions
between the supplier and us. Additionally, dsmfirmenich does not incur any additional interest
toward the bank on the amounts due to the
suppliers. Therefore, these amounts remain
classified as trade payables and the related
payments are included in operating cash flows.
Following the classification of the ANH business
as held for sale, the carrying amount of
liabilities subject to supplier finance
arrangements presented within trade and other
payables decreased by €179 million.

272

Current liabilities
2025

2024

Trade payables
Received in advance
Trade accounts payable
Notes and cheques due

6
1,475
-

5
2,267
4

Total Trade payables

1,481

2,276

Income tax payables

303

223

Other current liabilities
Other taxes and social security contributions
Interest
Pensions
Investment creditors
Employee-related liabilities
Acquisition-/divestment-related liabilities
Other

56
47
1
233
261
57
11

87
36
1
203
454
36
9

Total Other current liabilities

666

826

2,450

3,325

2025

2024

Presented within trade and other payables (beginning of the period)

218

207

Presented within trade and other payables (end of the period)
- Of which suppliers have received payment (by a third-party bank)

46
42

218
178

Total current liabilities

Supplier finance arrangements
Carrying amount of liabilities

Range of payment due dates
Liabilities that are part of supplier finance arrangements
Comparable trade payables that are not part of a supplier finance arrangement

30-120 days
30-120 days
after invoice date after invoice date
0-120 days after
0-120 days
invoice date after invoice date

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 22

Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations
Guarantee obligations
Guarantee obligations are principally related to
VAT and duties on the one hand and to
financing obligations of associated companies
or related third parties on the other. Guarantee
obligations will only lead to a cash outflow
when called upon in which case a liability will
be recognized. Most of the outstanding orders
for projects under construction will be
completed in 2026. Other relates mainly to
contingent liabilities in contracts for catalysts.
Litigation
dsm-firmenich has a process in place to
monitor legal claims periodically and
systematically. dsm-firmenich is involved in
several legal proceedings, most of which are
related to the ordinary course of business.
dsm-firmenich does not expect these
proceedings to result in liabilities that have a
material effect on the company's financial
position. However, in cases where it is probable
that the outcome of the proceedings will be
unfavorable, and the financial outcome can be
measured reliably, a provision has been
recognized in the financial statements and
disclosed in Note 18 Provisions.
In 2015, an award was issued against DSM
Sinochem Pharmaceuticals India Private Ltd.
(DSP India) in a protracted arbitration case in
India going back to 2004 involving a joint
venture that DSP India had formed with
Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd., which suspended its

273

operations in 2003. DSP India (renamed to
Centrient Pharmaceuticals after divestment by
the former DSM in 2018) is covered by an
indemnity from DSM B.V. for this case. In 2015,
DSP India made an application with the Civil
Court in Pune (India) to set aside the arbitral
award. The award amounts to INR 127.5 crore
(€12 million as at year-end 2025) excluding
interest of 12% per year as of 2004. dsmfirmenich provided the Pune Court a bank
guarantee of INR 410 crore (€39 million as at
year-end 2025). At the end of 2025,
application proceedings were still pending.
dsm-firmenich views this case as unfounded
and is of the opinion that the likelihood of the
award being ultimately set aside is high.
Therefore, no liability is recognized in respect of
this case.
In 2019, Brazilian tax authorities disagreed with
certain tax treatment as applied by the
company in 2014–2016, which would have an
effect on such prior year income tax returns of
around BRL 170 million (€26 million as at yearend 2025), including penalties and interest.
dsm-firmenich views this case as unfounded
and considers that the possibility of winning
this case is high, as confirmed by external legal
counsel. Therefore, no liability relating to this
case is recognized. Currently certain elements
are subject to appeal at the Superior Chamber
(at administrative level). In the event that dsmfirmenich receives an unfavorable decision, the
case can still be taken to the Judicial Court.

In 2023, certain competition authorities
commenced an industry-wide investigation
into the fragrances sector alleging potential
violations of anti-trust law. As part thereof,
unannounced inspections were carried out at
several Firmenich offices in France, the United
Kingdom and Switzerland, and Firmenich
received a subpoena from the Antitrust Division
of the United States Department of
Justice. Subsequently, regulatory authorities in
other jurisdictions also launched parallel antitrust investigations. The company is fully
cooperating with the authorities. The United
States Department of Justice has recently
advised the company that it shall be closing its
anti-trust investigation of dsm-firmenich. As
per the date of the release of this Report, no
additional updates on the investigations are
available. In addition, multiple civil lawsuits have
been filed against the company relating to the
investigation.

Contingent liabilities and other financial
obligations
Guarantee
obligations on behalf
of associates and
third parties
Outstanding orders
for projects under
construction
Other
Total

2025

2024

176

173

12
61

13
54

249

240

The contingent liabilities and other financial
obligations in the above table are not
recognized in the balance sheet.

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 23

Financial instruments and risks
Policies on financial risks

Liquidity risk

As an international company, dsm-firmenich is
exposed to financial risks in the normal course
of business. A major objective for the company
is to minimize the impact of liquidity risk,
market risk, and credit risk on the value of the
company and its profitability. In order to
achieve this, a systematic financial and risk
management system has been established.

Liquidity risk is the financial risk that an entity
does not have and/or cannot access enough
liquid cash and/or assets to meet its
obligations. This can happen if the entity’s
credit rating falls, or when it experiences
sudden unexpected cash outflows or an
unexpected drop in cash inflows, or some other
event that causes counterparties to avoid
trading with or lending to the entity.
Additionally, an entity can be indirectly
exposed to market liquidity risk if the financial
markets on which it depends are subject to
loss of liquidity.

dsm-firmenich uses derivative financial
instruments to manage financial risks relating to
business operations and does not enter into
speculative derivative positions.
An important element of dsm-firmenich’s
capital management is the allocation of cash
flow. dsm-firmenich primarily allocates cash
flow to investments aimed at strengthening its
business positions and securing the payment
of dividends to its shareholders. The remaining
cash flow is further used for acquisitions and
partnerships that strengthen dsm-firmenich’s
competences and market positions.

The primary objective of liquidity management
is to optimize the corporate cash position,
among other means by securing availability of
sufficient liquidity for the execution of
payments by dsm-firmenich entities, at the
right time and in the right place.
At December 31, 2025, dsm-firmenich had cash
and cash equivalents of €1,782 million (2024:
€2,667 million).
dsm-firmenich has a €1.8 billion revolving credit
facility (RCF). The syndicated facility, which
dsm-firmenich entered into in 2024 with a
group of 15 banks, has a tenor of five years and
two one-year extension options. The RCF
neither contains financial covenants nor
material adverse change clauses. At year-end
2025, no loans had been taken up under the
committed credit facilities.

274

On December 13, 2024, dsm-firmenich
concluded a €1.0 billion bridge facility to
provide additional financial flexibility in light of
upcoming bond maturities. The agreement
neither contains financial covenants nor
material adverse change clauses. The issuance
by dsm-firmenich of a €750 million bond on
February 25, 2025 reduced the undrawn
amount of the bridge financing facility to €250
million. The remaining undrawn amount was
cancelled on March 7, 2025.
Furthermore, DSM B.V. has a commercial paper
program amounting to €2.0 billion (2024: €2.0
billion). At December 31, 2025, there were no
ECP outstanding (2024: there were no ECP
outstanding).
Floating-rate and fixed-rate borrowings and
monetary liabilities analyzed by maturity are
summarized in the following table.
dsm-firmenich manages financial liabilities and
related derivative contracts on the basis of the
remaining contractual maturities of these
instruments. The remaining maturities
presented in the following table provide an
overview of the timing of the cash flows related
to these instruments.

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

The ‘Derivatives cash flow’ table opposite
reflects the exposure of the derivatives to
liquidity risk. It contains the cash flows from
derivatives with positive fair values and from
derivatives with negative fair values to provide a
complete overview of the derivative-related
cash flows. The amounts are gross and
undiscounted.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Liquidity risk of financial liabilities
Carrying
amount

Within 1 year

1 to 2 years

2 to 3 years

3 to 4 years

4 to 5 years

After 5 years

Borrowings
Monetary liabilities
Guarantees
Derivatives
Interest payments
Cash at redemption¹

5,277
2,514
176
28
672
91

1,660
2,450
5
14
94
27

59
3
43
13
77
15

546
3
77
15

33
3
1
75
15

778
3
12
74
7

2,201
52
115
1
275
12

Total
.

8,758

4,250

210

641

127

874

2,656

Borrowings
Monetary liabilities
Guarantees
Derivatives
Interest payments
Cash at redemption¹

5,280
3,352
173
67
436
100

836
3,325
5
60
67
30

1,589
5
2
7
62
26

71
3
47
12

539
3
47
12

33
3
45
12

2,212
13
166
168
8

Total

9,408

4,323

1,691

133

601

93

2,567

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

Total

3,615
(3,570)

4
(19)

4
(5)

3
(5)

3
(4)

3,629
(3,603)

24
(31)

5
(5)

1
(1)

11
(11)

-

3,130
(3,178)

2025

2024

1. Difference between nominal redemption and amortized costs.

Derivatives cash flow

2025
Inflow
Outflow
2024
Inflow
Outflow

275

3,089
(3,130)

>

Sustainability Statements

Market risk

Financial instruments that are subject to
changes in stock exchange prices or indexes
are subject to a price risk. At year-end 2025,
mainly other participating interests are subject
to price risks.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that adverse
movements of interest rates lead to high costs
on interest-bearing debt or assets, which
negatively impact our ability to honor our
commitments. The aim is to minimize the
interest rate risks associated with the financing
of the company and thus at the same time
optimize the net interest costs. This translates
into a certain desired profile of fixed-interest
and floating-interest positions, including cash
and cash equivalents, with the floating-interest
position not exceeding 60% of net debt.
The following analysis of the sensitivity of
borrowings, assets, and related derivatives to
interest rate movements assumes an
instantaneous 1% change in interest rates for all
maturities from their level on December 31,
2025, with all other variables held constant. A
1% reduction in interest rates would result in a
€18 million pre-tax loss in the income
statement and equity on the basis of the
composition of financial instruments on
December 31, 2025, as floating-rate borrowings
are more than compensated for by floating-rate
assets (mainly cash). The opposite applies in
the case of a 1% increase in interest rates.

276

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sensitivity to change in interest rate
2025

Market risk can be subdivided into price risk,
interest rate risk, and currency risk.
Price risk

<

Carrying amount

Loans to associates and joint ventures
Current investments
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term borrowings
Long-term borrowings

78
121
1,782
(1,660)
(3,617)

For more information regarding fixed or floating interest, see Note 19 Borrowings.

2024
Sensitivity
+1%
1
18
(1)
-

Carrying
amount
(1%)
(1)
(18)
1
-

54
50
2,667
(836)
(4,444)

Sensitivity
+1%
1
27
(1)
-

(1%)
(1)
(27)
1
-

Sustainability Statements

Currency risk

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Sensitivity to change in exchange rate
2025

Adverse movements of foreign currencies can
negatively impact the results of operations and
our financial condition, e.g., due to losses on
assets or liabilities in foreign currencies. The
aim is to hedge risks resulting from sales and
purchases at the moment of recognition of the
receivables and payables. This is done by
transferring at spot rates the respective
exposures to the Group, which are, then (on a
netted basis), hedged externally – see also the
section below on Hedge accounting.
The following table assumes a 10% change in all
foreign currency rates against the euro from
their level on December 31, 2025, with all other
variables constant. A +10% change indicates a
strengthening of the foreign currencies against
the euro, and vice-versa.

>

Carrying amount

Loans to associates and joint ventures
Current investments
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term borrowings
(excluding lease liabilities)
Long-term borrowings
(excluding lease liabilities)
Lease liabilities
Currency forward contracts
Average-rate forwards used for economic hedging¹
Other derivatives

2024
Sensitivity

Carrying
amount

Sensitivity

78
121
1,782

+10%
1
2
58

(10%)
(1)
(2)
(71)

54
50
2,667

+10%
1
2
48

(10%)
(1)
(2)
(48)

(1,583)

(13)

16

(746)

(9)

9

(3,231)
(463)
(2)
30
46

(33)
46
66
1

40
(57)
(13)
(16)

(4,010)
(524)
(2)
(35)
44

(5)
(40)
(3)
1

5
40
3
(1)

Profit or loss
Strengthening

Weakening

1. Fair-value change reported in Hedging reserve.

Sensitivity changes on these positions will
generally be recognized in profit or loss or in
the Translation reserve in equity, with the
exception of the instruments for which cash
flow hedge accounting or net-investment
hedge accounting is applied. In case of a
strengthening or weakening of the euro against
USD, CHF and CNY (being the key currencies),
this would affect the translation of financial
instruments denominated in these currencies
taking into account the effect of hedge
accounting and assuming all other variables
being constant.
Sensitivity to change in exchange rate for main currencies

EUR
USD (10% movement)
CHF (10% movement)
CNY (10% movement)

277

(34)
(28)
(11)

41
34
14

Equity
Strengthening
Weakening
(643)
(695)
(73)

785
849
89

Sustainability Statements

Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a (commercial or
financial) counterparty may not be able to
honor a financial commitment according to the
contractual agreement with dsm-firmenich.
The company manages the credit risk to which
it is exposed by applying credit limits per
institution and by dealing exclusively with
institutions that have a high credit rating.
At the balance sheet date, there were no
significant concentrations of credit risks.
For all financial assets measured at amortized
cost, the estimation of the loss allowance for
doubtful accounts receivable is based on an
expected credit loss (ECL) model. For trade
receivables, dsm-firmenich uses an allowance
matrix to measure the lifetime ECL for trade
receivables. The loss rates depend among other
things on the specified aging categories and
are based on historical write-off percentages,
taking market developments into account.
For other financial assets, dsm-firmenich
applies an ECL model that reflects the size and
significance of dsm-firmenich’s exposure to
credit loss.
The ECL is based on the allocation of a credit
risk grade which is based on data that is
determined to be predictive of the risk of loss
(including but not limited to external ratings,
audited financial statements, management
accounts, cash flow projections, and available
press information about customers) and
applying experienced credit judgement.

278

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative
and quantitative factors that are indicative of
the risk of default and are aligned to external
credit rating definitions from Moody’s. Risk of
default is herewith considered as the risk of
bankruptcy, or any legal impediment to the
timely payment of either interest and/or
principal, as well as missed or delayed
disbursement of either interest and/or
principal. The loss allowance on non-current
financial assets taken into consideration at the
end of 2025 was €4 million (2024: €2 million).

At Business Unit level, outstanding receivables
are continuously monitored by management.
Appropriate allowances are made for any credit
risks that have been identified in line with the
expected credit loss policy.

With regard to treasury activities (for example
cash, cash equivalents, and derivatives held
with banks or financial institutions) it is ensured
that financial transactions are only concluded
with counterparties that have at least a
Moody’s credit rating of A3 for long-term
instruments.

The maximum exposure to credit risk is
represented by the carrying amounts of
financial assets that are recognized in the
balance sheet, including derivative financial
instruments. dsm-firmenich has International
Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA)
agreements in place with its financial
counterparties that allow for the netting of
exposures in case of a default of either party,
but do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the
balance sheet.

The first table on the following page provides
information about the credit risk exposure per
aging category and the ECL for trade accounts
receivable of €14 million at December 31, 2025
(December 31, 2024: €20 million), see Note 13
Current receivables.

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

The table ‘Notional value of derivative financial
instruments’ further below presents the
carrying amounts of the derivative financial
instruments subject to these agreements. No
significant agreements or financial instruments
were available at the reporting date that would
reduce the maximum exposure to credit risk.
Information about financial assets is presented
in Note 10 Associates and joint arrangements,
Note 11 Other non-current assets, Note 13
Current receivables, Note 14 Financial
investments and Note 15 Cash and cash
equivalents.
dsm-firmenich may grant corporate guarantees
for credit support of subsidiaries and
associates, to get access to credit facilities
which are necessary for their operating working
capital needs and which cannot be funded by
the corporate cash pools and/or for bank
guarantees needed for local governmental
requirements. Information on guarantees is
presented in Note 22 Contingent liabilities and
other financial obligations.
The changes in the expected credit loss for
trade accounts receivable can be found in the
two tables on the next page.

Sustainability Statements

Trade accounts receivable - Credit risk
exposure per aging category

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

2025
Weighted average Gross carrying
loss rate
amount

Notional value of derivative financial
instruments

(2)
(12)

1,609

(14)

2,238

(20)

2025

2024

(20)

(27)

Net remeasurement of expected credit loss
Deductions
Disposals
Reclassification to held for sale
Exchange differences

(2)
3
5
-

4
3
-

Balance at December 31

(14)

(20)

2025

2024

Receivables from derivatives presented in the balance sheet
Related amounts not offset in the balance sheet

101
(12)

74
(18)

Net amount

89

56

Liabilities from derivatives presented in the balance sheet
Related amounts not offset in the balance sheet

(28)
12

(67)
18

Net amount

(16)

(49)

Expected
credit loss

Balance at January 1

Cross-currency interest rate swaps
Forward exchange contracts, currency options, currency swaps
Other derivatives
Total

279

>

1,425
102
53
29

0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
41.4%

Total

Exposure to credit risk related to derivatives

Parent Company Financial Statements

2024
Weighted Gross carrying
average loss
amount
rate
0.0%
2,026
0.2%
117
0.8%
56
48.7%
39

Neither past due nor impaired
1–29 days overdue
30–89 days overdue
90 days or more overdue

Changes in expected credit loss for trade
accounts receivable

>

Expected
credit loss
(1)
(19)

Non-current
103
2
72

2025
Current
13
4,765
-

Total
116
4,767
72

Non-current
(13)
(6)

2024
Current
(1,822)
-

Total
(13)
(1,822)
(6)

177

4,778

4,955

(19)

(1,822)

(1,841)

Sustainability Statements

Hedging and hedge accounting
Any financial derivative contracts used by
dsm-firmenich are entered into exclusively in
connection with the corresponding underlying
transaction (hedged item) relating to normal
operating business. The financial instruments
used are customary products, such as currency
swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and
forward exchange contracts.
dsm-firmenich mainly applies cash flow hedge
accounting. The purpose of cash flow hedges is
to minimize the risk of volatility of future cash
flows. These may result from a recognized asset
or liability or a forecast transaction that is
considered highly probable (firm commitment).
dsm-firmenich determines the existence of an
economic relationship between the hedging
instrument and hedging item based on
currency, amount, and timing of their
respective cash-flows.
Cash flow hedges
During 2025, dsm-firmenich used currency
forward contracts and spot contracts to hedge
the on-balance sheet exposure, and averagerate currency forwards to hedge the long-term
forecasted exposure. At year-end, these
instruments had remaining maturities of less
than one year. For the hedging of currency risks
from firm commitments and forecast
transaction cash flows, hedge accounting is
applied.
To hedge intercompany loans, receivables, and
payables denominated in currencies other than
the functional currency of the subsidiaries, we
use currency swaps or forward contracts.

280

dsm-firmenich hedges the long-term
forecasted exposure to currency risks from firm
commitments and forecast transactions. The
currencies involved are primarily USD and CHF.
CNY has significant exposure for the Group.
However, it does not meet the threshold for
cash flow hedging.
In 2025, dsm-firmenich hedged USD 859
million (2024: USD 1,129 million) of its 2026
projected net cash flow in USD against the euro
by means of average-rate currency forward
contracts at an average exchange rate of USD
1.14 per EUR for the four quarters of 2026. Each
quarter, the relevant hedges for that quarter will
be settled and recognized in the income
statement.
In 2025, dsm-firmenich also the projected CHF
obligations against the EUR, namely CHF 322
million (2024: CHF 380 million) at an average
exchange rate of CHF 0.92 per EUR. These
hedges have fixed the exchange rate for part of
the USD and CHF payments in 2026. Cash flow
hedge accounting is applied for these hedges.
In 2025, €34 million profit was recognized in
the operating profit of the segments involved in
accordance with the realization of the expected
cash flows. There was no ineffectiveness in
relation to these hedges.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Cash flow hedges foreign currency risk
Cash flow hedges foreign currency
risk
Inventory
Other
purchases
2025
Nominal amount hedged item
Carrying amount assets
Carrying amount liabilities
Line item balance sheet
Change in the value of the hedging instrument
Costs of hedging recognized in OCI
Reclassified from hedging reserve to income statement
Line item income statement
.
2024
Nominal amount hedged item
Carrying amount assets
Carrying amount liabilities
Line item balance sheet
Change in the value of the hedging instrument
Costs of hedging recognized in OCI
Reclassified from hedging reserve to income statement
Line item income statement

Derivatives
Cost of sales

433
32
(1)
Derivatives
(65)
10
(34)
Sales

10
1
Derivatives
(1)
Cost of sales

667
6
(41)
Derivatives
59
63
4
Sales

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Fair value of financial instruments
The fair values of derivatives and long-term
instruments are based on calculations, quoted
market prices or quotes obtained from
intermediaries. The portfolio of derivatives
consists of average-rate forward contracts that
are valued against average foreign exchange,
forward rates obtained from Bloomberg and
other derivatives that are valued using a
discounted cash flow model, applicable market
yield curves and foreign exchange spot rates.
Inputs for the fair value calculations represent
observable market data that are obtained from
external sources that are deemed to be
independent and reliable.
We use the following hierarchy for determining
the fair value of financial instruments:
•
•

•

Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities
Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs
with a significant effect on the fair value are
observable, either directly or indirectly
Level 3: techniques that use inputs with a
significant effect on the fair value that are
not based on observable market data

The following table shows the carrying amounts
and fair values of financial assets and financial
liabilities, including their levels in the fair value
hierarchy. It does not include fair value
information for the financial assets and financial
liabilities measured at amortized cost if the
carrying amount is a reasonable approximation
of the fair value.

Amort. Cost
Assets 2025
Non-current derivatives
Other participating interests
Non-current loans to associates
and JVs
Other non-current receivables
Trade receivables
Other current receivables¹
Current derivatives
Current investments
Cash and cash equivalents
Liabilities 2025
Non-current borrowings
Non-current derivatives
Other non-current liabilities
Current borrowings
Current derivatives
Trade payables
Other current liabilities¹
.

Carrying amount
Fair value
FVTPL
hedging instr.

FVOCI

Total

Level 1

Fair Value
Level 2

Level 3

Total

-

-

60
-

168

60
168

67

60
48

53

60
168

78
111
1,841
73
121
1,659

31
-

10
123

-

78
111
1,841
73
41
121
1,782

123

41
-

-

41
123

(3,617)
(102)
(1,660)
(1,481)
(291)

(2)
-

(14)
(12)
(57)

-

(3,617)
(14)
(102)
(1,660)
(14)
(1,481)
(348)

(3,136)
(1,486)
-

(14)
-

(14)
(57)

(3,136)
(14)
(1,486)
(14)
(57)

Assets 2024
Non-current derivatives
Other participating interests
Non-current loans to associates
and JVs
Other non-current receivables
Trade receivables
Other current receivables¹
Current derivatives
Current investments
Cash and cash equivalents

-

2
-

49
-

209

51
209

90

51
74

45

51
209

54
128
2,589
99
50
2,163

23
-

504

-

54
128
2,589
99
23
50
2,667

504

23
-

-

23
504

Liabilities 2024
Non-current borrowings
Non-current derivatives
Other non-current liabilities
Current borrowings
Current derivatives
Trade payables
Other current liabilities¹

(4,444)
(99)
(836)
(2,276)
(248)

(1)
(60)
-

(6)
(10)
(36)

-

(4,444)
(7)
(109)
(836)
(60)
(2,276)
(284)

(3,877)
(493)
-

(1)
(60)
-

(6)
(10)
(36)

(3,877)
(7)
(10)
(493)
(60)
(36)

1. Other current receivables exclude employee-related receivables, and other taxes and social security contributions for an amount of €32 million in 2025 (2024: €30 million) – see also Note 13 Current receivables.
Other current liabilities exclude pensions, employee-related liabilities, and other taxes and social security contributions for an amount of €318 million in 2025 (2024: €542 million) – see also Note 21 Current liabilities.

281

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 24

Employee benefits
Accounting policy

Post-employment benefits: Defined
contribution plans

Short-term employee benefits

For dsm-firmenich’s defined contribution plans,
the obligations are limited to the payment of
contributions, which are recognized as
employee benefit costs.

Short-term employee benefits are generally
recognized as an expense in the period the
employee renders services to dsm-firmenich.
Post-employment benefits
Post-employment benefits are employee
benefits (other than termination benefits and
short-term employee benefits) that are payable
after the completion of employment. Postemployment benefit accounting is intended to
reflect the recognition of post-employment
benefits over the employee’s approximate
service period, based on the terms of the plans
and the investment and funding.

282

Post-employment benefits: Defined benefit
plans
For defined benefit plans, the aggregate of the
value of the defined benefit obligation and the
fair value of plan assets for each plan is
recognized as a net defined benefit liability or
asset. Defined benefit obligations are
determined using the projected unit credit
method. Plan assets are recognized at fair value.
If the fair value of plan assets exceeds the
present value of the defined benefit obligation,
a net asset is only recognized to the extent that
the asset is available for refunds to the
employer or for reductions in future
contributions to the plan. Defined benefit
pension costs consist of three elements:
service costs, net interest, and
remeasurements.

Service costs are part of employee benefit
costs and consist of current service costs. Past
service costs and results of plan settlements
are included in Other operating income or
expenses. Net interest is part of Finance
income and expenses and is determined on the
basis of the value of the net defined benefit
asset or liability at the start of the year, and on
the interest on high-quality corporate bonds.
Remeasurements are actuarial gains and losses,
the return (or interest cost) on net plan assets
(or liabilities) excluding amounts included in net
interest and changes in the effect of the asset
ceiling. These remeasurements are recognized
in Other comprehensive income as they occur
and are not recycled through profit or loss at a
later stage. Post-employment defined benefit
plans include pension plans and other postemployment benefits.

Other long-term employee benefits
The service cost, the net interest on the net
defined liability (asset) and remeasurements of
the net defined liability (asset) related to other
long-term employee benefits, such as jubilee
and incentive plans, are recognized in profit or
loss.
Estimates and judgments
Management makes assumptions regarding
variables such as discount rate, future salary
increases, life expectancy, and future
healthcare costs. Management consults with
external actuaries regarding these assumptions
at least annually for significant plans. Changes
in these key assumptions can have a significant
impact on the projected defined benefit
obligations, funding levels, and periodic costs
incurred.

Sustainability Statements

Employee benefit liabilities
The employee benefit liabilities of €205 million
(2024: €550 million) consist of €91 million
related to pensions (2024: €367 million), €56
million related to other post-employment
benefits (2024: €60 million), and €58 million
related to other employee benefits (2024: €123
million). See also the table at the end of this
note.
The Group also operates a number of defined
benefit plans and defined contribution plans
throughout the world, the assets of which are
generally held in separately administered funds.
The pension plans are generally funded by
payments from employees and from the
relevant Group companies. The Group also
provides certain additional healthcare benefits
to retired employees in the US and Switzerland.
For the core countries (Switzerland, United
States of America, United Kingdom, and
Germany), costs for the defined benefit plans
relating to pensions are expected to be €59
million in 2026. In 2026, dsm-firmenich is
expected to contribute €49 million (actual
2025: €42 million) to its defined benefit plans
in these countries.
Changes in net liabilities of the postemployment benefits recognized in the balance
sheet are shown in the overview on the
following page. The decrease in the net
liabilities during 2025 is mainly due to the
reclassification of assets and liabilities relating
to the ANH business to held for sale.

283

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Employee benefit liabilities
2025

2024

Pension plans and other post-employment benefits
Other employee benefits

147
58

427
123

Total
Of which current

205
12

550
63

2025

2024

Defined benefit plans:
- Current service costs pension plans
- Other post-employment benefits
Defined contribution plans
Total pension costs included in employee benefit costs

58
4
112
174

47
4
110
161

- Pension costs included in Other operating (income) / expense
Total in operating profit, continuing operations
Pension costs included in Financial income and expense

174
8

161
3

Total continuing operations

182

164

Discontinued operations

46

46

Total

228

210

Of which:
- Defined contribution plans
- Defined benefit plans

112
70

110
54

Employee benefit liabilities

Post-employment benefit costs

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Changes in net liabilities of post-employment benefits
2025

Balance at January 1

Funded and
unfunded
defined
benefit
obligations

Fair value of
plan assets

3,486

(3,221)

2024

Impact of
Net
minimum funding liabilities/(assets)
requirement/asset recognized in the
ceiling
balance sheet
100

365

Funded and
unfunded
defined
benefit
obligations

Fair value of
plan assets

3,339

(3,030)

Impact of
Net
minimum funding liabilities/(assets)
requirement/asset recognized in the
ceiling
balance sheet
93

402

Net defined benefit assets
Net defined benefit liabilities

(62)
427

(44)
446

Total

365

402

- Current service cost
- Interest
- Administration cost and other

90
53
3

(46)
-

1
-

90
8
3

79
60
-

(52)
-

1
-

79
9
-

Total included in income statement

146

(46)

1

101

139

(52)

1

88

Included in other comprehensive income:
- Loss / (gain) from change in demographic assumptions
- Loss / (gain) from change in financial assumptions
- Loss / (gain) from change in Experience
- Return on plan assets excluding interest income
- Asset ceiling change, excluding movement through income statement
- Administration cost and other

(27)
(40)
94
-

(136)
-

33
-

(27)
(40)
94
(136)
33
-

2
70
82
-

(169)
(2)

7
-

2
70
82
(169)
7
(2)

Total included in other comprehensive income

27

(136)

33

(76)

154

(171)

7

(10)

(215)
48
(60)
(1,075)
(5)

188
(48)
(77)
7
64
953
5

(4)
(75)
-

(27)
(77)
7
(197)
-

(174)
48
(20)

146
(48)
(84)
18

(1)

(28)
(84)
(3)

Total other
.

(1,307)

1,092

(79)

(294)

(146)

32

(1)

(115)

Balance at December 31
.
Net defined benefit assets (Prepaid pension costs)
Net defined benefit liabilities

2,352

(2,311)

55

96

3,486

(3,221)

100

365

Other
- Benefits paid (including transfers in and out)
- Contributions by plan participants
- Employer contributions
- Balance sheet transfer
- Acquisition / disposals
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Currency translation adjustment and other

Total

284

(51)
147

(62)
427

96

365

Sustainability Statements

Pension-plan assets
The fair value of the pension-plan assets
consists of 65% of quoted assets (2024: 74%).
The pension-plan assets do not include dsmfirmenich shares.
The countries with the most significant defined
benefit obligations for dsm-firmenich are
specified in the table on the next page.

285

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Pension-plan assets by category
2025

2024

Equities
Bonds
Property
Insurance policies
Other
Cash and bank deposits

549
796
377
66
387
136

896
1,104
603
69
447
102

Total plan assets

2,311

3,221

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Defined benefit plans
Switzerland

United States
of America

United
Kingdom

Germany

Other
countries

Total

1,920
(1,936)
(16)
55
39

186
(195)
(9)
(9)

176
(177)
(1)
(1)

32
(3)
29
29

38
38
38

2,252
(2,311)
41
55
96

(28)
66
39

(21)
12
(9)

(1)
(1)

(1)
30
29

38
38

(51)
147
96

2,800
(2,803)
(3)
100
97

201
(214)
(13)
(13)

196
(190)
6
6

242
(12)
230
230

47
(2)
45
45

3,486
(3,221)
265
100
365

(35)
132
97

(27)
14
(13)

6
6

230
230

45
45

(62)
427
365

Switzerland

United States
of America

United
Kingdom

Germany

1.20%
2.00%
0.00%

5.20%
3.25%
0.70%

5.50%
0.00%
2.83%

4.00%
2.60%
2.06%

0.90%
2.25%
0.00%

5.50%
3.00%
1.00%

5.50%
0.00%
2.99%

3.40%
2.60%
2.00%

Defined benefit plans 2025
Funded and unfunded defined benefit obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Net excess of liabilities/(assets) over obligations
Unrecognized assets due to asset ceiling
Net excess of liabilities/(assets) over obligations recognized
Composed of
Net defined benefit assets (Prepaid pension costs)
Net defined benefit liabilities
Total changes
.
Defined benefit plans 2024
Funded and unfunded defined benefit obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Net excess of liabilities/(assets) over obligations
Unrecognized assets due to asset ceiling
Net excess of liabilities/(assets) over obligations recognized
Composed of
Net defined benefit assets (Prepaid pension costs)
Net defined benefit liabilities
Total changes

Actuarial assumptions for plans in core countries

2025
Discount rate
Salary increase
Pension increase
2024
Discount rate
Salary increase
Pension increase

286

Sustainability Statements

Sensitivities of significant actuarial
assumptions
The discount rate, the future increase in wages
and salaries, and the pension increase rate
were identified as significant actuarial
assumptions. The following impacts on the
defined benefit obligation are to be expected.
•

•

•

A 0.25% increase/decrease in the discount
rate would lead to a decrease/increase of
3.2% (2024: 3.2%) in the defined benefit
obligation
A 0.25% increase/decrease in the expected
increase in salaries/wages would lead to an
increase/decrease of 0.3% (2024: 0.3%) in
the defined benefit obligation
A 0.25% increase/decrease in the expected
rate of pension increase would lead to an
increase/decrease of less than 1.6% (2024:
1.7%) in the defined benefit obligation

The sensitivity analysis is based on realistically
possible changes as at the end of the reporting
year. Each change in a significant actuarial
assumption was analyzed separately as part of
the test. Interdependencies were not taken into
account.
Main defined benefit plans description
The dsm-firmenich Group companies have
various pension plans, which are geared to the
local regulations and practices in the countries
in which they operate. As these plans are
designed to comply with the statutory
framework, tax legislation, local customs, and
economic situation of the countries concerned,
it follows that the nature of the plans varies
from country to country. The plans are based
on local legal and contractual obligations.

287

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

dsm-firmenich’s current policy is to offer
defined contribution retirement benefit plans
to new employees wherever possible. However,
dsm-firmenich still has a (small) number of
defined benefit pension and healthcare
schemes from the past or in countries where
legislation does not allow us to offer a defined
contribution scheme. Generally, these schemes
have been funded through external trusts or
foundations, where dsm-firmenich faces the
potential risk of funding shortfalls. The most
significant defined benefit schemes are:

percentage of salary. The amount of the
retirement account can be taken by the
employee at retirement in the form of pension
or capital.

Pension plan at Firmenich SA in Switzerland
Affiliation to the DSM Nutritional Products
(DNP) AG pension plan in Switzerland (DNP
AG)
DSM UK pension scheme in the UK
Pension plan at Firmenich, Inc. in the US

According to the Swiss Federal Law on
Occupational Retirement, Survivors and
Disability (LPP/BVG), the Swiss pension plans
are managed by independent and legally
autonomous entities which have the legal
structure of a foundation. Both plans are
managed by different foundations. For both
foundations, the Pension Board is composed of
employee and employer representatives in
equal numbers. Each year, the Pension Boards
decide on the level of interest, if any, to apply to
the retirement accounts in accordance with the
pension policy of the respective pension plan.

•
•

•
•

For each plan, the following characteristics are
relevant:
Firmenich SA pension plan and affiliation to
DNP AG pension plan in Switzerland
Both the DNP AG pension plan and the
Firmenich SA pension plan are typical Swiss
cash balance plans. For accounting purposes,
these plans are qualified as defined benefit
plans. They are contribution-based plans, with
no promise of indexation for ongoing pensions.
The Swiss state minimum requirements for
occupational benefit plans have, however, to be
respected.
The purpose of the plans is to protect the dsmfirmenich employees against the economic
consequences of retirement, disability, and
death. The employer and employees pay
contributions into the pension plan at rates set
out in the pension plans rules based on a

The weighted average duration of the defined
benefit obligation for the dsm-firmenich
business affiliated to the DNP AG pension plan
is 13.0 years (2024: 13.9 years) and for the
Firmenich SA pension plan 13.8 years (2024: 15.1
years), which could be seen as an indication of
the maturity profile of the schemes.

The Pension Boards are also responsible for the
investment of the assets and defining the
investment strategy for long-term returns with
an acceptable level of risk. Within each
foundation, the plan assets are invested
collectively (no individual investment choice is
offered).
DSM UK pension scheme
The DSM UK pension scheme was closed as of
September 30, 2016 for all pension accruals. An
unconditional indexation policy is applicable for
the vested pension rights. The weighted
average duration of the defined benefit

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

obligation is 12.1 years (2024: 12.9 years), which
could be seen as an indication of the maturity
profile of the scheme.
The pension plan is managed and controlled by
a dsm-firmenich company pension fund. The
Board of Trustees consists of representatives of
the employer and the employees, who have an
independent role. There is a long-term derisking strategy for the DSM UK pension scheme
in place with the objective to align the
company’s intentions and the Trustees’
responsibility with respect to this plan.
Pension plan at Firmenich, Inc. in the US
The plan provides benefits on a defined benefit
basis and is closed to all new employees. The
plan was also frozen to the majority of current
employees for future benefit accruals. The
grandfathered group of participants to the
defined benefit plan continues to accrue
benefits that are payable at retirement and on
death in service. With exceptions for optional
lump sum amounts for certain sections of the
plan, the benefits are paid out as annuities.
The US pension plan is qualified under, and is
managed in accordance with, the requirements
of US federal law. In accordance with federal
law, the assets of the plan are legally separate
from the employer and are held in a pension
trust.

Sustainability Statements

The law requires minimum and maximum
amounts that can be contributed to the trust,
together with limitations on the amount of
benefits that may be provided under the plan.
There are named fiduciaries that are
responsible for ensuring the plan is managed in
accordance with the law. The fiduciaries are
responsible for defining the investment
strategy for long-term returns with an
acceptable level of risk as well as the oversight
of the investment of plan assets.
The employees do not contribute to the plan
and the employer contributes to the plan
amounts which are at least equal to the
minimum required by the law and not more
than the maximum that would limit the tax
deductibility of the contributions.
The weighted average duration of the defined
benefit obligation is 8.6 years (2024: 8.8 years),
which could be seen as an indication of the
maturity profile of the scheme.
Impact ANH Carve-out
Two core country pension plans are impacted
in the reclassification of liabilities and assets to
held for sale. This pertains to the affiliated
NewCo businesses of the DSM Nutritional
Products (DNP) AG pension plan in Switzerland
(DNP AG), which is included in the transaction
perimeter with the sale of DNP AG and the
funded as well as unfunded pension plans at
DSM Nutritional Products GmbH in Germany
(DNP GmbH).

288

Other long-term employee benefits
Other long-term employee benefits comprise
jubilees, long-term incentive (LTI) plans to
senior management, and deferred
compensation liabilities. The changes in other
employee benefits are listed in the table
opposite.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other long-term employee benefits
Other
employee
benefits
Balance at January 1, 2024
Of which current

123
49

Changes:
- Additions
- Releases
- Uses
- Other change
Total changes

42
(1)
(50)
9
-

Balance at December 31, 2024
Of which current
.

123
63

Changes:
- Additions
- Releases
- Uses
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Other change
Total changes

13
(5)
(56)
(10)
(7)
(65)

Balance at December 31, 2025
Of which current

58
12

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 25

Net debt
The development of the components of net
debt is as in the table opposite. n 2025, the
gearing (net debt / equity plus net debt) was
15.2% (in 2024: 10.1%).

Cash and cash
equivalents

Current
investments

Non-current
borrowings

Current
borrowings

Derivatives

Total

Balance at January 1, 2024

2,456

107

(4,114)

(716)

52

(2,215)

Change from operating activities
Change from investing activities

1,778
(252)

(57)

39

2

(47)
-

1,731
(268)

Reclassifcations and transfers
Dividend and remuneration hybrid bonds (equity)
Interest
Proceeds from (re)issued shares
New/unwinding leases
Repurchase of shares
Other

138
(695)
(67)
21
(706)
(25)

-

(140)
(37)
(189)
-

1
(8)
(8)
(105)
-

1
-

(695)
(112)
21
(197)
(811)
(25)

Change from financing activities

(1,334)

-

(366)

(120)

1

(1,819)

Exchange differences

19

-

(3)

(2)

1

15

Total changes

211

(57)

(330)

(120)

(45)

(341)

Balance at December 31, 2024
.

2,667

50

(4,444)

(836)

7

(2,556)

Change from operating activities
Change from investing activities

1,445
505

74

(39)
-

(7)
-

50
1

1,449
580

95

-

891
(101)
-

(986)
4
(16)
105
-

3

(1,501)
(60)
5
(117)
(1,076)
(103)

Reclassifcations and transfers
Dividend, redemption and remuneration hybrid bonds (equity)
Interest
Proceeds from (re)issued shares
New/unwinding leases
Repurchase of shares
Other

-

-

(64)
5
(1,181)
(106)

-

(2,752)

-

790

(893)

3

(2,852)

Reclassification to held for sale

(11)

-

50

61

-

100

Exchange differences

(72)

(3)

26

15

12

(22)

Total changes

(885)

71

827

(824)

66

(745)

Balance at December 31, 2025

1,782

121

(3,617)

(1,660)

73

(3,301)

Change from financing activities

289

(1,501)

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 26

Notes to the cash flow statement
Accounting policy
The cash flow statement explains the changes
in cash and cash equivalents. It is prepared via
a comparison of the balance sheets at January
1 and December 31.
In reporting the cash flows from operating
activities, dsm-firmenich applies the indirect
method. Under this method, the profit or loss
for the period is adjusted for changes that do
not involve cash flows, such as changes in
exchange rates, amortization, depreciation,
impairment losses, and transfers to other
balance sheet items. Changes in working capital
due to the acquisition or disposal of
consolidated companies are included under
Investing activities.
The consolidated cash flow statement includes
an analysis of all cash flows in total, including
continuing and discontinued operations. For
amounts related to discontinued operations
split by activities and a reconciliation of results
from continuing operations to total, see Note 3
Change in the scope of the consolidation.
Most of the changes can be traced back to the
detailed statements of changes for the balance
sheet items concerned. For those balance
sheet items for which no detailed statement of
changes is included, the table opposite shows
the link between the change according to the
balance sheet and the change according to the
cash flow statement.

290

The cash flow relating to acquisitions (-€19
million) was limited in 2025. The disposal of
businesses of €1,270 million mainly relates to
the divestment of the Feed Enzymes business
and the costs for the preparation of the
divestment of the Animal Nutrition and Health
business. It consists of the cash-related part of
the consideration (€1,476 million) minus the
cash in the divested companies (€34 million)
and the divestment-related costs and tax
settlements (€172 million). See also Note 3
Change in the scope of the consolidation.

Change in operating working capital
2025

2024

Balance at January 1
Balance at December 31

3,603
2,481

3,769
3,603

Balance sheet change

(1,122)

(166)

Adjustments:
- Exchange differences
- Changes in consolidation (including acquisitions and disposals)
- Reclassification to held for sale
- Transfers/non-cash value adjustments

238
7
953
24

(4)
122
7

Total change in operating working capital according to the cash flow statement

100

(41)

Operating working capital

In 2025, the operating working capital continuing operations was €2,481 million (2024: €3,603 million),
which amounts to 28.8% of annualized fourth-quarter net sales (2024: 27.3%).

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 27

Share-based compensation
Accounting policy

Restricted and Performance Share Unit plan

Share-based compensation at dsm-firmenich
consists of the award of Performance Share
Units (PSUs), Restricted Share Units (RSUs), or
stock options to eligible employees.

The dsm-firmenich Restricted and Performance
Share Unit plan provides rules for the grant of
RSUs and/or PSUs to eligible employees.

PSUs and RSUs generally vest after three years
on the achievement of predefined vesting
conditions. The cost of PSUs and RSUs is
measured by reference to the fair value of the
dsm-firmenich shares on the date on which the
PSUs and RSUs were granted or modified. The
cost of equity-settled share-based
compensation is recognized in profit or loss
(Employee benefit costs) during the vesting
period, together with a corresponding increase
in equity. Vesting conditions other than market
conditions are considered by adjusting the
number of equity instruments, so that the
amount recognized during the vesting period in
employee benefit costs is based on the number
of share units that eventually vest.
Estimates and judgments
Key parameters related to share-based
compensation costs for PSUs and RSUs are the
estimation of fair values of the share units on
the grant or modification date, and the number
of share units that will vest. An independent
third party conducts the fair value calculation
as far as vesting is tied to market conditions,
using the Monte Carlo method.

291

Considering the plan rules that allow multiple
grant dates, best practice is to effectuate the
grant of share units on the last trading day at
the Amsterdam Stock Exchange in March. In
principle, PSUs will be granted; RSUs may be
granted in specific circumstances.
Subject to the plan, the 2025 grant was
conducted on March 31, 2025. This grant
concerned the Members of the Executive
Committee and the eligible members of the
Global Management Team (i.e., the group of
(senior) leaders considering their job level). The
performance period of this grant ends on
December 31, 2027; vesting will be effectuated
on March 31, 2028.

In addition, vesting of PSUs is also subject to
the achievement of predefined performance
targets at the end of the performance period.
In view of the merger of equals between DSM
and Firmenich in 2023, it was decided (as
included in the Offering Circular) that the PSUs
granted under DSM’s Long-Term Incentive plan
in 2021 and 2022, respectively, shall vest
against the average of the vesting result
achieved over the vesting that occurred in
2020, 2021 and 2022. Non-vested share units
will be forfeited. If employment is terminated
prior to the vesting date, specific rules
regarding vesting and forfeitures apply.
In line with the Articles of Association and the
respective plan rules, fifty percent of the Base
Fee due to the Members of the Board of
Directors has been delivered in RSUs. The 2025
grant was implemented on May 7, 2025 and
concerns the period between the 2025 AGM
and the 2026 AGM.

The number of share units to be granted is
based on job level, contribution, and the face
value of the dsm-firmenich share over a
reference period. As a result, the number of
share units to be granted annually will fluctuate
with the share price development.

In principle, the vesting term is three years.
However, if a board mandate ceases for
whatever reason within such vesting period,
outstanding unvested RSUs will vest (in full or
pro-rated) as per the effective date of such
cessation, subject to a one-year holding period.

RSUs and PSUs are subject to a vesting period
of three years starting at the grant date. Vesting
of RSUs is subject to continued employment
until the vesting date (‘time vesting’).

The 2025 grant of PSUs under the dsmfirmenich Restricted- and Performance Share
Unit plan to Members of the Executive
Committee and other eligible employees is
based on the at target level; in 2025 this
concerned 491,653 (2024: 463,542) share units.

The grant to the Members of the Board of
Directors concerns 50% of the applicable Base
Fee and involved 16,116 (2024: 13,714) RSUs in
2025.
RSUs and PSUs are subject to a vesting period
of three years starting at the grant date. Vesting
of RSUs is subject to continued employment
until the vesting date (‘time vesting’). In
addition, vesting of PSUs is also subject to the
achievement of predefined performance
targets at the end of the performance period.
The performance targets regarding the 2025
grant involve:
•
•
•
•

Total Shareholder Return
Core adjusted return on capital employed
Absolute greenhouse gas reduction
Inclusion & Belonging (gender and
nationality diversity / inclusion)

In September 2022, a group of senior key
employees (excluding the Co-CEOs) at legacy
DSM received an RSU grant subject to
completion of the merger between DSM and
Firmenich. As the merger was completed, the
RSUs were finally awarded. Upon vesting on
September 30, 2025, the respective RSUs were
settled in cash. The fair value on that date was
€72.52 (December 31, 2024: €97.72).

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Overview of share units granted to Members of the Board of Directors
Year of grant

Outstanding at
Dec. 31, 2024

Granted

In 2025
Vested

17,041
13,714
-

16,116

-

30,755
at Dec. 31, 2023
18,239

16,116
13,714

2023
2024
2025
2025 Total
2024 Total

Outstanding at
Dec. 31, 2025

Share price
at date of
grant (€)

Expiry date

-

17,041
13,714
16,116

80.21
106.05
94.40

Sep 30, 2026
May 8, 2027
May 7, 2028

-

-

(1,198)

-

46,871
at Dec. 31, 2024
30,755

Outstanding at Dec.
31, 2025

Share price
at date of
grant (€)

Expiry date

144.30
162.50
97.67
106.32
91.46

Mar 31, 2024
Mar 31, 2025
Mar 31, 2026
Mar 31, 2027
Mar 31, 2028

Outstanding at
Dec. 31, 2025

Share price
at date of
grant (€)

Expiry date

-

117.45

Sep 30, 2025

Forfeited/
expired

Overview of share units granted to the Members of the Executive committee and other eligible employees
Year of grant

2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2025 Total
2024 Total

Outstanding at
Dec. 31, 2024

Granted

In 2025
Vested¹

92,999
356,099
449,248
-

34
491,653

(85,918)
(17,985)
(11,543)
(30)

(7,081)
(16,878)
(31,017)
(14,880)

321,236
406,722
476,743

898,346
at Dec. 31, 2023
628,467

491,687

(115,476)

(69,856)

463,976

(153,939)

(40,158)

1,204,701
at Dec. 31, 2024
898,346

Forfeited/
expired

1. Restricted- and Performance Share Units may partly vest upon termination of employment in connection with, for example, divestments, retirement or early retirement.

Overview of cash-settled RSUs
Year of grant

Employee stock options
Certain employees in the Netherlands are
entitled to employee stock options, to be
granted on the first day on which the
dsm-firmenich stock is quoted ex-dividend
following the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders. The opening price of the dsmfirmenich stock on that day is the strike price of
such stock options. Employee stock options
can immediately be exercised and
have a term of five years.

292

2022

Outstanding at
Dec. 31, 2024

Granted

In 2025
Vested

76,406

-

(70,914)

Forfeited/
expired
(5,492)

Overview of equity-settled employee stock options
Year of grant

Outstanding
at
Dec. 31, 2024

Granted

In 2025
Exercised

Average
price (€)

Forfeited/
expired

Outstanding
at
Dec. 31, 2025

Fair value
on grant
date (€)

Strike
price (€)

Exercise
period until

10.26
13.58
10.29

112.00
137.85
92.94

May 2025
May 2027
May 2030

2020
2022
2025

36,485
226,620

289,465

(2,600)

97.89

(36,485)
(12,430)
(12,020)

214,190
274,845

2025 Total

263,105

289,465

(2,600)

97.89

(60,935)

489,035

2024 Total

at Dec. 31, 2023
340,820

-

(56,240)

105.31

(21,475)

at Dec. 31, 2024
263,105

>

Sustainability Statements

Measurement of fair value
The following assumptions were used to
determine the fair value of the equity-settled
share units and employee stock options at
grant date.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Assumptions equity-settled share units and employee stock options
2025

2024

1.82%
1
1
94.40
2.50
87.16

3.34%
1
1
107.35
2.50
100.26

2.13%
3
3
91.36
2.50
25.5%
84.16

2.53%
3
3
105.40
2.50
25.7%
98.30

1.78%
2
5
92.94
2.50
20.0%
10.29

-

2025

2024

Equity-settled stock options

3

-

Equity-settled share units
Cash-settled share units

32
-

28
3

Total expense

35

31

Share units granted to Board of Directors
Risk-free rate¹
Expected share life in years²
Nominal share life in years
Share price in €¹
Expected dividend in €
Fair value of share granted in €
Share units granted to ExCo and other eligible employees
Risk-free rate¹
Expected share life in years
Nominal share life in years
Share price in €¹
Expected dividend in €
Expected volatility
Fair value of share granted in €
Employee stock options
Risk-free rate
Expected option life in years
Nominal option life in years
Share price / exercise price in €
Expected dividend in €
Expected volatility
Fair value of option granted in €

Share-based compensation
An amount of €35 million is included in the
costs for wages and salaries for share-based
compensation (2024: €31 million).

293

1. The differences in the risk-free rate and share price are due to different grant dates.
2. The RSUs granted to the BoD relate to a one-year service period (between two consecutive AGMs), they vest however only after three years.

Share-based compensation

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

NOTE 28

Related parties
Accounting policy
We identified key management personnel,
associates, and joint ventures as related
parties. For associates and joint ventures, see
Note 10 Associates and joint arrangements. Key
management personnel are those persons
having authority and responsibility for planning,
directing, and controlling the activities of the
entity, directly or indirectly, as defined by IAS
24 ‘Related Parties’. IAS 24 requires the
disclosure of the remuneration of key
management personnel divided into: shortterm employee benefits (salary and short-term
incentive), post-employment (pension
expenditure) and other long-term benefits,
termination benefits, and share-based
payment cost (share-based compensation).

Key management personnel
The Members of the Board of Directors and the
Members of the Executive Committee of dsmfirmenich meet the definition of key
management personnel. Personnel expenses
are recognized in the corresponding service
period. No loans or guarantees have been
provided to the Members of the Board of
Directors or the Members of the Executive
Committee.

Transactions with associates and joint ventures
2025

2024

65
106
72
45
14
6
3

44
139
54
39
18
1
12

in € thousand

2025²

2024²

Base salary / Committee fee in cash
Employer pension contribution
Short-Term Incentive
Share-based compensation¹
Other

8,830
1,397
4,588
7,445
1,962

9,183
1,395
11,693
8,261
5,492

Subtotal

24,222

36,024

1,862

1,646

26,084

37,670

Sales to
Purchases from
Loans to
Receivables from
Payables to
Interest from
Commitments to

Remuneration expenses Board of Directors and Executive Committee

Employer social securities
Total

Transactions with associates and joint
ventures
We may issue guarantees as credit
enhancement of associates to acquire bank
facilities for these associates. dsm-firmenich
has provided guarantees to third parties for
debts of associates for an amount of €19
million (2024: €21 million). In 2025, dsmfirmenich recognized €19 million in expected
credit losses for loans to and receivables from
related parties. Other related-parties
disclosures relate entirely to key management
of dsm-firmenich, being represented by the
company’s management.

294

1. Represents the expenses of Restricted- and Performance Share Units (PSUs) awarded according to IFRS rules. These costs are considered over the vesting
period and therefore cover several years.
2. Including former Member of the ExCo.

Sustainability Statements

NOTE 29

Events after the balance sheet date
On February 9, 2026, dsm-firmenich
announced it entered into an agreement with
CVC Capital Partners to divest its Animal
Nutrition & Health business for an enterprise
value of about €2.2 billion, which includes an
earn-out of up to €0.5 billion. dsm-firmenich
will retain a 20% equity stake. The announced
divestment of ANH resulted in a non-cash
impairment of around €1.9 billion in 2025
before taxes. The transaction is expected to be
completed at the end of 2026 and is subject to
conditions including regulatory approvals, the
finalization of all required employee
consultation processes, and the creation and
separation of a standalone Essential Products
Company and standalone Solutions Company
by dsm-firmenich.
On February 13, 2025, DSM-Firmenich AG
launched a share buyback program for an
amount of €1 billion and announced its
intention to reduce the issued share capital.
DSM-Firmenich AG announced the completion
of the share buyback program on December 2,
2025. The share capital reduction is planned to
be executed by public deed on February 20,
2026, and will lead to the cancellation of
12,049,441 shares.

295

On February 17, dsm-firmenich successfully
launched a €1.5 billion dual-tranche bond
issuance, consisting of €750 million 3.00%
fixed-rate notes due in 2031, and €750 million
3.75% fixed-rate notes due in 2038. The bonds
will be issued by DSM B.V. and guaranteed by
DSM-Firmenich AG pursuant to the previously
established cross-guarantee structure (see
also Note 13 Guarantee obligations to the
Parent Company Financial Statements). The
proceeds of the new bond will be used for
refinancing of existing bond maturities.
The re-offer price for the 5-year bond tranche
was 99.886%. Based on this price, the yield is
3.025%. The re-offer price for the 12-year bond
tranche was 99.100%. Based on this price, the
yield is 3.845%. The bonds will be listed on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

296

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

297

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

298

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

299

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Sustainability Statements

<

Consolidated Financial Statements

Parent Company
Financial Statements

300

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Balance sheet of DSM-Firmenich AG at
December 31
The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Parent Company Financial Statements.

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

Notes

2025
EUR

in million

Values in
CHF

>

Other Information

2024
EUR

>

Values in
CHF

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Other short-term receivables from group companies
Prepaid expenses and accrued income

10
1

10
1

52
1

49
1

11

11

53

50

32,893

30,636

34,758

32,714

Total non-current assets

32,893

30,636

34,758

32,714

Total assets
.

32,904

30,647

34,811

32,764

1
553
5

1
515
4

5
109
5
83
8

4
103
4
78
8

559

520

210

197

-

-

-

-

2

Total current assets
Investments

3

Liabilities and shareholders' equity
Trade accounts payable to third parties
Short-term liabilities
Other short-term payables to third parties
Other short-term payables to group companies
Accrued expenses

4/8
4
4
5

Total current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities

559

520

210

197

6

3

3

3

3

7
7
8
8

22,392
7,687
(1,219)

20,856
7,160
(1,135)

22,771
7,687
(109)
(40)

21,432
7,235
(103)
(38)

4,009
(527)

3,734
(491)

3,622
667

3,409
629

Total shareholders' equity

32,345

30,127

34,601

32,567

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity

32,904

30,647

34,811

32,764

Share capital
Legal capital reserves:
- Reserves from capital contributions
- Other capital reserves
Forward contracts to repurchase shares
Treasury shares
Available earnings:
- Profit brought forward
- (Loss)/Profit for the year

301

Consolidated Financial Statements

Income statement of DSM-Firmenich AG for
the year ended December 31
The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Parent Company Financial Statements.

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

Notes
in million
Dividend income
Other operating income
Other finance income

9

Values in
CHF

Other Information

2024
EUR

>

Values in
CHF

2,093
39
2

1,950
36
2

673
37
8

634
35
8

2,134

1,988

718

677

20
18
8
2,615
-

19
16
8
2,436
-

28
16
6

26
15
6

1

1

Total expenses

2,661

2,479

51

48

(Loss)/Profit for the year

(527)

(491)

667

629

11
12

Total income
Personnel expenses
Other operating expense
Finance expense
Impairment on investments
Taxes

302

2025
EUR

>

10
11
12
3

Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the
Parent Company
Financial
Statements

304
304
305
307
307
307
308
309
310
310
310
310
311
311
312
313
314

303

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

Note 1. Principles
Note 2. Other short-term receivables from Group companies
Note 3. Investments
Note 4. Short-term liabilities and payables
Note 5. Accrued expenses
Note 6. Share capital
Note 7. Legal capital reserves
Note 8. Forward contracts to repurchase shares / treasury shares
Note 9. Dividend income
Note 10. Personnel expenses
Note 11. Other operating income and expense
Note 12. Other finance income and expense
Note 13. Guarantee obligations
Other information
Events after the balance sheet date
Appropriation of earnings available for distribution and repayment
of reserves from capital contributions
Statutory Auditor’s Report

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

NOTE 1

Principles
General aspects
DSM-Firmenich AG (the Company) is a stock
corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) incorporated
and domiciled in Switzerland. The Company is
based in Kaiseraugst, Switzerland. DSMFirmenich AG is the holding company of the
operating companies of the dsm-firmenich
Group (Group), which is a leading supplier in
nutrition, health, and beauty.

presented for the purposes of comparison and
have been calculated by applying the periodend FX-rate. All values in the financial
statements are rounded to the nearest million,
except when otherwise indicated. Any main
accounting policies applied in the preparation
of these financial statements that are not
already specified by law, i.e., by the Swiss Code
of Obligations, are outlined below in the
applicable notes.

The fiscal year end of DSM-Firmenich AG is
December 31. These financial statements of
DSM-Firmenich AG were prepared in
accordance with Swiss Law on Accounting and
Financial Reporting. Where not prescribed by
law, the significant accounting and valuation
principles applied are described below.

DSM-Firmenich AG is presenting consolidated
financial statements according to IFRS
Accounting Standards. In line with art. 961d of
the Swiss Code of Obligations, DSM-Firmenich
AG decided to forego presenting the additional
information in the notes, the cash flow
statement, and the management report.

The financial statements are presented in euros
(EUR or €); the Swiss franc (CHF) values are

Currency

NOTE 2

The Company’s currency – as legally
determined by the Articles of Association – is
EUR, which is also the functional currency.

Summary of the accounting policies

The income statement transactions in foreign
currencies are recorded at the exchange rate at
the date of the transaction. Assets and
liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are
translated into EUR at period-end exchange
rates. As required by the Swiss Code of
Obligations (cf. art. 958d para. 3), the financial
statements are also presented, for additional
information only, in the national currency, being
CHF. The following EUR/CHF exchange rates
have been applied in these financial statements
to translate the balance sheet and income
statement:

Cash and cash equivalents comprise bank
balances.

Closing rate on December 31, 2024: 0.9412
Closing rate on December 31, 2025: 0.9314

Other short-term receivables from Group companies
Other short-term receivables from Group
companies consist of a receivable of €7 million
(CHF 6 million); 2024: €10 million (CHF 9
million) from the in-house cash pool and
receivable from other Group companies of €4
million (CHF 3 million); 2024: €42 million (CHF

304

39 million) composed of recharges of
remuneration of key personnel and in
2024including also recharges of corporate
service costs. See also Note 11 Other operating
income and expense.

Cash and cash equivalents

Investments
Investments in companies where the entity
holds an investment are valued at acquisition
cost less adjustments for impairment of value.

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

NOTE 3

Investments
Companies in which DSM-Firmenich AG holds
an investment are valued at acquisition cost
less adjustments for impairment of value. The
investments consist of the direct equity share
in DSM B.V., Firmenich International SA and
DSM-Firmenich Reinsurance AG. In 2025, DSMFirmenich AG contributed €750 million (CHF
699 million) to the capital contribution reserves
of Firmenich International SA. End of the year
2025, the Company held 100% of the aggregate
issued and outstanding share capital of DSM
B.V., Firmenich International SA, and DSMFirmenich Reinsurance AG (formerly DSM Re
Switzerland AG renamed in 2025).
In 2024, DSM-Firmenich AG acquired DSM Re
Switzerland AG (€8.1 million / CHF 7.7 million)
and Bergere Limited (€0.6 million / CHF 0.6
million) from subsidiaries of the Group.
Subsequently, Bergere Limited was merged with
and into DSM Re Switzerland AG. A review for
impairment was performed based on current
market considerations, assessing whether
market expectations on delivering the merger
results of the initial deal closed in May 2023
significantly changed until December 31, 2025.
The carrying amount of €33 billion (CHF 31
billion) as at December 31, 2025, represents the
recoverable amount of investments held by
DSM-Firmenich AG. This recoverable amount
has been determined with the Discounted Cash
flows (DCF) method based on key value drivers
derived from the Long-Range Plan (LRP) for the
Company, excluding the ANH business. For the
ANH business, the expected proceeds amount

305

less cost of disposal has been used as the
recoverable amount, as a Share Purchase
Agreement has been signed with a third party.
Following the impairment review performed as
at December 31, 2025, an impairment loss of
€2.6 billion (CHF 2.4 billion) has been
recognized.
The investments, DSM B.V. and Firmenich
International SA, were transferred into DSMFirmenich AG in the context of the dsmfirmenich merger in 2023. The total carrying
amount of these investments, before
recognition of the impairment loss in 2025,
represents the equity value of the Company at
the merger date in 2023. The review for
impairment has therefore been performed at an
aggregated level and the impairment loss
recognized in 2025 allocated to the carrying
amount of total investments held as at
December 31, 2025.

Investees directly held by DSM-Firmenich AG
in million

2025
DSM B.V.
Firmenich
International
SA
DSM-Firmenich
Reinsurance
AG
Total
December 31,
2025
Impairment
loss on
investments
Total
December 31,
2025 after
impairment
loss
in million

2024
DSM B.V.
Firmenich
International
SA
DSM Re
Switzerland AG
Total
December 31,
2024

Domicile

Carrying amount
at December 31,
2025
in EUR

Carrying amount
at December 31,
2025
values in CHF

Nominal share
Share in capital /
capital
voting rights
at December 31, in % at December 31,
2025
2025

Maastricht (NL)

20,472

19,068

€ 261

100 / 100

Satigny (CH)

15,027

13,996

CHF 40

100 / 100

Schaffhausen (CH)

9

8

CHF 6

100 / 100

35,508

33,072

2,615

2,436

32,893

30,636

Domicile

Carrying amount
at December 31,
2024
in EUR

Carrying amount
at December 31,
2024
values in CHF

Maastricht (NL)

20,472

19,268

€ 261

100 / 100

Satigny (CH)

14,277

13,438

CHF 40

100 / 100

Schaffhausen (CH)

9

8

CHF 6

100 / 100

34,758

32,714

Nominal share
Share in capital /
capital
voting rights
at December 31, in % at December 31,
2024
2024

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Significant indirect investees in which
DSM-Firmenich AG has control

306

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

Company name

Country

Indirect investees via DSM B.V.
DSM Produtos Nutricionais Brasil S.A.
DSM-Firmenich Brasil Ltda
DSM Nutritional Products Canada Inc.
DSM-Firmenich Canada Inc.
DSM Vitamins (Shanghai) Ltd.
DSM Vitamins Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
Yimante Health Ingredients (Jingzhou) Company Ltd.
DSM Andre Pectin, Co. Ltd. (formerly: Yantai Andre Pectin, Co. Ltd.)
DSM-Firmenich Nutritional Products (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
Biomin Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd
DSM Food Specialties France SAS
DSM Nutritional Products France SAS
DSM Nutritional Products GmbH
ANH Nutritional Products India Private Limited
DSM Nutritional Products India Pvt. Ltd.
DSM Nutritional Products Mexico SA de CV
DSM-Firmenich Mexico, SA de CV
DSM Food Specialties B.V.
DSM Finance B.V.
DSM Singapore Industrial Pte Ltd
Animal Nutrition & Health Singapore Industrial Pte Ltd
DSM Nutritional Products Iberia SA
DSM Nutritional Products Europe AG
DSM Nutritional Products AG
Animal Nutrition & Health Europe AG
dsm-firmenich Switzerland AG
DNP Nutritional Products (UK) Limited
Animal Nutrition & Health, LLC
DSM Nutritional Products, LLC
DSM Holding Company USA, Inc.
DSM Biomedical Inc.
I-Health, Inc.
DSM Food Specialties USA, Inc.
Indirect investees via Firmenich International SA
Firmenich & Cia. Ltda.
Firmenich Aromatics (China) Co., Ltd.
Les Dérivés Résiniques et Terpéniques Sas
Firmenich Aromatics Production (India) Private Limited
PT Firmenich Indonesia
Firmenich de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
Firmenich Asia Private Ltd.
Firmenich SA
MG Ingredients Kimya Sanayi Ve Dis Ticaret Anonim Sirketi
Firmenich, Inc.

>

Other Information

Share in capital

Currency

Share capital
in thousands

Brazil
Brazil
Canada
Canada
China
China
China
China
China
China
France
France
Germany
India
India
Mexico
Mexico
Netherlands
Netherlands
Singapore
Singapore
Spain
Switzerland
Switzerland
Switzerland
Switzerland
United Kingdom
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States
United States

100
100
100
100
100
100
75
91
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

BRL
BRL
USD
CAD
USD
USD
CNY
CNY
CNY
USD
EUR
EUR
EUR
INR
INR
MXN
MXN
EUR
EUR
SGD
USD
EUR
CHF
CHF
CHF
CHF
GBP
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

1,840,560
363,238
1
66,950
200
100,000
313,000
56,000
100
33,425
14,000
1,000
1,528,010
33,671
9,137
100
453
1,849,336
200
4,700
261
1,000
50,000
100
100
369,651
1
0.1
1
0.1
0.1

Brazil
China
France
India
Indonesia
Mexico
Singapore
Switzerland
Turkey
United States

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

BRL
USD
EUR
INR
USD
MXN
SGD
CHF
TRY
USD

478,794
83,900
19,961
2,322,400
2,500
104,327
6,000
30,000
30,000
31,350

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

NOTE 4

Short-term liabilities and payables
Short-term liabilities

Other short-term payables to third parties

In 2024, DSM-Firmenich AG concluded an
equity forward contract to purchase one million
own shares. This liability was recognized in
Short-term liabilities. On April 24, 2025, the
Company took delivery of the shares against
payment of the forward price of €109 million
(CHF 102 million).

On December 31, 2024: €0.1 million (CHF 0.1
million) payable to pension funds is included in
Other short-term payables to third parties. On
December 31, 2025: the amount payable to
pension funds is €0.3 million (CHF 0.2 million).

Other short-term payables to Group
companies
Other short-term payables to Group
companies mainly comprise in-house cash
pool balances.

NOTE 5

Accrued expenses
Accrued expenses are mainly related to the
remuneration of key personnel.

NOTE 6

Share capital
On December 31, 2025, the share capital
amounted to €2.7 million (CHF 2.5 million),
consisting of 265,676,388 ordinary shares
(same on December 31, 2024). All DSMFirmenich AG shares have a nominal value of
€0.01 each.
The outstanding shares provide an entitlement
of one vote per share at the General Meeting.
All rights attached to the Company’s shares
held by the Group are suspended until those
shares are reissued.

307

On May 6, 2025, the Annual General Meeting
approved an amendment to the capital band
provision in the Articles of Association allowing
the Board of Directors to decrease the share
capital within the limit of 90% of the current
share capital. Following the share buyback
program announced on February 13, 2025,
12,049,441 shares were repurchased for
cancellation purposes (refer to Note 8 Forward
contracts to repurchase shares / treasury
shares). The cancellation is planned for
February 2026.

Nominal share capital
in thousand

EUR

Values in CHF

Balance at January 1, 2024

2,657

2,611

-

(110)

2,657

2,501

-

(26)

2,657

2,475

Exchange difference
Balance at December 31, 2024
Exchange difference
Balance at December 31, 2025

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

NOTE 7

Legal capital reserves
On May 6, 2025, the Board of Directors
proposed to the Annual General Meeting a
dividend distribution of €661 million (CHF 616
million). The Annual General Meeting approved
the proposed appropriation of available
earnings and Reserves from capital
contributions. The total distributed dividend
amounted to €659 million (CHF 614 million) and
was paid out on May 16, 2025 as follows: €379
million (CHF 353 million) out of the Reserves
from capital contributions and €280 million
(CHF 261 million) out of available earnings.

Legal capital reserves
in million

EUR

Values in CHF

- Opening balance January 1, 2024
- Exchange difference
- Dividend distribution
- From reserve for treasury shares
- Accrued interest on announced buy-out DSM N.V. shares

30,832
(414)
44
(4)

28,550
469
(390)
42
(4)

Closing balance at December 31, 2024

30,458

28,667

Of which:
- Reserves from capital contributions
- Other capital reserves

22,771
7,687

21,432
7,235

- Opening balance January 1, 2025
- Exchange difference
- Dividend distribution

30,458
(379)

28,667
(298)
(353)

Closing balance at December 31, 2025

30,079

28,016

Of which:
- Reserves from capital contributions
- Reserves from capital contributions reserved for cancellation related to the share capital reduction planned for February 2026
- Other capital reserves

21,392
1,000
7,687

19,925
931
7,160

2024

2025

308

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

NOTE 8

Forward contracts to repurchase shares / treasury shares
Forward contracts to repurchase shares
In 2024, DSM-Firmenich AG concluded an
equity forward contract to repurchase 1.0
million shares as part of its share repurchase
program to cover share plans. On April 24,
2025, the Company took delivery of the shares
against payment of the forward price of €109
million (CHF 102 million). The shares were added
to the Treasury shares, and the corresponding
short-term liability was offset. See also Note 4
Short-term liabilities and payables.
Treasury shares
In 2025, DSM-Firmenich AG repurchased 0.9
million (2024: 0.5 million) shares for an amount
of €80 million (CHF 75 million) to fulfill its
obligations under share-based compensation
plans (2024: €40 million, CHF 38 million).
Furthermore, the company repurchased 12.0
million shares for an amount of €1.0 billion (CHF
931 million) in line with its program to buy back
shares to reduce its issued share capital.
On December 31, 2025, DSM-Firmenich AG held
14,145,991 treasury shares (end of 2024:
404,185), out of which 12,049,441 shares are
reserved for capital reduction. The number of
outstanding shares at the end of 2025 is
251,530,397 (2024: 265,272,203).

309

Treasury shares held by DSM-Firmenich AG
2025

January 1
Treasury shares increase at maturity of forward contracts to repurchase
shares
Treasury shares repurchased for hedging of share plans
Treasury shares reissued for vesting of share plans and exercise of stock
options
Treasury shares repurchased for cancellation purposes
December 31

2024

Number of
shares

EUR
million

CHF
million

Number of
shares

EUR
million

CHF
million

404,185

40

37

-

-

-

1,000,000
881,355

109
80

102
75

404,185

40

38

(188,990)
12,049,441

(10)
1,000

(10)
931

-

-

-

14,145,991

1,219

1,135

404,185

40

38

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

NOTE 9

Dividend income
In 2025, dividends were received in the amount
of €1,743 million (CHF 1,624 million) from DSM
B.V and €350 million (CHF 326 million) from
Firmenich International SA.

In 2024, dividends were received from DSM B.V.
in the amount of €673 million (CHF 634 million).

NOTE 10

Personnel expenses
Personnel expenses relate mainly to the
remuneration of the Members of the Board of
Directors and Executive Committee.

2025
EUR Values in CHF

in million
Board of Directors fees and remuneration
Executive Committee remuneration

2
18

2
17

2
26

2
24

Total

20

19

28

26

NOTE 11

Other operating income and expense
Other operating income
Other operating income comprises mainly the
recharge of the remuneration of the Business
Unit (BU) heads of the Group to the principal
entities of these BUs amounting to €11 million
NOTE 12

(CHF 10 million), and the recharge of corporate
costs of €27 million (CHF 25 million) to DSM
Services B.V. In 2024, the amounts were €9
million (CHF 8 million) and €28 million (CHF 27
million) respectively.

Other finance income and expense
Other finance income and expense relate
mainly to interest income and interest expense
in relation to the in-house cash pool as well as
exchange gains and losses.

310

2024
EUR Values in CHF

Other operating expense
Other operating expense mainly includes
insurance premiums, audit fees and other
consultancy expenses.

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

NOTE 13

Guarantee obligations
Guarantees issued to third parties in favor of
Group companies amount to €16 million (CHF
15 million, 2024: €13 million, CHF 12 million)
which include guarantees of €1m issued under
a credit facility of €10 million, concluded in
2025 by DSM-Firmenich AG. Guarantees issued
to third parties in favor of Joint ventures
amount to €1 million (2024: nil)

In 2024, DSM-Firmenich AG, DSM B.V., and
Firmenich International SA signed a crossguarantee agreement to mitigate structural
subordination in the Group. The crossguarantee agreement includes downstream
guarantees from DSM-Firmenich AG to DSM B.V.
and Firmenich International SA. In addition,
there are also upstream guarantees from these

two subsidiaries to DSM-Firmenich AG. The
guarantees are irrevocable and unconditional,
and cover existing and future senior unsecured
debt instruments across these entities,
including dsm-firmenich’s existing senior
unsecured bonds. Under this cross-guarantee
agreement, DSM-Firmenich AG acts as
guarantor for the €4.8 billion (CHF 4.5 billion)
bonds issued by

Personnel

Major shareholders (above 3%)

Grant of RSUs to members Board of Directors

The annual average number of full-time
employees for the financial year 2025, as well
as the previous year, does not exceed 250.

Shareholders who hold a substantial position in
DSM-Firmenich AG should notify this
immediately to the Dutch Authority for the
Financial Markets (AFM). DSM-Firmenich AG
has not received notifications of any new
shareholder holding more than 3% of its share
capital.

dsm-firmenich (2024: €4.5 billion, CHF 4.2
billion), and for the credit facilities concluded
in 2024 by DSM B.V. comprising the €1.8 billion
(CHF 1.7 billion) revolving credit facility (RCF)
and €100 million (CHF 93 million) bilateral
revolving credit facility. The €1.0 billion (CHF 0.9
billion) bridge facility included in the
guaranteed credit facilities in 2024 was
cancelled on March 4, 2025.

PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Other information

Participation rights granted in 2025
Restricted Share Units (RSUs) are granted to
the Members of the Board of Directors, and
Performance Share Units (PSUs) to the
Members of the Executive Committee. See
opposite tables reflecting the grants in the year
2025.

311

Granted in 2025

Number of RSUs
granted
16,116

Granted in 2024

13,714

Value at opening price
EUR
Value in CHF
in thousand
in thousand
1,524
1,419
1,454

1,369

Fair value (IFRS)
EUR
Value in CHF
in thousand
in thousand
1,405
1,308
1,375

1,294

Grant of PSUs to members Executive Committee

Granted in 2025

Number of PSUs
granted
86,978

Granted in 2024

90,286

Value at opening price
EUR
Value in CHF
in thousand
in thousand
7,955
7,409
9,599

9,035

Fair value (IFRS)
EUR
Value in CHF
in thousand
in thousand
7,320
6,818
8,875

8,353

Consolidated Financial Statements

PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Events after the balance sheet date
On February 9, 2026, dsm-firmenich
announced it entered into an agreement with
CVC Capital Partners to divest its Animal
Nutrition & Health business for an enterprise
value of about €2.2 billion, which includes an
earn-out of up to €0.5 billion. dsm-firmenich
will retain a 20% equity stake. The transaction is
expected to be completed at the end of 2026
and is subject to conditions including
regulatory approvals, the finalization of all
required employee consultation processes, and
the creation and separation of a standalone
Essential Products Company and standalone
Solutions Company by dsm-firmenich.
On February 13, 2025, DSM-Firmenich AG
launched a share buyback program for an
amount of €1 billion and announced its
intention to reduce the issued share capital.
DSM-Firmenich AG announced the completion
of the share buyback program on December 2,
2025. The share capital reduction is planned to
be executed by public deed on February 20,
2026, and will lead to the cancellation of
12,049,441 shares.
On February 17, dsm-firmenich successfully
launched a €1.5 billion dual-tranche bond
issuance, consisting of €750 million 3.00%
fixed-rate notes due in 2031, and €750 million
3.75% fixed-rate notes due in 2038. The bonds
will be issued by DSM B.V. and guaranteed by
DSM-Firmenich AG pursuant to the previously
established cross-guarantee structure (see
also Note 13 Guarantee obligations). The
proceeds of the new bond will be used for
refinancing of existing bond maturities.

312

The re-offer price for the 5-year bond tranche
was 99.886%. Based on this price, the yield is
3.025%. The re-offer price for the 12-year bond
tranche was 99.100%. Based on this price, the
yield is 3.845%. The bonds will be listed on the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Appropriation of earnings available for distribution and
repayment of reserves from capital contributions
The Board of Directors of DSM-Firmenich AG
approved the financial statements on
February 19, 2026.
The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual
General Meeting a cash dividend of €2.50 per
ordinary share for the financial year 2025
(proposed dividend payment of €629 million).
Of this total dividend, €1.64 per share (total
€411 million) will be paid out of reserves from
capital contributions without deduction of any
Swiss withholding tax. The remaining €0.86 per
share (total €218 million) will be paid out of
available earnings and therefore subject to 35%
Swiss withholding tax.
The dividend is based on the number of issued
and outstanding ordinary shares on May 8,
2026. The ex-dividend date is May 11, 2026, the
dividend record date is May 12, 2026, and the
payment date is May 19, 2026. These proposals
are subject to adoption of the resolution by the
Annual General Meeting to be held on May 7,
2026.

The distribution amounts are based on the
share capital issued as at December 31, 2025,
and may change depending on the number of
shares issued and outstanding as at the
dividend record date. Treasury shares held by
DSM-Firmenich AG or its wholly owned
subsidiaries do not receive dividends.
On May 6, 2025, the Annual General Meeting
approved an amendment to the capital band
provision in the Articles of Association allowing
the Board of Directors to decrease the share
capital one or several times within the limit of
90% of the current share capital. This
authorization will be used to reduce the share
capital following the implementation of dsmfirmenich’s share buyback program announced
on February 13, 2025. The share capital
reduction will be executed in 2026, and lead to
the cancellation of 12,049,441 shares.

Distribution capacity
EUR
December 31, 2025

EUR
December 31, 2024

Reserves from capital contributions
Reserves from capital contributions reserved for cancellation related to the
share capital reduction planned for February 2026
Other capital reserves

21,392

22,771

1,000
7,687

7,687

Legal capital reserves
Non-distributable legal capital reserves

30,079
(1,001)

30,458
(1)

Legal capital reserves available for distribution

29,078

30,457

Profit brought forward
(Loss)/Profit for the year

4,009
(527)

3,622
667

Available earnings
Forward contracts to repurchase shares
Treasury shares

3,482
(219)

4,289
(109)
(40)

Available earnings for distribution

3,263

4,140

Total legal capital reserves and available earnings for distribution

32,341

34,597

in million

The Board of Directors proposes the following repayment of reserves from capital contributions:
EUR
December 31, 2025

EUR
December 31, 2024

Proposed repayment of reserves from capital contributions
Reserves from capital contributions to be carried forward

411
20,981

380
22,391

Total

21,392

22,771

in million

The Board of Directors proposes the following dividend from available earnings:
EUR
December 31, 2025

EUR
December 31, 2024

Proposed dividend payment out of available earnings
Available earnings to be carried forward

218
3,264

281
4,008

Total

3,482

4,289

in million

313

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

314

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

315

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Statutory Auditor’s report

316

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

Consolidated Financial Statements

Other information

317

<

Parent Company Financial Statements

>

Other Information

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

< Other Information

OTHER INFORMATION

dsm-firmenich figures: five-year summary
Balance sheet

in € million

2025

2024

2023

2022

2021

Goodwill and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment
Deferred tax assets
Share in associates and joint ventures
Derivatives
Other non-current assets

15,384
4,174
227
199
60
408

18,078
5,725
299
342
51
453

18,738
5,549
228
130
46
735

5,147
3,576
95
61
82
314

5,309
3,964
203
64
48
302

Non-current assets

20,452

24,948

25,426

9,275

9,890

Inventories
Current receivables
Derivatives
Financial investments
Cash and cash equivalents
Assets held for sale

2,121
2,099
41
121
1,782
2,729

3,290
2,769
23
50
2,667
-

3,390
2,843
42
107
2,456
6

2,339
1,622
42
125
2,755
1,245

2,297
1,697
30
489
1,561
56

Current assets

8,893

8,799

8,844

8,128

6,130

Total assets

29,345

33,747

34,270

17,403

16,020

Shareholders' equity
Non-controlling interests

18,244
179

22,511
186

22,908
162

10,743
102

9,318
79

Equity

18,423

22,697

23,070

10,845

9,397

Deferred tax liabilities
Employee benefit liabilities
Provisions
Borrowings
Derivatives
Other non-current liabilities

1,351
193
52
3,617
14
102

1,556
487
87
4,444
7
109

1,751
520
142
4,114
8
146

476
287
50
2,978
4
205

490
323
96
2,995
9
280

Non-current liabilities

5,329

6,690

6,681

4,000

4,193

Employee benefits liabilities
Provisions
Borrowings
Derivatives
Current liabilities
Liabilities held for sale

12
51
1,660
14
2,450
1,406

62
77
836
60
3,325
-

49
34
716
28
3,684
8

5
45
86
23
1,969
430

21
68
103
40
2,188
10

Current liabilities

5,593

4,360

4,519

2,558

2,430

Total equity and liabilities

29,345

33,747

34,270

17,403

16,020

Assets

Equity and liabilities

318

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Income statement

< Other Information

in € million

2025

2024

2023

2022

2021

Net sales
Net sales from continuing operations

12,521
9,034

12,799
9,054

11,015
10,627

10,480
8,390

9,468
7,269

Adjusted EBITDA¹
EBITDA

2,279
2,245

2,118
1,991

1,441
3,637

1,725
2,646

1,842
2,370

Adjusted operating profit (EBIT)¹
Operating profit (EBIT)
Operating profit (EBIT) from continuing operations
Financial income and expense
Income tax expense
Share of the profit (loss) of associates and joint ventures

1,114
(877)
711
(153)
98
(107)

926
561
547
(134)
(147)
-

428
2,330
(497)
(151)
(19)
(7)

1,071
1,994
682
(94)
(190)
5

1,167
1,689
711
(106)
(245)
342

Net profit (loss) for the year
Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests

(1,039)
(42)

280
(30)

2,153
(16)

1,715
(15)

1,680
(4)

Net profit (loss) available to equity holders of the parent company
Dividend on CumPref shares and interest on hybrid bonds

(1,081)
(26)

250
(28)

2,137
(6)

1,700
(6)

1,676
(6)

Net profit (loss) available to holders of ordinary shares
.

(1,107)

222

2,131

1,694

1,670

Capital employed
Capital expenditure:
- Intangible assets and Property, plant and equipment
- Acquisitions
Disposals
Depreciation, amortization and impairments
Net debt
Dividend
.

21,307

26,474

26,766

11,473

11,019

840
1,104
3,122
(3,301)
718

830
184
1,430
(2,556)
667

700
14,569
3,559
1,307
(2,215)
582

636
77
1,413
652
(87)
167

614
754
1,941
681
(1,019)
438

Workforce at December 31, headcount
.

28,550

28,214

29,301

20,682

21,358

1.59
0.63
15.2%
18.2%
14.9

2.02
0.67
10.1%
16.5%
15.8

1.96
0.67
8.8%
13.1%
12.3

3.15
0.62
0.8%
16.5%
20.1

2.52
0.59
9.7%
19.5%
17.4

Key figures and financial ratios

Financial ratios¹
Current assets / current liabilities
Equity / total assets
Gearing (net debt / equity plus net debt) in %
Adjusted EBITDA / net sales in %
Adjusted EBITDA / financial income and expense

1. In presenting and discussing dsm-firmenich’s financial position, operating results and cash flows, dsm-firmenich uses certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) not defined by IFRS. These APMs are used because they are an important
measure of dsm-firmenich’s business development and management performance. A full reconciliation of IFRS performance measures to the APMs is given in Note 2 Alternative performance measures.

319

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

Sustainability information – Environmental

< Other Information

>

2025

2024

2023

2022 ¹

2021

582
245
140.0
464.3
33.0
10,280.1
11,001.8
11,326.1

605.7
268.0
169.7
476.9
34.4
10,649.5
11,424.9
11,720.8

606.6
286.0
308.8
602.3
66.0
10,459.7
11,375.1
11,668.6

-

-

4,698,200
1,256,000

4,753,800
1,144,700

5,365,400
1,155,500

-

-

Water withdrawal, discharge and consumption (x 1,000 m3)
Total water withdrawal (m3)
Total freshwater withdrawals
Total water consumption
Total water discharged

100,350
82,500
5,400
94,800

103,600
86,200
5,300
98,250

104,400
82,900
5,800
98,600

-

-

Waste (tonnes)
Total non-hazardous waste
Total hazardous waste
Total recycled waste (hazardous and non-hazardous)

259,300
92,800
91,100

237,200
94,700
119,900

-²
-²
129,700

-

-

Emissions to air
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)
Nitrogen oxide (NOₓ)
Sulfur dioxide (SO₂)

2,500
350
15

2,400
500
20

2,700
600
20

-

-

Emissions to water
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) ¹
Nitrogen
Phosphorus

3,600
420
150

3,000
450
150

2,600
-²
-²

-

-

2025

2024

2023

2022 ¹

2021

80.5%
67.6
36.2%
79%
100%
48%

68.2%
59.7
27.9%
49%
100%
-²

58%
57.0
17%
-²
-²
-

-

-

Greenhouse gas emissions Scope 1, 2 & 3 (x 1,000 tonnes)
Gross Scope 1 CO2e emission
- Emissions from regulated emissions trading schemes
Total Scope 2 CO2e emissions - Market-based
Total Scope 2 CO2e emissions - Location-based
Total biogenic CO2 emissions from combustion of biofuels
Scope 3 CO2e emissions
Total CO2e emissions - market based
Total CO2e emissions - location based
Energy Consumption (MWh)
Total (net) energy consumption
Total renewable electricity consumption

1 Sustainability information was not reported at dsm-firmenich before 2023
2 First year of reporting

Sustainability information - Suppliers
Spend coverage with transparency platforms
Average EcoVadis score
Spend coverage by suppliers with SBTi - validated targets
Training delivered to suppliers with human rights identified gaps
Procurement members trained on responsible sourcing
Naturals sourcing program completion rate
1 Sustainability information was not reported at dsm-firmenich before 2023
2 First year of reportingSustainability information - Social

320

Parent Company Financial Statements

Sustainability information - Social

>

2025

2024

2023

2022 ¹

2021

28,550
18,132
10,406
12

28,214
17,968
10,242
4

29,301
18,487
10,811
3

-

-

4,149
17,718
6,683
1,567

4,276
17,401
6,537
1,586

3,961
16,763
6,504
2,042

-

-

36.4%
31.7%
68.3%
0.0%

36.3%
31.3%
43.1%
32.3%

36.9%
34.4%
37.4%
36.0%

-

-

0
-8.2%
3.3%
86.7

0
-6.1%
-²
71.7

-²
-²
-²

-

-

Employee engagement survey
Employee engagement (%)
Inclusion index (%)
Participation rate (%)

80%
71%
90%

79%
67%
85%

82%
-²
59%

-

-

Safety
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) - all
Process safety incident rate
Occupational health rate - all

0.26
0.30
0.10

0.24
0.31
0.11

0.31
0.28
0.14

-

-

Other People indicators
Employees covered by formally-elected employee representatives or collective agreement (%)

43%

43%

-²

-

-

Workforce
Male
Female
Not disclosed / Unknown
.
Workforce by age category
<30 years
30-50 years
>50 years
Non-integrated acquisitions
.
% females
Executives
Management
Other
.
Compensation-related metrics
Employees paid below benchmark
Unadjusted Gender pay gap
Adjusted gender pay gap
Remuneration ratio
.

1 Sustainability information was not reported at dsm-firmenich before 2023
2 First year of reporting

321

< Other Information

Parent Company Financial Statements

< Other Information

>

OTHER INFORMATION

Concepts and ratios
The following pages contain explanations for
the many terms, concepts, ratios, and other
definitions used in this Report. More
information can be found on our corporate
website at dsm-firmenich.com.
1) General
Biosciences

Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework – value
creation model
The value creation model is based on the
International Integrated Reporting Council's
Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework and gives
an overview of how we create value for our
stakeholders based on six capital inputs.
•

Biosciences are any of the sciences that deal
with living organisms.
Business Partners
Business Partners enable excellence and
efficiency, by partnering with the Group and
the Business Units, helping them to deliver on
their ambitions and serve their customers. In
addition, the Business Partners will drive
excellence with shared centers of expertise, to
bring differentiated capabilities to our
company.

•
•
•
•
•

Human capital
Societal & relationship capital
Natural capital
Financial capital
Intellectual capital
Manufactured capital

Plant-forward

Circular economy
Circular economy refers to an economy that is
restorative and in which materials flows are of
two types: biological nutrients, designed to reenter the biosphere safely, and technical
nutrients, which are designed to circulate at
high quality without entering the biosphere
throughout their entire lifecycle.
Chemical Oxygen Demand
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) is an indicator
of the degree of pollution of wastewater by
organic substances.
Continuing operations

A trend descriptor coined by Innova Market
Insights in 2021 to signal the plant-based foods
category’s push toward broader consumer
appeal and expansion into more market
categories and regions of the world.

Continuing operations is defined as the total
dsm-firmenich group excluding discontinued
operations as defined in note 3 ‘Change in the
scope of consolidation’ to the consolidated
financial statements.

Category of One

2) Sustainability

(D)IRO

Our ambition is to be more than just a merger
of two brilliant companies, each with its own
incredible talent and history, but to be seen as
a Category of One, unique in the world, and
something that our customers and
stakeholders are proud to be a part of.

Bio-based

Dependencies, Impacts, Risks and
Opportunities are defined and assessed to
identify sustainability matters, or specifically in
the nature space, nature pressures

Bio-based refers to a material that is derived
from a biological source, i.e., a living organism.
This includes, but is not limited to, materials
derived from plants, animals and fungi.

Eco-efficiency
Eco-efficiency is a concept (created in 1992 by
the World Business Council for Sustainable
Development (WBCSD)) that refers to the

322

creation of more goods and services while
using fewer resources and creating less waste
and pollution throughout their entire life cycle.
Energy
•

•

Primary energy: Is energy that has not yet
been subjected to a human engineered
conversion process. It is the energy
contained in unprocessed fuels.
Final (consumed) energy: Is energy
consumed by end-users. The difference
between primary energy and final
consumed energy is caused by the
conversion process between the two as well
as any transmission losses.

Equal pay and gender pay gap
Equal pay is a legal requirement for men and
women to be paid the same for performing the
same or similar work or work that has been
rated as being of equal value (by job
evaluation). The gender pay gap zooms in on
the difference between what men typically earn
overall in an organization compared to women,
irrespective of their role or seniority.
ESRS
The European Sustainability Reporting
Standards (ESRS) have been developed to
strengthen the consistency, comparability, and
reliability of sustainability reporting across the
European Union. The ESRS were adopted by the
European Commission under the Corporate

Parent Company Financial Statements

Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). They
establish mandatory reporting requirements for
companies within scope, covering
environmental, social, and governance matters.
The ESRS are designed to ensure that
organizations provide transparent,
standardized, and decision-useful information
on the impacts, risks, and opportunities related
to their activities. These standards support
enhanced accountability and enable
stakeholders to better assess sustainability
performance and long-term value creation.

health cases (past 12 months) / average
effective manpower (past 12 months))
•

Global South
•

The term Global South is used to describe
countries whose economies are not yet fully
developed and which face challenges such as
low per capita income, excessive
unemployment, and a lack of valuable capital.
These countries are located largely in the
southern hemisphere.

•

Frequency index (Safety)

Greenhouse gas emissions

•

The Frequency Index is a way to measure
safety performance. The number of accidents
of a particular category per 100 employees per
year.

dsm-firmenich applies the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol, which defines greenhouse gas
emissions (GHG) as “atmospheric gases that
absorb and emit radiation within the thermal
infrared range and that contribute to the
greenhouse effect and global climate change.”
We report GHGs based on their global warming
potential over 100 years in carbon dioxide
equivalent (CO2e).

•

•

•

Total Recordable Incident Rate: The Total
Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) is the
number of recordable injuries per 100 dsmfirmenich employees and contractor
employees in the past 12 months. The ‘TRIRown’ refers only to dsm-firmenich
employees. TRIR rate = 100 * (# of
recordable incidents (past 12 months) /
average effective manpower (past 12
months))
Process Safety Incidents: The Process
Safety Incidents (PSI) rate is the number of
Process Safety Incidents per 100 dsmfirmenich employees and contractor
employees in the past 12 months. PSI rate =
100 * (# of PSIs (past 12 months) / average
effective manpower (past 12 months))
Occupational health: The occupational
health rate is the number of occupational
health cases per 100 dsm-firmenich
employees and contractor employees in the
past 12 months. REC rate = 100 * (# of

323

•

•

•

Scope 1, Direct GHG emissions: Occur from
sources owned or controlled by the
company (i.e., emissions from combustion
in owned or controlled boilers, furnaces,
vehicles, etc.).
Scope 2, Indirect GHG emissions Relate to
the generation of purchased energy (i.e.,
electricity, heat or cooling) consumed by
the company. Purchased energy is defined
as energy that is purchased or otherwise
brought into the organizational boundary of
the company. Scope 2 emissions physically
occur at the facility where the energy is
generated.
Market-based emissions reflect GHG
emissions from electricity supplies (Scope
2) that companies have purposely chosen

(or their lack of choice) and contracted.
Corresponding emission factors:
Supplier specific emission factor: Provided
by the supplier
Residual emission factor: Country-based
grid factor, corrected for allocated
purchased electricity from renewable
resources
Scope 3 emissions: All indirect emissions
(not included in Scope 2) that occur in the
value chain of the reporting company,
including both upstream and downstream
emissions.
Net-zero emissions: The Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) states:
“net-zero emissions are achieved when
anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse
gases to the atmosphere are balanced by
anthropogenic removals over a specified
period. Where multiple greenhouse gases
are involved, the quantification of net-zero
emissions depends on the climate metric
chosen to compare emissions of different
gases (such as global warming potential,
global temperature change potential, and
others, as well as the chosen time horizon).”

GRI
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) has
developed Sustainability Reporting Guidelines
that strive to increase the transparency and
accountability of economic, environmental, and
social performance. The GRI was established in
1997 in partnership with the UN Environment
Programme. It is an international, multistakeholder and independent institution whose
mission is to develop and disseminate globally
applicable Sustainability Reporting Guidelines.
These Guidelines are for voluntary use by
organizations for reporting on the economic,

< Other Information

>

environmental, and social dimensions of their
activities, products and services.
Guarantee of origin
A guarantee of origin (GO)is defined in EU
Directive 2009/28/EC as “an electronic
document which has the sole function of
providing proof to a final customer that a given
share or quantity of energy was produced from
renewable sources as required by Article 3(6)
of Directive 2003/54/EC.” The requirements of
a GO are explained in Article 15 of the same
Directive.
Living wage
The remuneration received for a standard
working time by an employee in a particular
place sufficient to afford a decent standard of
living for the employee and his/her family.
Elements of a decent standard of living include
food, water, housing, education, healthcare,
transport, clothing, and other essential needs,
including provision for unexpected events.
Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC)
Loss of Primary Containment is an unplanned
or uncontrolled release of material from the
container in direct contact with the material.
Mass-balance
Mass-balance accounting is a well-known
approach that has been designed to trace the
flow of materials through a complex value chain.
The mass-balance approach provides a set of
rules for how to allocate the bio-based and/or
recycled content to different products to be
able to claim and market the content as ‘bio’based or ‘recycled’-based.

Parent Company Financial Statements

NOx

VOC

Capital expenditures

Nitrogen oxides. These gases are released
mainly during combustion.

Volatile organic compounds. The term covers a
wide range of chemical compounds, such as
organic solvents, some of which can be harmful.

Capital expenditures (CAPEX) include all
investments in intangible assets and property,
plant and equipment.

Renewable resource

Water use and water consumption

Disposals

Water use includes water used for ‘oncethrough cooling’ that is returned to the original
water source after use. Water consumption is
the portion of water used that is not returned
to the original water source after being
withdrawn.

The total of the carrying amount of intangible
assets and property, plant and equipment,
inventories, trade receivables and other
receivables, less trade payables, other current
liabilities, investment grants and customer
funding disposed of.

Safety, Health and Environment (SHE)

3) Financial

Earnings per share

Our policy is to maintain business activities and
produce products that do not adversely affect
safety or health, and that fit with the concept of
sustainable development. We do this by setting
the following objectives:

This Report includes both information that is
presented in accordance with IFRS as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board
and Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).

Net profit available to holders of ordinary
shares, divided by the weighted average
number of ordinary shares outstanding. The
financial indicators per ordinary share are
calculated on the basis of the average number
of ordinary shares outstanding (average daily
number). In calculating Shareholders’ equity per
ordinary share, however, the number of shares
outstanding at year-end is used.

A natural resource which is replenished by
natural processes at a rate comparable to, or
faster than, its rate of consumption by humans
or other users. The term covers perpetual
resources such as solar radiation, tides, winds
and hydroelectricity as well as fuels derived
from organic matter (bio-based fuels).

•
•
•
•

to provide an injury-free and incident-free
workplace;
to prevent all work-related disabilities or
health problems;
to control and minimize the risks associated
with our products for their whole life cycle
to choose production processes and
products such that the use of raw materials
and energy is minimized; to evaluate and
improve our practices, processes and
products continuously in order to make
them safe and acceptable to its employees,
the customers, the public and the
environment.

SOx
Sulfur oxide. This gas is formed during the
combustion of fossil fuels.

324

Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
In presenting and discussing our financial
position, operating results and net results,
management uses certain other alternative
performance measures (APMs) not defined by
IFRS. To arrive at these APMs, adjustments are
made for material items of income and expense
arising from circumstances such as
acquisitions and divestments, restructuring,
impairments, and other events (i.e., APM
adjustments). For an overview of the APMs and
the reconciliations to the most directly
reconcilable IFRS metric, please see Note 2
Alternative performance measures to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. In
calculating financial profitability ratios, use is
made of the average of the opening and closing
values of balance sheet items in the year under
review.

< Other Information

Operating working capital
The total of inventories and trade receivables,
less trade payables. See also Working capital.
Organic sales growth
Organic sales growth is the sales growth
excluding the impact of acquisitions,
divestments, and currency impacts.
R&D expenditure
R&D expenditure relates to all efforts done
across the company to develop new products
or improve existing products and processes. As
such, R&D expenditure includes all costs and
capitalized expenditures that relate to Research
& Development, as well as costs incurred by
other departments to support R&D activities.
Sales to cash conversion
Sales to cash conversion is the adjusted gross
operating free cash flow (AGOFCF) as a
percentage of net sales.

Liquidity event

Total Shareholder Return

A major financial transaction, such as an IPO,
merger, or acquisition, that allows investors,
founders, and employees to convert their
illiquid shares (ownership in a private company)
into cash or publicly traded stock to realize the
monetary value of their equity.

Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is capital gain
plus dividend paid.

Net debt
Net debt is the total of current and non-current
borrowings less cash and cash equivalents,
current investments and the net position of
derivatives.

>

Working capital
The total of inventories and current receivables,
less current payables. See also Operating
working capital.

Parent Company Financial Statements

< Other Information

OTHER INFORMATION

Abbreviations
This report may contain certain terms and
abbreviations unfamiliar to certain international
readers. The following section provides a list of
key abbreviations we use.

CHF

Swiss Franc

ERM

Enterprise Risk Management

CHRO

Chief Human Resources Officer

ERT

European Round Table for Industry

CLP

Classification, Labelling and Packaging Regulation

ESG

Environmental, Social and Governance

CO2e

Carbon Dioxide Equivalent

ESRS

European Sustainability Reporting Standards

ADR

American Depositary Receipts

COD

Chemical Oxygen Demand

EUDR

European Union Deforestation Regulation

AFM

Autoriteit Financiële Markten (The Dutch Authority

CODM

Chief Operating Decision Maker

ExCo

Executive Committee

for the Financial Markets)

COSO

The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the

F&F

Flavors & Fragrances

Treadway Commission

FCLT

Focusing Capital on the Long Term

AGM

Annual General Meeting

AGOFCF

Adjusted Gross Operating Free Cash Flow

CPO

Chief Procurement Officer

FEMA

Flavor Extract Manufacturers' Association

AI

Artificial Intelligence

CSD

Central Security Depository

FIFO

First In, First Out

AIF

Africa Improved Foods

CSO

Chief Sustainability Officer

FMO

De Nederlandse Financierings-maatschappij voor

ANH

Animal Nutrition & Health

CSRD

Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive

Ontwikkelingslanden (Dutch Entrepreneurial

APAC

Asia-Pacific

CTAP

Climate Transition Action Plan

Development Bank)

API

Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient

DCC

Dutch Civil Code

FSC

Forest Stewardship Council

APM

Alternative Performance Measures

DE&I

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

FVOCI

Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income

ATP

Adenosine Triphosphate

DHA

Docosahexaenoic Acid

Fx

Foreign Exchange

BfN

Business for Nature

(D)IRO

(Dependency,) Impact, Risk and Opportunity

G&A

General & Administrative

BRL

Brazilian Real

DNP

DSM Nutritional Products

GBF

Global Biodiversity Framework

BU

Business Unit

DSFIR

dsm-firmenich, as listed on Euronext Amsterdam

GHG

Greenhouse Gas

CAD

Canadian Dollar

EBIT

Earnings Before Interest and Taxes

GMP

Good Manufacturing Practice

CAGR

Compound Annual Growth Rate

EBITDA

Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and

GMT

Global Management Team

CAPEX

Capital Expenditure

Amortization

GNC

Governance & Nomination Committee

CBD

Convention on Biological Diversity

ECL

Expected Credit Loss

GO

Guarantee of Origin

CDC

Commonwealth Development Corporation (British

ECP

Euro Commercial Paper

GRI

Global Reporting Initiative

International Investment)

EFSA

European Food Safety Authority

HMO

Human Milk Oligosaccharides

CDP

Carbon Disclosure Project

EPA

Eicosapentaenoic Acid

HNC

Health, Nutrition & Care

CEO

Chief Executive Officer

EPD

Environmental Product Declaration

HR

Human Resources

CFO

Chief Financial Officer

EPP

European People’s Party

IAS

International Accounting Standards

CGU

Cash Generating Unit

EPS

Earnings Per Share

IASB

International Accounting Standards Board

325

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

< Other Information

ICF

Incremental Cash Flows

NCI

Non-Controlling Interests

SILC

Stanford Interdisciplinary Lifesciences Council

IFC

International Finance Corporation

NGO

Non-Governmental Organization

SMETA

Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit

IFRS

International Financial Reporting Standards

OCI

Other Comprehensive Income

SOC/SVHC

Substance of (Very High) Concern

IIGCC

Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change

OECD

Organisation for Economic Co-operation and

SoD

Segregation of Duties

ILO

International Labour Organisation

Development

SPF

Sun Protection Factor

IMD

International Institute for Management

P&B

Perfumery & Beauty

SPPI

Solely Payments of Principal & Interest

Development

PEF

Product Environmental Footprint

SQLNS

Small Quantity Lipid-Based Nutrient Supplements

IP

Intellectual Property

PEFC

Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certification

SSP

Shared Socioeconomic Pathways

IPCC

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

PFS

Partners in Food Solutions

STI

Short-Term Incentive

IPO

Initial Public Offering

P.P.

Percentage Point

TCFD

Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

IR

Integrated Reporting

PPA

Purchase Price Allocation; also Power Purchase

TfS

Together for Sustainability

IRO

Impact, risk, and opportunity

Agreement

TNFD

Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures

ISDA

International Swaps and Derivatives Association

Personal Protective Equipment; also Property, Plant

TRIR

Total Recordable Incident Rate

ISSB

International Sustainability Standards Board

and Equipment

TSR

Total Shareholder Return

KPI

Key Performance Indicator

PSU

Performance Share Unit

TTH

Taste, Texture & Health

LCA

Life Cycle Assessment

RCF

Revolving Credit Facility

UEBT

Union for Ethical BioTrade

LGBTIQ+

Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Intersex and

RCP

Representative Concentration Pathways

UN

United Nations

Queer and other

RE

Renewable Electricity

UNGP

United Nations Guiding Principle

LNnT

Lacto-N-neotetraose

RfR

Relief-from-Royalty

VAT

Value Added Tax

LPP/BVG

Swiss Federal Law on Occupational Retirement,

ROCE

Return on Capital Employed

WBCSD

World Business Council for Sustainable

Survivors and Disability

RoSPA

Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents

LSFF

Large-Scale Food Fortification

RSPO

Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil

WEF

World Economic Forum

LT

Leadership Team

RSU

Restricted Share Unit

WFP

World Food Programme

LTI

Long-Term Incentive

SAL

Sight and Life

WRI

World Resource Institute

M&A

Mergers and Acquisitions

SBC

Social Behavior Change

WWF

Worldwide Fund for Nature

MEEM

Multi-period Excess Earnings Method

SBT

Science Based Target

MMS

Multiple Micronutrient Supplement

SBTi

Science Based Targets initiative

MNP

Micronutrient Powder

SBTN

Science Based Targets Network

MSC

Marine Stewardship Council

SDG

Sustainable Development Goal

NIS 2

Directive (EU) 2022/2555 of the European

SEDEX

Supplier Ethical Data Exchange

Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022

SFDR

Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation

on measures for a high common level of

SFE

Supercritical Fluid Extraction

cybersecurity across the Union

SHE

Safety, Health and Environment

326

PPE

Development

>

Parent Company Financial Statements

We bring progress to life
You can also find our Integrated Annual Report 2025
online at dsm-firmenich Integrated Annual Report 2025
©2026 dsm-firmenich. All rights reserved.

327

< Other Information

>

