=== HOOD_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently see as immaterial might also adversely affect our business. Some statements in this Annual Report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those described at length in the Risk Factors section below. We consider the following to be our most material risks: We might not grow in line with historical rates. We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which subjects us to a number of uncertainties, risks, and difficulties that could adversely affect our business. Our results of operations and other operating metrics fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes these metrics difficult to predict. Factors that affect transaction-based revenue - such as reduced spreads in securities pricing, reduced levels of trading activity generally, changes in our business relationships with or disruption in the services provided by Liquidity Providers (as defined below), and any new regulation of, or any bans on, PFOF and similar practices - might result in reduced profitability, increased compliance costs, and negative publicity. We are directly and indirectly exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, and rapidly changing interest rate environments have in the past and could in the future reduce our net interest revenues and otherwise result in reduced profitability. As registered broker-dealers, we are subject to best execution requirements under SEC guidelines and FINRA rules. We could be penalized if we fail to comply with these requirements and these requirements might be modified in the future in a way that could harm our business. Unfavorable media coverage and other events that harm our brand and reputation have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our revenue and the size, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base. Our business has been and might continue to be harmed by changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact global financial markets, or by a systemic market event. 30 Table of Contents Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract and retain senior management and other highly skilled personnel. Rothera, owned and operated as a joint venture with SIG, operates a futures and derivatives exchange and clearinghouse through its subsidiary, Rothera E C. We do not wholly own or operationally control Rothera and its subsidiaries, and actions taken by Rothera and its subsidiaries could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. We currently operate in certain international markets and plan to further expand our international operations, which exposes us to significant new risks, and our international expansion efforts might not succeed. Our business is subject to extensive, complex and changing laws and regulations, and related regulatory proceedings and investigations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, could harm our business. We have been subject to regulatory investigations, actions, and settlements and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a materially adverse manner. We are involved in numerous litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could expose us to significant liability and reputational harm. Our ability to offer event contracts is subject to the outcome of currently ongoing and potential future regulatory enforcement actions and litigation, as well as potential changes in federal or state law, that could immediately or subsequently prevent us from offering, or continuing to offer, event contracts. We operate in highly competitive markets, and many of our competitors have greater resources than we do and may have products and services that are more appealing than ours to our current or potential customers. If we fail to retain existing customers or attract new customers, or if our customers decrease their use of our products and services, our revenue will decline. If we fail to provide and monetize new and innovative products and services that are adopted by customers, our business may become less competitive and our revenue might decline. We rely on third parties to perform some key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to incorporate AI technologies into some of our products and processes. These technologies may present business, compliance, and reputational risks. Our business could be materially and adversely affected by a cybersecurity breach or other attack involving our computer systems or data or those of our customers or third-party or fourth-party service providers. If we do not maintain the net capital levels required by regulators, our broker-dealer business may be restricted, and we may be fined or subject to other disciplinary or corrective actions. Our compliance and risk management policies and procedures as a regulated financial services company might not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating compliance and risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. 31 Table of Contents In the U.S., any particular cryptocurrency s status as a security is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we have not properly characterized one or more cryptocurrencies, we might be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties. If the SEC, a state regulator or a private litigant alleges that staking services we offer in the U.S. involve unregistered offers and sales of securities or unregistered securities broker-dealer activity in violation of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or applicable state laws or regulations, and the courts agree with such plaintiff, we may be required to cease our staking activities and may be subject to monetary and other penalties. Cryptocurrency laws, regulations, and accounting standards are often difficult to interpret and are rapidly evolving in ways that are difficult to predict. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with them, could negatively impact cryptocurrency trading on our platforms. Our introduction of Robinhood Stock Tokens in the EEA may expose us to significant regulatory, litigation, contractual, operational, and reputational risks. The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our founders, which limits your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. In addition, the Founders Voting Agreement (as defined below) and any future issuances of our Class C common stock could prolong the duration of our founders voting control. Risks Related to Our Business We might not grow in line with historical rates. We have grown rapidly since our founding. However, the circumstances that accelerated the growth of our business in the past, including an extended period of general macroeconomic growth in the U.S., as well as growth in the financial services and technology industries, may not exist in the future. You should not rely on our revenue or key business metrics for any previous quarterly or annual period as any indication of our revenue, revenue growth, key business metrics or key business metrics growth in future periods. We might experience declines in the growth of our business (or negative growth) as a result of a number of factors, including slowing demand for our platforms, insufficient growth in the number of customers that utilize our platforms, declines in the level of usage of our platforms by existing customers, macroeconomic factors, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, including as a result of our inability to scale to meet such growth and economic conditions that have, in some instances, and could continue to reduce financial activity and the maturation of our business, among others. We also may not realize the intended benefits of acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, products or technologies intended to grow our business. Any failure to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, will negatively affect our growth. Our revenue growth rate has declined in the past and if our revenue growth rate were to decline in the future, investors perceptions of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which subjects us to a number of uncertainties, risks, and difficulties that could adversely affect our business. We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for, model, and manage potential future growth and risks. For example, we 32 Table of Contents have undertaken multiple restructurings, and in the past, have implemented significant workforce reductions and have scaled back hiring plans. These actions were driven by a general downturn in economic and market conditions. While these steps were taken to improve operational efficiency, there can be no assurance that further restructuring or workforce reductions will not be necessary in the future. As part of our ongoing efforts in the normal course of business, we also continuously evaluate whether we are appropriately staffed to be cost efficient. From time to time, we have reduced our staff in certain departments as we saw increased productivity and opportunities for greater efficiency under a leaner operating model while continuing to deliver great service and innovation for our customers. Such efforts to control costs have in the past resulted, and might in the future result in reduced productivity and deteriorating workforce morale, which can cause our business initiatives to suffer. However, as market conditions improve, we also face a risk that renewed business growth could strain our existing resources, or that we are not able to effectively scale up in response, and we could experience ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business across numerous jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing a dispersed employee base. We have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies in rapidly changing and heavily regulated industries, including challenges associated with achieving market acceptance of our products and services, attracting and retaining customers, and complying with laws and regulations (particularly those that are subject to evolving interpretations and application), as well as increased competition and the complexities of managing expenses as we expand our business. Additionally, as our business operations continue to expand, we have had and may continue to have difficulties meeting customer demand and expectations or face challenges with respect to new offerings or services we have not previously provided or have previously provided in a different capacity or smaller scale. For instance, as a result of our acquisition of Bitstamp in June 2025, we now provide additional cryptocurrency products and services to institutional customers both in parts of the U.S. and internationally, including products and services such as on-exchange lending, off-exchange settlement, post-trade settlement, and perpetual futures. These offerings to certain institutional clients expose us to risks we have not historically faced at scale, including credit risk, regulations and laws. We might fail to adequately address these and other challenges we may face, and our business might be adversely affected if we do not manage these risks successfully. Our results of operations and other operating metrics fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes these metrics difficult to predict. Our results of operations are heavily reliant on the level of trading activity on our platforms and Net Deposits. In the past, our results of operations and other operating metrics have fluctuated from quarter to quarter, including due to movements and trends in the underlying markets, changes in general economic conditions, interest in investing, and fluctuations in trading levels generally, each of which is outside our control and will continue to be outside of our control. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations might not be meaningful, and our past results of operations should not be relied on as indicators of future performance. Further, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties that are frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets. Our financial condition and results of operations in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, including the occurrence of any of the risks described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control. Factors contributing to quarterly fluctuations have included and could in the future include, among others: our ability to retain and engage existing customers and attract new customers; the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors, or other changes in the competitive landscape of our market; volatility in the market, whether generally or as a result of certain or anticipated events (such as developments with respect to tariffs and trade policy shifts), or the occurrence of so-called meme trading in equities, options, cryptocurrencies, or futures (which includes options on 33 Table of Contents futures and swaps, including cleared swaps and event contracts ( Futures )) which can cause our trading volumes to fluctuate; fluctuations in interest rates; increases in marketing, sales, compensation (for example, due to increased hiring competition for highly skilled personnel), cloud infrastructure, and other operating expenses that we might incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive; the timing and amount of non-cash expenses, such as SBC and asset impairments; the success of our expansion into new markets or acquisitions; trading volume and the prevailing trading prices for cryptocurrencies, which can be highly volatile; ceasing support for certain cryptocurrencies on our RHC platform that the SEC or a court has asserted or determined are securities or proactively removing certain cryptocurrencies because they share similarities with such cryptocurrencies; changes in the public s perception, adoption, and use of cryptocurrencies and other asset classes; any inability of customers to place trades, due to system disruptions, outages, or trading restrictions; any events that damage customer confidence in Robinhood, such as breaches of security or privacy; the impacts of public health threats (including pandemics such as COVID-19), unemployment, and inflation; changes in domestic or global business or macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of tariffs and trade policy shifts, geopolitical conflicts, banking instability, or responses to these events; and changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued, and might significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period. Any of the factors above or listed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, or the cumulative effect of some of those factors, could result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. In most full year periods since our inception, we have incurred operating losses and might not be profitable in the future. We generated positive full year GAAP net income for the first time in 2024. However, in most full year periods since our inception, we have incurred operating losses. We might not be able to maintain or increase our revenue and/or maintain or further reduce our operating expenses by sufficient amounts to continue to generate positive GAAP net income on a quarterly or yearly basis in the future. Factors that affect transaction-based revenue - such as reduced spreads in securities pricing, reduced levels of trading activity generally, changes in our business relationships with or disruption in the services provided by Liquidity Providers, and any new regulation of, or any bans on, PFOF and similar practices - might result in reduced profitability, increased compliance costs, and negative publicity. 34 Table of Contents A large portion of our revenue is transaction-based, in that we receive consideration in exchange for routing our users equity, option, and cryptocurrency trade orders to market makers, wholesalers and other liquidity providers (together, the Liquidity Providers ) for execution. With respect to equities and options trading, such fees are known as payment for order flow, or PFOF. With respect to cryptocurrency trading, currently we receive Transaction Rebates. Our transaction-based revenue is sensitive to and dependent on trading volumes and therefore tends to decline during periods in which we experience decreased levels of trading generally. Computer-generated buy/sell programs and other technological advances and regulatory changes in the marketplace might continue to tighten spreads on transactions, which could also lead to a decrease in our PFOF earned from Liquidity Providers. For example, the SEC adopted final rules in 2024 (the September 2024 Final Rules ) to, among other things, adopt an additional minimum pricing increment, or tick size, for the quoting of certain NMS stocks under Rule 612 of Regulation NMS, reduce the access fee caps for protected quotations under Rule 610 of Regulation NMS and enhance the transparency of better priced orders. On September 30, 2025 and October 31, 2025, the SEC granted temporary exemptive relief from certain compliance dates adopted under the September 2024 Final Rules, including those relating to amended Rule 605 reporting, rules related to the requirement that exchange fees be determinable at the time of execution and the rules related to minimum pricing increments and access fee caps, which extended the effective dates to February, August, and November of 2026 respectively. The quote transparency rules will make the information about smaller-sized orders publicly available and result in the contraction of spreads across several securities, which we expect could lead to a decrease in the PFOF earned from such orders once the securities information processors ( SIPs ) begin dissemination of information incorporating the new round lot and odd-lot definitions (starting on May 1, 2026), followed by an August 1, 2026 compliance date for the Rule 605 execution quality report amendments. In addition, the regulatory and legislative landscape involving cryptocurrencies is subject to change and is experiencing rapid evolution, and future regulatory actions or policies, including for instance, the assertion of jurisdiction by domestic and foreign regulators and governments over cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency markets, could reduce demand for cryptocurrency trading and might materially decrease our revenue derived from Transaction Rebates in absolute terms and as a proportion of our total revenues. Risks Related to our Business Relationships with Liquidity Providers Our PFOF and Transaction Rebate arrangements with Liquidity Providers are a matter of practice and business understanding and are often not documented under binding contracts (as is generally the case with Liquidity Providers in equities and options). If any Liquidity Providers were unwilling to continue to receive orders from us or to pay us for those orders (including, for example, as a result of unusually high volatility), we might have little to no recourse and, if there are no other Liquidity Providers that are willing to receive such orders from us or to pay us for such orders, or if we are unable to find replacement Liquidity Providers in a timely manner, our transaction-based revenue would be negatively impacted. With respect to cryptocurrencies, for instance, fewer Liquidity Providers are currently able to execute cryptocurrency trades. For instance, in May 2023, two prominent Liquidity Providers announced their respective decisions to limit their offerings in cryptocurrency trading within the U.S. Although we have established relationships with third-party cryptocurrency exchanges that may provide additional access to Liquidity Providers that are able to execute cryptocurrency trades, without additional Liquidity Providers supporting cryptocurrencies entering the industry in the U.S., there is a risk that we may be unable to find suitable Liquidity Providers to support cryptocurrencies. Additionally, this risk is heightened for brokerage orders executed outside of regular market hours through Robinhood 24 Hour Market, as currently brokerage trades executed overnight primarily are routed through one Liquidity Provider - Virtu. If Virtu becomes unwilling or unable to do business with us in the future, we may be unable to find additional Liquidity Providers to support Robinhood 24 Hour Market, which could negatively impact our transaction-based revenue. Furthermore, if any of our Liquidity Providers decide to alter our given fee arrangement, our transaction-based revenue could significantly decrease. Additionally, disruptions in the services provided by Liquidity Providers, whether, for example, due to technical malfunctions, operational mishaps, financial instability of the Liquidity Providers, or external factors such as regulatory changes or market volatility, have in the past, and may in the future impair our ability to execute our client s orders. Should a Liquidity Provider experience downtime or diminished performance, particularly during peak trading hours, our ability to execute customer orders could be 35 Table of Contents compromised and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to Regulation of PFOF In recent years, PFOF practices have drawn heightened scrutiny from the U.S. Congress, the SEC, state regulators, and other regulatory and legislative authorities. For example, in December 2020, we settled an SEC investigation into our best execution and PFOF practices and are defending a consolidated putative class action in federal district court relating to the same factual allegations. Additionally, since July 2023, we have been cooperating with an investigation being conducted by the New York Attorney General concerning brokerage execution quality. We also face the risk that the SEC, other regulatory authorities, or legislative bodies might adopt additional regulation or legislation relating to, or which may otherwise impact, PFOF practices as a result of such heightened scrutiny or otherwise. For instance, in March 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to enhance order execution disclosures under Rule 605 of Regulation NMS (the Order Execution Disclosure Rules ), which will apply for the first time to RHF and RHS beginning in August 2026. Beginning in August 2026, the Order Execution Disclosure Rules will require brokers, including RHF and RHS, to make new, publicly available execution quality disclosures that will allow customers, regulators, academics, the press and others to compare execution quality between brokers. Execution quality of brokers may vary based on the trading characteristics of the broker s customers, including, but not limited to, the average number of shares traded, the types of securities (e.g., large cap, small cap, more liquid or less liquid, average spread size, etc.), what types of orders customers submit (e.g., market or limit) and when customers place their trades (e.g., market open, during the regular session or market close). Depending on how our order execution quality compares to other brokers, we could be subject to negative press or critical academic studies that could result in regulatory scrutiny or civil actions which could harm our brand and reputation. Beginning in May 2026, as a result of the amended round lot and odd-lot definitions, the SIPs will begin making information about smaller-sized orders publicly available, which will result in the contraction of spreads across many securities, and we expect may lead to a decrease in the PFOF earned from such orders. Any new or heightened PFOF regulation, including the September 2024 Final Rules will result in increased compliance costs and otherwise could materially decrease our transaction-based revenue, might make it more difficult for us to expand our platforms in certain jurisdictions, and could require us to make significant changes to our revenue model, which changes might not be successful. Because some of our competitors either do not engage in PFOF or derive a lower percentage of their revenues from PFOF than we do, any legal or regulatory change that impacts PFOF could have an outsized impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, depending on the nature of any new requirements, heightened regulation could also increase our risk of potential regulatory violations and civil litigation, which could result in fines or other penalties, as well as negative publicity. Risks Related to Negative Publicity Associated with PFOF, Transaction Rebates or our Liquidity Providers Additionally, any negative publicity surrounding PFOF or Transaction Rebate practices generally, or our implementation of these practices, could harm our brand and reputation. For example, as a result of the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions (as defined in Note 15 - Commitments Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report), we faced allegations that our decision to temporarily prevent our customers from purchasing specified securities was influenced by our relationship with certain market makers. Furthermore, as registered broker-dealers, market makers must comply with rules and regulations that are generally intended to prohibit them from taking advantage of information they obtain while executing orders (e.g., through the prohibition on front running ). Market makers also have a duty to seek best execution of customers equity and option orders we send to them. If the market makers we use to execute our customers equity and option trades were to violate such rules and regulations and use this data for their own benefit in violation of applicable rules and regulations, it could result in negative publicity for us by association. Developments in any proposals related to the regulation 36 Table of Contents of PFOF or market structure design have generated and might continue to generate negative publicity associated with PFOF. Additionally, if our customers or potential customers believe that they might get better execution quality (including better price improvement) directly from our competitors that have different execution arrangements, or if our customers perceive our PFOF practices to create a conflict of interest between us and them, or if they begin to disfavor the specific market markers with which we do business due to any negative media attention, they might come to have an adverse view of our business model and might decide to limit or cease the use of our platforms. Some customers might prefer to invest through our competitors that do not engage in PFOF or Transaction Rebate practices or engage in them differently than do we. Any such loss of customer engagement as a result of any negative publicity associated with PFOF or Transaction Rebate practices could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. RHC has started to allow customers to choose a fee-based model in lieu of a liquidity provider rebate-based model (under which RHC receives Transaction Rebates from Liquidity Providers) for cryptocurrency orders routed to cryptocurrency exchanges for execution. This shift may lead to negative publicity due to potential differences in total costs for customers under the two models. Depending on the nature of these cost differences, concerns might arise about (i) the use of PFOF with respect to other asset classes like equities and options and/or (ii) the replacement of Transaction Rebates with customer fees for cryptocurrency orders routed to cryptocurrency exchanges for execution. Any negative publicity associated with adopting this model may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are directly and indirectly exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, and rapidly changing interest rate environments have in the past and could in the future reduce our net interest revenues and otherwise result in reduced profitability. A portion of our revenue comes from interest income earned from our corporate cash and investment portfolio, our securities lending activities, cash sweep, and from interest-rate sensitive assets, including receivables from users margin-borrowing and other assets underlying the customer balances we hold on our balance sheets as customer accounts. Interest rates are the key driver of our net interest income and are subject to many factors beyond our control. Reductions in interest rates have negatively impacted, and a return to a low interest rate environment would negatively impact our total net revenues, net income (loss), and cash flows, prior to any income tax effects, and adversely impact our customers returns on their cash deposits. Changes to the level or mix of interest earning balances could also negatively impact our total net revenues, net income (loss), and cash flows, prior to any tax income effects, if customers react to the rising interest rate environment by moving cash that would have otherwise been spent on services or products with higher revenue potential for Robinhood into Robinhood accounts that offer customers high interest rates. For a more detailed discussion of interest rate risk and an estimate of how hypothetical 50, 100 or 150 basis point increases or decreases in interest rates to the period end balances of our interest-earning assets and liabilities could affect our total net revenues, net income (loss), and cash flows, prior to any income tax effects, see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk-Interest Rate Risk elsewhere in this report. Higher interest rates also lead to higher payment obligations by our customers to us and to their creditors under mortgage, credit card, and other consumer and merchant loans, which might reduce our customers ability to satisfy their obligations to us, including failing to pay for securities purchased, meet minimum credit card payments, deliver securities sold, or meet margin calls, and therefore lead to increased delinquencies, charge-offs, and allowances for loan and interest receivables, which could have an adverse effect on our net income. Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely impact our customers general spending levels and ability and willingness to invest and spend through our platforms. As registered broker-dealers, we are subject to best execution requirements under SEC guidelines and FINRA rules. We could be penalized if we fail to comply with these requirements and these requirements might be modified in the future in a way that could harm our business. 37 Table of Contents As registered broker-dealers, we are subject to best execution requirements under SEC guidelines and FINRA rules, which requires us to obtain the best reasonably available terms for customer orders. We have in the past and continue to be subject to investigations related to our best execution practices. We may face additional investigations and/or a risk of penalties in the future related to our best execution practices. We also might be adversely affected in the future by regulatory changes related to our obligations with regard to best execution. In particular, receipt of PFOF and best execution requirements have drawn heightened scrutiny from the U.S. Congress, the SEC, and other regulatory and legislative authorities, who have at times alleged that PFOF arrangements, like those we have with our Liquidity Providers, can result in harm to customer execution quality. There is a risk that these bodies might adopt new laws or regulations relating to PFOF practices and best execution requirements as a result of such heightened scrutiny or otherwise. For instance, the SEC previously proposed rules relating to best execution requirements in December 2022 but formally withdrew them in June 2025. Any such new laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business and one of our primary sources of revenue. We might need additional capital to provide liquidity and support business growth and objectives, and this capital might not be available to us on reasonable terms, if at all, might result in stockholder dilution, or might be delayed or prohibited by applicable regulations. Maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our securities brokerage, cryptocurrency and money services business operations, including key functions such as transaction settlement, custody requirements, and margin lending. The SEC and FINRA also have stringent rules with respect to the maintenance of specific levels of net capital by securities broker-dealers. We meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital and cash generated by customer activity, as well as from external debt and equity financing. Despite these resources, increases in the number of customers, and fluctuations in customer cash or deposit balances, as well as market conditions or changes in regulatory treatment of customer deposits, could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs. We might be adversely affected by regulatory changes related to our obligations with regard to capital maintenance requirements. For example, in December 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to the broker-dealer customer protection rule (SEC Rule 15c3-3) to require certain broker-dealers to compute their customer and broker-dealer reserve deposit requirements, and to make any required deposits, daily rather than weekly. These amendments, which require broker-dealer compliance by June 2026, will increase the operational complexity and burden related to such calculations and funding. Additionally, there is no definitive guidance on whether or how these rules may apply to most cryptocurrencies, and we might be adversely affected in the future if the SEC determines that they do. In addition, our clearing and carrying broker-dealer is subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements under the rules of the clearinghouses in which it participates (including DTC, NSCC, and OCC), which requirements fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and volume of customers trading activity and volatility in the market or individual securities. If we fail to meet any such deposit requirements, our ability to settle trades through the clearinghouse may be suspended or we might be forced to restrict trading in certain stocks in order to limit clearinghouse deposit requirements. For example, from January 28 to February 5, 2021, due to increased deposit requirements imposed on our clearing and carrying broker-dealer by NSCC in response to unprecedented market volatility, particularly in certain securities, we implemented the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions. This resulted in negative media attention, customer dissatisfaction, reputational harm, litigation, and regulatory and U.S. Congressional inquiries and investigations, as well as capital raising by us in order to lift the trading restrictions while remaining in compliance with our net capital and deposit requirements. We face a risk that similar events could occur in the future and, if we are unable to satisfy our deposit requirements, the clearinghouse may cease to act for us and may liquidate our unsettled clearing portfolio. We also need to hold capital and make deposits with respect to certain event contracts in accordance with applicable CFTC regulations and ForecastEx, LLC, Kalshi Klear LLC, and KalshiEx LLC s Rulebooks for RHD. Further, RHEU and Bitstamp Europe S.A., are licensed crypto asset service providers under the EU s MiCA, the provisions of which went into effect as of December 30, 2024. Among other requirements, 38 Table of Contents RHEU and Bitstamp Europe S.A. are subject to mandatory capital requirements that vary based on the services we provide. Failure to meet these capital requirements or any future increases to these requirements could limit our ability to obtain or maintain authorization, constrain operational flexibility, or result in penalties or sanctions. A reduction in our liquidity position could reduce our customers confidence in us, which could result in the withdrawal of customer assets and loss of customers, or could cause us to fail to satisfy broker-dealer or other regulatory capital guidelines, which may result in immediate suspension of securities activities, regulatory prohibitions against certain business practices, increased regulatory inquiries and reporting requirements, increased costs, fines, penalties or other sanctions, including suspension or expulsion by the SEC, FINRA or other SROs or state regulators, and could ultimately lead to the liquidation of our broker-dealers or other regulated entities. Factors which might adversely affect our liquidity positions include temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between brokerage transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances, timing differences between cryptocurrency transaction settlements between us and our cryptocurrency Liquidity Providers and between us and our cryptocurrency customers, fluctuations in cash held in customer accounts, a significant increase in our margin lending activities, increased regulatory capital requirements, changes in regulatory guidance or interpretations, other regulatory changes, or a loss of market or customer confidence resulting in unanticipated and/or excessive withdrawals or redemptions, or a suspension of redemptions or withdrawals of customer assets. For example, in May 2025, the UK s FCA published three papers which announced new proposals for certain aspects of the prudential requirements for crypto firms. These proposals are largely modelled on the requirements for investment firms and, if adopted, would, among other requirements, require authorized crypto asset firms to hold a required minimum amount of regulatory capital. In particular, any increase in capital or liquidity requirements under the proposed FCA regime could reduce available liquidity and constrain flexibility in Bitstamp s operations. If adopted, these regulations could also limit our ability to obtain or maintain authorization, constrain operational flexibility, affect our ability to raise capital or result in penalties or sanctions. We might also need additional capital to continue to support our business and any future growth and to respond to competitive challenges, including the need to promote our products and services, develop new products and services, enhance our existing products, services and operating infrastructure, acquire and invest in complementary businesses and technologies, and to fund payments on our obligations at the parent company level, such as the income tax withholding and remittance obligations that arise upon the vesting and/or settlement of our outstanding RSUs, and any debt obligations we might incur. To meet liquidity needs at the parent level, we might need to rely on dividends, distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries. Regulatory and other legal restrictions might limit our ability to transfer funds to or from some subsidiaries. For example, under FINRA rules applicable to RHS, a dividend of over 10% of a member firm s excess net capital must not be paid without FINRA s prior written approval. When available cash is not sufficient, we might seek to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. However, such additional funding might not be available on terms attractive to us, or at all, and our inability to obtain additional funding when needed could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and the new shares could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of our current stockholders. Any debt financing could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which might make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue future business opportunities. Unfavorable media coverage and other events that harm our brand and reputation have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our revenue and the size, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base. Our brand and our reputation are two of our most important assets. Our ability to attract, build trust with, engage, and retain existing and new customers might be adversely affected by events that harm our brand and reputation, such as public complaints and unfavorable media coverage about us, our platforms, and our customers, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents. 39 Table of Contents We receive a high volume of media coverage, which has included, and might continue to include, negative coverage regarding our products and services and the risk of our customers misuse or misunderstanding of our products and services, inappropriate or otherwise unauthorized behavior by our customers and litigation or regulatory activity. In addition, given our public profile, any unanticipated system disruptions, outages, technical or security-related incidents, or other performance problems relating to our platforms have in the past and are likely in the future to receive extensive media attention. Furthermore, any negative experiences our customers have in connection with their use of our products and services, including as a result of any such performance problems, have in the past, and may in the future diminish customer confidence in us and our products and services, which have in the past, and may in the future result in unfavorable media coverage or publicity. Damage to our brand and reputation could also be caused by: cybersecurity attacks, privacy or data security breaches, or other security incidents, payment disruptions or other incidents that impact the reliability of our platforms; actual or alleged illegal, negligent, reckless, fraudulent or otherwise inappropriate behavior by our management team, our other employees or contractors, our customers or third-party service providers or partners as well as complaints or negative publicity about such individuals or companies; future restructurings or any similar such reductions or activities in the future; any repeat imposition of temporary trading restrictions (similar to our Early 2021 Trading Restrictions), or any outright failure to meet our deposit requirements; litigation, regulatory actions, settlements, or investigations involving our platforms or our business; regulators requesting or requiring us to cease offering specific products or services; any failures to comply with legal, tax and regulatory requirements; any perceived or actual weakness in our financial strength or liquidity; any regulatory action or settlement that results in changes to, or prohibits us from offering, certain features, products or services; any new policies, features, products, or services, or changes to our policies, features, products, or services, that customers or others perceive as overly restrictive, unclear, inconsistent with our values or mission, or not clearly articulated; a failure to operate our business in a way that is consistent with our values and mission; inadequate or unsatisfactory customer support experiences; negative responses by customers, regulators, or other third parties to our business model or to particular features, products or services; a failure to adapt to new or changing customer preferences; our decision to offer products viewed by some as controversial; our inability to successfully expand into new markets or make successful acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, products or technologies; 40 Table of Contents a prolonged weakness in popular equities or cryptocurrencies specifically or in U.S. or international equity and cryptocurrency markets generally, or a sustained downturn in the U.S. or international economies; negative claims or publicity involving our culture or businesses, regardless of whether such claims are accurate; and any of the foregoing with respect to our competitors, to the extent the resulting negative perception affects the public s perception of us or our industry as a whole. These and other events could negatively impact the willingness of our existing customers, and potential new customers, to do business with us, which could adversely affect our trading volumes and number of Funded Customers, as well as our ability to recruit and retain personnel, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as the trading price of our Class A common stock. We could incur substantial losses from our cash and investment accounts if one or more of the financial institutions that we use fails or is taken over by the FDIC. We maintain cash and investment accounts, as well as restricted cash as certificates of deposits for facility leases and other contractual obligations, at multiple financial institutions in amounts that are significantly in excess of the limits insured by the FDIC. In spring 2023, certain U.S. banks failed and were taken over by the FDIC (the 2023 Banking Events ). If any of the financial institutions where we hold significant deposits were to fail or be taken over by the FDIC, our ability to access such accounts has in the past and could be in the future temporarily or permanently limited, which could adversely affect our business. In particular, while we have taken steps to help ensure that the loss of all or a significant portion of any uninsured amount would not have an adverse effect on our ability to pay our operational expenses or make other payments, the failure of a financial institution where we hold significant deposits has in the past and may in the future require us to move funds to another bank, which could cause a temporary delay in making payments to our vendors and employees, or under other contractual arrangements, and cause other operational inconveniences. Additionally, any losses or delay in access to funds as a result of such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet contractual obligations, earnings, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. Our business has been and might continue to be harmed by changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact global financial markets, or by a systemic market event. As we are a financial services company, our business, results of operations, and reputation are directly and indirectly affected by elements beyond our control, such as financial market volatility (such as we previously experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic or have experienced and may experience in the future due to trade policy shifts and the imposition or escalation of tariffs implemented by the U.S. and other countries or blocs, including China, Canada, and the EU, and those countries or blocs responses to such shifts and tariffs), economic and political conditions including unemployment rates, inflation, tax and interest rates, geopolitical conflicts, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and ongoing events in the Middle East, significant increases in the volatility or trading volume of particular securities, cryptocurrencies, or Futures (such as we experienced during the meme stock events of early 2021 and the Dogecoin surge of mid-2021), broad trends in business and finance, actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by third-party financial institutions or transactional counterparties (such as the 2023 Banking Events), changes in volume of securities, cryptocurrencies, or Futures trading generally and changes in the markets in which such transactions occur, and changes in how such transactions are processed. These elements can arise suddenly, and the full impact of such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business results or remain uncertain indefinitely. Because a large percentage of our customers are first time investors, we might be disproportionately affected by declines in investor confidence caused by adverse economic conditions. A prolonged market weakness, such as a slowdown causing reduced trading volume in securities, derivatives, or cryptocurrency markets, has resulted, and could result in the future in reduced revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Conversely, significant upturns in such markets or 41 Table of Contents conditions might cause individuals to be less proactive in seeking ways to improve the returns on their trading or investment decisions and, thus, decrease the demand for our products and services. Additionally, concerns regarding the U.S. and/or international financial systems, such as in connection with the 2023 Banking Events, could result in less favorable commercial financing terms available to us, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on our access to credit and liquidity sources. Any of these changes could cause our future performance to be uncertain or unpredictable, and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract and retain senior management and other highly skilled personnel. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to identify, attract, develop, integrate and retain qualified and highly skilled personnel. In particular, our CEO, Vladimir Tenev, has been critical to the development and execution of our business, vision, and strategic direction. In addition, we have heavily relied, and expect we will continue to heavily rely, on the services and performance of our senior management team, which provides leadership, contributes to the core areas of our business and helps us to efficiently execute our business. Although we have entered into employment offer letters with some of our key personnel, most of these agreements have no specific duration and are terminable by either party at-will and our senior management team has experienced recent changes. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our employees. We also might not be successful in attracting, integrating or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. In particular, there continues to be particularly high competition in the San Francisco Bay Area for software engineers, computer scientists and other technical personnel. This competition is likely to increase further due to ongoing changes in U.S. immigration policies and enforcement practices, particularly given the foreign national employee population from which we and other companies hire for these positions, and is likely to present increased challenges to attracting, integrating or retaining qualified personnel. Given our heavy emphasis on SBC, the performance of our stock price has in the past had, and could continue to have, a significant impact on our ability to recruit, retain, and motivate highly skilled personnel. Additionally, our working model may negatively impact our ability to retain and recruit highly skilled personnel, especially to the extent other companies continue to allow more flexible remote working models. Attrition and workforce reorganizations and reductions have also and might continue to adversely affect our reputation among job seekers, demoralize our remaining employees, and result in a loss of institutional know-how, reduced productivity, slower customer service response, reduced effectiveness of internal compliance and risk-mitigation programs, and cancellations of or delays in completing new product developments and other strategic projects. For example, in the periods immediately following our past restructurings, we experienced higher rates of voluntary employee attrition and declines in reported employee job satisfaction. We might continue to experience difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. We believe that a critical component of our efforts to attract and retain employees has been our corporate culture of innovation. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. As we continue to expand internationally, we will face new challenges to maintain our corporate culture of innovation among a larger number of geographically dispersed and remote employees, as well as other service providers. Failure to preserve our company culture could harm our ability to retain and recruit personnel. If we are unable to attract, integrate, retain, or effectively replace our key employees and qualified and highly skilled personnel, our ability to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives will decline, and our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. Acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, products or technologies have in the past and could in the future require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our results of operations. 42 Table of Contents As part of our business strategy, we have made and might continue to make acquisitions of, or investments in, other compatible companies, products, technologies, or specialized employees. We also have entered into and might continue to enter into relationships with other businesses in order to expand our products and services. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult, and expensive. Our ability to close these transactions has been and might in the future be subject to third-party approvals and customary closing conditions, such as governmental and other regulatory approvals, some of which are beyond our control, and may take longer than expected to be obtained, if at all. If pending transactions are not completed, we have in the past and could in the future be subject to losses from legal fees and other expenses as well as impairment charges. In general, our efforts to grow through acquisitions are subject to the risks that we might be unable to find suitable acquisition or investment candidates or to complete acquisitions on favorable terms or in a timely manner, if at all. Moreover, these kinds of acquisitions or investments can result in unforeseen risks, operating difficulties and expenditures prior to and following closing, including disrupting our ongoing operations, diverting management from their primary responsibilities, subjecting us to additional liabilities, compliance obligations and/or regulatory costs and penalties, exposing us to increased regulatory risk in connection with acquired companies, increasing our expenses, and adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. In connection with such acquisitions, we have encountered and may encounter in the future challenges in successfully integrating the acquired personnel, operations, products, and technologies, including in connection with our recent acquisitions of TradePMR and Bitstamp, and have and may have in the future difficulty effectively managing the combined business following such acquisitions. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment might not be realized, the acquisition or investment might not perform in accordance with expectations, and we might be exposed to unknown liabilities or risks. In connection with these types of transactions, we might issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders, use cash that we might need in the future to operate our business, incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay, incur large charges or substantial liabilities, encounter difficulties integrating diverse business cultures, and become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, or deferred compensation charges. Rothera, owned and operated as a joint venture with SIG, operates a futures and derivatives exchange and clearinghouse through its subsidiary, Rothera E C. We do not wholly own or operationally control Rothera and its subsidiaries, and actions taken by Rothera and its subsidiaries could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. On November 19, 2025, Robinhood invested in Rothera, a joint venture established to operate an independent and institutional-grade futures and derivatives exchange and clearinghouse. On January 20, 2026, Rothera acquired 90% of the issued and outstanding equity of Rothera E C, a CFTC-licensed DCM, DCO, and SEF to accelerate delivery of futures and derivative product offerings, including prediction markets. Rothera is an independent entity with its own management team and employees responsible for the day-to-day operations of the joint venture. While Robinhood is entitled to designate a majority of the members of the board of directors of Rothera and one representative to serve on the board of directors of Rothera E C, and expects to exercise governance control at Rothera s board level and as otherwise set forth in Rothera s governance documents, we will not have decision-making authority over all operational, strategic, or commercial decisions made by Rothera or any of its subsidiaries, and certain decisions may be subject to applicable regulatory requirements or require the consent of SIG and other holders of the equity of Rothera and its subsidiaries, any of whom may have economic or other business interests that are inconsistent with ours. Although we do not own a majority of Rothera s equity interests and Rothera s day-to-day operations are conducted by its management team, we designate the majority of the members of its board of directors which exercises governance control over Rothera, and thus consolidate the financial results of 43 Table of Contents Rothera and its subsidiaries into our consolidated financial statements. As a result, any failure by Rothera or its subsidiaries to operate effectively, comply with applicable laws or regulations, maintain adequate internal controls, manage liquidity or capital requirements, or successfully execute their business strategy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. We currently operate in certain international markets and plan to further expand our international operations, which exposes us to significant new risks, and our international expansion efforts might not succeed. We currently only offer select services to the public outside the U.S. in certain jurisdictions, including brokerage and futures services in the U.K. through RHUK, crypto and brokerage services in the EU, through RHEU, and our Robinhood Wallet, which is available in over 150 countries and offered through our Cayman Islands subsidiary, Robinhood Non-Custodial Ltd. In addition, Bitstamp, which we acquired in June 2025 and expect to help accelerate our international growth, currently has entities operating internationally in the U.K., EU, Singapore, and the British Virgin Islands, and also offers services in other countries globally. We intend to continue expanding our operations outside of the U.S. International expansion requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to additional regulatory, economic, operational, and political risks on top of those we already face in the U.S. There are significant risks and costs inherent in establishing and doing business in international markets, including: difficulty establishing and managing international entities, offices, and/or operations and the increased operations, travel, infrastructure, and legal and compliance costs associated with operations, entities, and/or people in different countries or regions; the need to understand, interpret and comply with local laws, regulations and customs in multiple jurisdictions, including laws and regulations governing cryptocurrency-related, credit, payments services, derivatives, broker-dealer, money transmitter, or regulated entity practices, some of which do or might require permissions, registrations, authorizations, licenses or consents, or are or might be different from, or conflict with, those of other jurisdictions or foreign cybersecurity, data privacy or labor and employment laws; the additional complexities of any merger or acquisition activity internationally, which could subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, approvals, obligations, costs and penalties or risk; the need to adapt, localize, and position our products for specific countries (also known as product-market fit ); increased exposure to foreign fraud vectors; increased competition from local providers of similar products and services; challenges of obtaining, maintaining, protecting, defending and enforcing intellectual property rights abroad, including the challenge of extending or obtaining third-party intellectual property rights to use various technologies in new countries; the need to offer customer support and other aspects of our offering (including websites, articles, blog posts, and customer support documentation) in various languages or locations; compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA and equivalent AML and sanctions rules and requirements in local markets, by us, our employees, and our business partners; the need to recruit and manage staff in new countries and regions to support international operations, and comply with employment law, tax, payroll, and benefits requirements in multiple countries; 44 Table of Contents the need to enter into new business partnerships with third-party service providers in order to provide products and services in the local market, or to meet regulatory obligations; varying levels of internet technology adoption and infrastructure, and increased or varying network and hosting service provider costs and differences in technology service delivery in different countries; fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, and tariffs and trade policy shifts could limit our ability to operate efficiently across or within borders, and the requirements of currency control regulations, which might restrict or prohibit conversion of other currencies into U.S. dollars; double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to requirements of or changes in the income and other tax laws of the U.S. or the international jurisdictions in which we operate; and political or social change or unrest or economic instability in a specific country or region in which we operate. We have limited experience with international legal and regulatory environments and market practices, and we might not be able to enter, penetrate or successfully operate in the markets we choose. In addition, we might incur significant expenses as a result of our international expansion, and we might not be successful, which could lead to substantial losses. We are exposed to funding transaction losses due to reversals or insufficient funds. Some of our products and services are paid for by electronic transfer from customers bank accounts which exposes us to risks associated with reversals and insufficient funds. Unwinding of funds transfers due to reversals, and insufficient funds could arise from fraud, misuse, unintentional use, settlement delay, or other activities. Also, criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities, such as counterfeiting and fraud. If we are unable to collect and retain such amounts from the customer, or if the customer refuses or is unable, due to bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us, we bear the loss for the amount of the chargeback, refund, or return. While we have policies and procedures designed to manage and mitigate these risks, we cannot be certain that such processes will be effective. Our failure to limit returns, including as a result of fraudulent transactions, could lead payment networks or our banking partners to require us to increase reserves, impose penalties on us, charge additional or higher fees, or terminate their relationships with us. These risks may be amplified as we continue to expand our operations internationally and increase our exposure to foreign fraud vectors. Our working model, which allows a subset of our employees to work remotely, subjects us to heightened operational risks. We currently have a large segment of employees who work remotely and are not required to come into the office on a daily basis. Allowing employees to work remotely subjects us to heightened operational risks. For example, technologies in our employees homes might not be as robust or effective as in our offices and could lead to lower productivity and/or increased vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks or other privacy or data security incidents. There is no guarantee that the data security and privacy safeguards we have put in place will be completely effective or that we will not encounter risks associated with employees accessing company data and systems remotely. Additionally, in June 2024 FINRA s new Residential Supervisory Location Designation Rule became effective, under which the homes of certain of our employees who work remotely could be treated as residential supervisory locations subject to inspections on a regular periodic schedule, which in turn has required certain operational changes and compliance adjustments. Non-compliance with the Residential Supervisory Location Designation Rule could subject us to fines, penalties or enforcement actions. We also face 45 Table of Contents challenges due to the need to operate with a dispersed and remote workforce, as well as increased costs related to business continuity initiatives. Allowing for remote work has in the past made and may continue to make it more difficult for us to preserve our corporate culture of innovation and our employees might have decreased opportunities to collaborate in meaningful ways. Further, we cannot guarantee that requiring a subset of employees to work in-office, or allowing certain employees to continue to work remotely, will not have a negative impact on employee morale or productivity. Any failure to overcome the challenges presented by our working model could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel, innovate and operate effectively, maintain product development velocity, and execute on our business strategy. Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation Our business is subject to extensive, complex and changing laws and regulations, and related regulatory proceedings and investigations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, could harm our business. We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the U.S., the U.K., the EU, the United Arab Emirates, Singapore, the British Virgin Islands, and in other countries and regions in which we operate. These laws, regulations, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business, and include, or might in the future include, those relating to all aspects of financial services, the securities and futures markets, investment advisory, investment companies, money transmission, the origination, marketing, servicing, and collection of consumer debt, foreign exchange, payments services and products (such as payment processing, settlement services, and credit cards), cryptocurrency (including crypto-asset perpetuals), derivatives, trading in shares and fractional shares, fraud detection, consumer protection, AML, escheatment, sanctions regimes and export controls, data privacy, data protection, data security, as well as climate risk and environmental impact, including with respect to disclosure of GHG emissions and other metrics related to climate change. The substantial costs and uncertainties related to complying with these laws and regulations continue to increase, and our introduction of new products or services, expansion of our business into new jurisdictions or subindustries, acquisitions of other businesses that operate in similar regulated spaces, or other actions that we may take might subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government or regulatory scrutiny. For example, after announcing in March 2024 the launch of the Robinhood Gold Card, which is offered through Robinhood Credit exclusively to Robinhood Gold Subscribers and provides rewards via the Robinhood Gold Credit Card Rewards Program, we received requests for information from the MSD related to the Robinhood Gold subscription service and the Robinhood Gold Card. Regulations are intended to ensure the integrity of financial markets, to maintain appropriate capitalization of broker-dealers and other financial services companies, and to protect customers and their assets. These regulations could limit our business activities through capital, customer protection, and market conduct requirements, as well as restrictions on the activities that we are authorized to conduct. We operate in highly regulated industries and, despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, like all companies in our industries, we must adapt to frequent changes in laws and regulations, and face complexity in interpreting and applying evolving laws and regulations to our business, heightened scrutiny of the conduct of financial services firms and increasing penalties for violations of applicable laws and regulations. We might fail to establish and enforce procedures that comply with applicable legal requirements and regulations. We might be adversely affected by new laws or regulations, changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, or more rigorous enforcement. Furthermore, the U.S. Congress continues to consider potential legislation relating to digital assets and cryptocurrencies. For example, on July 17, 2025, the House of Representatives passed the CLARITY Act, which seeks to provide for a system of regulation of the offer and sale of digital assets by the SEC and CFTC and establish a provisional registration regime. The CLARITY Act is currently under consideration by the U.S. Senate, where the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs released preliminary discussion drafts on July 22, 2025, September 5, 2025, and January 12, 2026, of its proposed Digital Asset Market Clarity Act that builds upon the CLARITY Act. On January 29, 2026, the Senate 46 Table of Contents Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry voted in favor of advancing its proposed Digital Commodity Intermediaries Act, which likewise builds upon the CLARITY Act. Additionally, on July 18, 2025, the President signed into law the GENIUS Act, which establishes a federal regulatory framework for payment stablecoins and their issuers, as well as contemplates scope for state-only regulation. If the CLARITY Act or any of the related bills discussed above are enacted, or as the GENIUS Act is implemented, we could be required to make significant operational changes and incur increased compliance costs. Our ability to offer certain products may also be impacted by actions taken by government regulators. Regulators have requested and, in the future, could request or require us to cease offering specific products or services. Such regulatory actions have led, and in the future could lead, to the suspension or termination of product offerings, which have resulted, and may in the future result in increased compliance costs, financial losses and negative publicity. For example, after the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada denied our motion for a preliminary injunction on November 25, 2025, we agreed to cease offering new sports-related event contracts in Nevada as of December 1, 2025, and to take action to explore unwinding longer-duration open sports-related event contracts in Nevada. For additional information, refer to Note 15 - Commitments Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. Broker-Dealer, FCM, Investment Adviser, and Insurance Regulations As broker-dealers, our U.S. based subsidiaries RHF, RHS, and TradePMR are subject to extensive regulation by federal and state regulators and SROs and are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities industry. Similarly, our broker-dealer subsidiary in the U.K., RHUK, is subject to comprehensive regulation by the FCA, including the Consumer Duty which establishes standards requiring regulated firms to, among other things, deliver good outcomes for retail customers. This includes outcomes relating to products and services, price and value, consumer understanding, and consumer support. Our TradePMR insurance agency subsidiary is subject to regulation by state insurance regulators. Federal and state regulators (and, in the case of RHUK, the FCA), and SROs, including the SEC and FINRA, can, among other things, investigate, censure or fine us, issue cease-and-desist orders or otherwise restrict our operations, require changes to our business practices, products or services, limit our acquisition activities or suspend or expel a broker-dealer or any of its officers or employees. We also might be adversely affected by other regulatory changes related to our obligations with regard to suitability of financial products, supervision, sales practices, application of fiduciary or best interest standards (including the interpretation of what constitutes an investment recommendation for the purposes of the SEC s Regulation Best Interest and state securities laws) and best execution in the context of our business and market structure, any of which could limit our business, increase our costs and damage our reputation. Our subsidiary RHD, which is registered with the CFTC as a FCM, is also subject to extensive regulation by federal and state regulators and SROs related to offering our customers Futures products. Rothera E C, a subsidiary of the Rothera joint venture, is also registered with the CFTC and operates as a regulated DCM, DCO and SEF and is similarly subject to extensive regulation. Similarly, state attorneys general and other state regulators, including state securities and financial services regulators, can bring legal actions on behalf of the citizens of their states to assure compliance with state laws. In addition, criminal authorities such as state attorneys general or the DOJ may institute civil or criminal proceedings against us for violating applicable laws, rules, or regulations. Our subsidiaries, RAM and RHV are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Advisers Act. The Advisers Act mandates a variety of requirements for RIAs, including fiduciary duties, record-keeping, operational protocols, and disclosure obligations. The Advisers Act grants regulatory bodies such as the SEC significant administrative authority to govern investment advisory firms. If the SEC or other government agencies determine that RAM or RHV have not complied with relevant laws or regulations, they can impose fines, suspend registrants and individual employees, or enact other sanctions, which may include revoking RAM s and RHV s registrations under the Advisers Act. Money-Transmitter Regulation As money transmitters, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulation, primarily at the state level. We are also subject to regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ). We have obtained or are in the process of obtaining licenses to operate as a money transmitter (or as another type of regulated financial services institution, as applicable) at the federal level and in the states where this is 47 Table of Contents required. As a licensed money transmitter, we are subject to obligations and restrictions with respect to the movement of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by state regulatory agencies concerning those aspects of our business considered money transmission. Evaluation of our compliance efforts, as well as the questions of whether and to what extent our products and services are considered money transmission, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. There are substantial costs and potential product and operational changes involved in maintaining and renewing these licenses, certifications, and approvals, and we could be subject to fines, other enforcement actions, and litigation if we are found to violate any of these requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to (or decide to) continue to apply for or obtain any such licenses, renewals, certifications, and approvals in any jurisdictions. In certain markets, we might rely on local banks or other partners to process payments and conduct foreign currency exchange transactions in local currency, and local regulators might use their authority over such local partners to prohibit, restrict, or limit us from doing business. The need to obtain or maintain these licenses, certifications, or other regulatory approvals could impose substantial additional costs, delay or preclude planned transactions, product launches or improvements, require significant and costly operational changes, impose restrictions, limitations, or additional requirements on our business, products, and services, or prevent us from providing our products or services in a given market. Certain Non-U.S. Regulations As investment firms and crypto-asset service providers, our subsidiaries RHEU, Bitstamp Europe S.A., Bitstamp Financial Services Ltd., Bitstamp Asia Pte. Ltd., and Bitstamp UK Limited are subject to extensive regulation by regulators in Lithuania, Luxembourg, Slovenia, Singapore, and the U.K., respectively. Specifically, our subsidiaries, RHEU and Bitstamp Europe S.A., are licensed crypto asset service providers under MiCA, the provisions of which went into effect as of December 30, 2024. Among other provisions, MiCA introduces a comprehensive authorization and compliance regime for crypto-asset service providers, including requirements related to governance, reserves, capital, asset safeguarding, segregation and security. In addition, our subsidiaries, RHEU and Bitstamp Financial Services Ltd., are licensed under MiFID to provide brokerage, multilateral trading facilities and/or investment advisory services. Compliance with MiFID imposes extensive regulatory requirements on our operations in the EU, including obligations related to client classification, product governance, transaction reporting, and best execution standards. As a result of holding both MiCA and MiFID licenses, we are subject to comprehensive regulation covering virtually all financial and crypto activities within the EU. This dual licensing framework subjects us to broad and evolving supervisory regimes governing traditional financial instruments, crypto-assets, client protections, disclosure obligations, and operational standards. As we continue to evaluate and align our licensing and supervisory frameworks in the EU, including assessing the optimal structure for our MiCA and MiFID entities, we will face periods of overlapping or evolving regulatory oversight, which could result in increased compliance costs, operational burdens, and extended approval timelines in connection with any changes. Certain of our subsidiaries, including Bitstamp Asia Pte. Ltd. and Bitstamp UK Limited, are registered or regulated in a number of other foreign jurisdictions and subject to oversight by the applicable regulators, including the MAS and the FCA. These regulatory frameworks generally impose ongoing compliance requirements related to customer due diligence, AML, transaction monitoring, reporting and governance. Maintaining and renewing any of these licenses, qualifications and approvals could impose substantial costs, delay or preclude planned expansions of business activities, require significant and costly operational changes, impose restrictions, limitation or additional requirements on our business, products and services, or prevent us from providing our products or services in any given market. In addition, we could be subject to fines, enforcement actions and litigation if we are found to violate any of the requirements of such licenses, qualifications and approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to (or decide to) continue to apply for or obtain any such licenses, renewals, qualifications and approvals in any jurisdictions. We have been subject to regulatory investigations, actions, and settlements and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a materially adverse manner. 48 Table of Contents From time to time, we have been and currently are subject, and, given the highly regulated nature of the industries in which we operate, we expect that we will be subject in the future, to a number of legal and regulatory examinations and investigations arising out of our business practices and operations, conducted by the DOJ, SEC, FINRA, the CFTC and the NFA or other SROs or federal agencies such as OFAC, FinCEN, the FDIC or CFPB, state regulatory agencies, such as the MSD, the CAGO, the NYDFS, and international regulatory agencies, such as the U.K. s FCA, Luxembourg s Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, Slovenia s Agencija za trg vrednostnih papirjev, the MAS, and the Bank of Lithuania, among other authorities. These examinations and investigations have in some instances in the past and might in the future lead to lawsuits, arbitration claims, and enforcement proceedings, as well as other actions and claims, that result in injunctions, fines, penalties, and monetary settlements. For example: In connection with the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions, we and our employees, including our CEO, Vladimir Tenev, have received requests for information, and in some cases, subpoenas and requests for testimony from the USAO, the DOJ, Antitrust Division, the SEC Staff, FINRA, the New York Attorney General s Office, other state attorneys general offices, and a number of state securities regulators. Also, a related search warrant was executed by the USAO to obtain Mr. Tenev s cell phone. We received inquiries from the SEC s Division of Examinations and Division of Enforcement and FINRA related to employee trading during the week of January 25, 2021 in some of the securities that were subject to the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions, including GameStop Corp. and AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc., and specifically as to whether any employee trading in these securities may have occurred after the decision to impose the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions and before the public announcement of the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions on January 28, 2021. On January 10, 2025, SEC Enforcement advised us in writing that it had closed its investigation into the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions and any contemporaneous employee trading issues. On March 6, 2025, we resolved FINRA s investigations into the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions and employee trading issues. In January 2024, we settled a matter with the MSD related to supervision of certain product features and marketing strategies, the service outages on our U.S. stock trading platform on March 2-3, 2020 and March 9, 2020 (the March 2020 Outages ), and our options trading approval process, as well as the November 2021 Data Security Incident, under which we paid a $7.5 million fine and engaged an independent consultant to review, among other things, implementation of the FINRA independent consultant s recommendations, policies and procedures regarding certain application features, and cybersecurity measures. In August 2024, we settled a matter with the CAGO related to, among other things, certain disclosures by RHC and delivery of customers cryptocurrency assets under California Corporations Code Sections 29520 and 29505 during the period January 2018 through April 2022. We paid a monetary penalty of $3.9 million. In January 2025, we settled multiple matters with the SEC (including investigations into Regulation SHO, the timeliness of our broker-dealers SAR filings, EBS submissions, various brokerage recordkeeping issues, the November 2021 Data Security Incident, and Regulation S-ID violations) in which RHF and RHS paid penalties totaling $45 million, and agreed to certain undertakings (together, the January 2025 SEC Settlement ). In March 2025, we settled multiple matters with FINRA (including investigations into RHF s historical practice of collaring market orders, CIP, use of certain social media influencers, delivery of certain regulatory required documents to customers, and origin code designations for professional customers; RHS s supervision of its clearing system technology, improper rejection of certain ACATS requests, improper effectuation of trades in securities during trading halts, execution of trades during extraordinary market volatility at prices that were above or below specified price bands, and the maintenance and reporting of inaccurate or incomplete trade, order, and position data to FINRA, FINRA TRF, CAT, Central Repository, and the OCC; and both broker-dealers AML programs, registration of required personnel, and supervision of trading in associated persons brokerage accounts) (together, the March 2025 FINRA Settlement ). RHF 49 Table of Contents and RHS paid a penalty totaling $26 million, and agreed to pay restitution of approximately $3.76 million to customers plus interest and certain undertakings. These and other proceedings, some of which are described in Note 15 - Commitments Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report, have in the past and might in the future relate to broker-dealer, derivatives, investment adviser, credit card, cryptocurrency, and financial services rules and regulations, including our trading and supervisory policies and procedures, our clearing and routing practices, our trade reporting, our public communications, our compliance with FINRA registration requirements, AML and other financial crimes regulations, cybersecurity matters, a particular cryptocurrency s status as a security, and our licensing status, among other topics. These sorts of proceedings, inquiries, examinations, investigations, and other regulatory matters have in the past and might in the future subject us to fines, penalties, and monetary settlements, harm our reputation and brand, require substantial management attention, result in additional compliance requirements, result in certain of our subsidiaries losing or being unable to obtain their regulatory licenses or losing their ability to conduct business in some jurisdictions (which could, among other things, result in statutory disqualification by FINRA and the SEC), increase regulatory scrutiny of our business, restrict our operations or require us to change our business practices, require changes to our products and services, require changes in personnel or management, delay planned product or service launches or development, limit our ability to acquire other complementary businesses and technologies, or lead to the suspension or expulsion of our other regulated subsidiaries or their officers or employees. In connection with litigation settlements, we have in the past and might in the future be required to make expenditures to enhance our compliance activities. For example, in connection with the August 2022 NYDFS settlement, we engaged an independent consultant to perform a comprehensive evaluation of our compliance program and remediation efforts with respect to identified deficiencies and violations. The independent consultant completed its evaluation and made recommendations to implement enhancements in certain areas identified in the settlement, which required significant effort to implement. Additionally, while we offer select services and products in certain countries outside the U.S., we are not currently licensed, authorized, or registered in every jurisdiction (and in some cases are not licensed in every state). Under the terms of our customer agreements, we currently offer services only to citizens and permanent residents with a legal address within those jurisdictions where we are authorized and registered, and our application includes features designed to block access to our services from unauthorized jurisdictions. However, to the extent a customer accesses our application or services outside of jurisdictions where we have obtained required governmental licenses and authorization, we face a risk of becoming subject to regulations in that local jurisdiction. A regulator s investigation as to whether, or conclusion that we are servicing customers in its jurisdiction without being appropriately licensed, registered, or authorized has in the past and could in the future result in fines or other enforcement actions or settlements. For example, in December 2024, we were required to pay fines and entered into consent orders with the Nebraska Department of Banking and Finance and the Massachusetts Division of Banks in connection with prior unlicensed activity. Previous statements by lawmakers, regulators and other public officials have signaled an increased focus on new or additional regulations that could impact our business and require us to make significant changes to our business model and practices. Various lawmakers, regulators and other public officials have previously made statements about our business and that of other broker-dealers signaling an increased focus on new or additional laws or regulations that, if acted upon, could impact our business. For instance, the former SEC Chair previously indicated that he had instructed the SEC Staff to study, and in some cases make rulemaking recommendations to the SEC, relating to, or had otherwise discussed the following, among other topics: PFOF, digital engagement practices, and whether broker-dealers are adequately disclosing their policies and procedures around potential trading restrictions; whether margin requirements and other payment requirements are sufficient; whether broker-dealers have appropriate tools to manage their liquidity and risk; conflicts that can arise from the use of predictive analytics, in particular conflicts that may arise to the extent advisors or brokers are optimizing their own interests as well as others; the use of mobile app features such as rewards, bonuses, push notifications and other prompts and that such prompts could 50 Table of Contents promote behavior that is not in the interest of the customer, such as excessive trading, and whether expanded enforcement mechanisms are necessary; and digital engagement practices. Although the SEC, under the current administration, withdrew certain notices of proposed rulemaking that were issued under the former SEC Chair, if the SEC enacts similar rules in the future, whether in this current or future administration, such rules could impose additional regulatory requirements on our business and operations and could require us to make significant changes to our business model and practices. Additionally, from time to time, we have received requests from regulators, including from the SEC, regarding our collection and uses of customer data and related disclosures. In addition, in 2022, FINRA issued a regulatory notice requesting comment on complex products and options including whether the current regulatory framework is appropriately tailored to address current concerns raised by complex products and options. If FINRA amends its rules to impose additional requirements on firms with respect to determining customer eligibility and/or suitability to trade options, such rule changes could result in fewer Robinhood customers being approved to trade options which could negatively impact our options trading volumes and associated revenues. Also, in September 2021, FINRA announced that it is reviewing firms use of social media marketing, including social media inf