=== HOOD_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information included in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently see as immaterial might also adversely affect our business. Some statements in this Annual Report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those described at length in the Risk Factors section below. We consider the following to be our most material risks: • We might not grow in line with historical rates. • We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which subjects us to a number of uncertainties, risks, and difficulties that could adversely affect our business. • Our results of operations and other operating metrics fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes these metrics difficult to predict. • Factors that affect transaction-based revenue - such as reduced spreads in securities pricing, reduced levels of trading activity generally, changes in our business relationships with or disruption in the services provided by Liquidity Providers (as defined below), and any new regulation of, or any bans on, PFOF and similar practices - might result in reduced profitability, increased compliance costs, and negative publicity. • We are directly and indirectly exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, and rapidly changing interest rate environments have in the past and could in the future reduce our net interest revenues and otherwise result in reduced profitability. • As registered broker-dealers, we are subject to “best execution” requirements under SEC guidelines and FINRA rules. We could be penalized if we fail to comply with these requirements and these requirements might be modified in the future in a way that could harm our business. • Unfavorable media coverage and other events that harm our brand and reputation have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our revenue and the size, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base. • Our business has been and might continue to be harmed by changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact global financial markets, or by a systemic market event. 30 Table of Contents • Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract and retain senior management and other highly skilled personnel. • Rothera, owned and operated as a joint venture with SIG, operates a futures and derivatives exchange and clearinghouse through its subsidiary, Rothera E&C. We do not wholly own or operationally control Rothera and its subsidiaries, and actions taken by Rothera and its subsidiaries could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. • We currently operate in certain international markets and plan to further expand our international operations, which exposes us to significant new risks, and our international expansion efforts might not succeed. • Our business is subject to extensive, complex and changing laws and regulations, and related regulatory proceedings and investigations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, could harm our business. • We have been subject to regulatory investigations, actions, and settlements and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a materially adverse manner. • We are involved in numerous litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could expose us to significant liability and reputational harm. • Our ability to offer event contracts is subject to the outcome of currently ongoing and potential future regulatory enforcement actions and litigation, as well as potential changes in federal or state law, that could immediately or subsequently prevent us from offering, or continuing to offer, event contracts. • We operate in highly competitive markets, and many of our competitors have greater resources than we do and may have products and services that are more appealing than ours to our current or potential customers. • If we fail to retain existing customers or attract new customers, or if our customers decrease their use of our products and services, our revenue will decline. • If we fail to provide and monetize new and innovative products and services that are adopted by customers, our business may become less competitive and our revenue might decline. • We rely on third parties to perform some key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • We continue to incorporate AI technologies into some of our products and processes. These technologies may present business, compliance, and reputational risks. • Our business could be materially and adversely affected by a cybersecurity breach or other attack involving our computer systems or data or those of our customers or third-party or fourth-party service providers. • If we do not maintain the net capital levels required by regulators, our broker-dealer business may be restricted, and we may be fined or subject to other disciplinary or corrective actions. • Our compliance and risk management policies and procedures as a regulated financial services company might not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating compliance and risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. 31 Table of Contents • In the U.S., any particular cryptocurrency’s status as a “security” is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we have not properly characterized one or more cryptocurrencies, we might be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties. • If the SEC, a state regulator or a private litigant alleges that staking services we offer in the U.S. involve unregistered offers and sales of securities or unregistered securities broker-dealer activity in violation of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or applicable state laws or regulations, and the courts agree with such plaintiff, we may be required to cease our staking activities and may be subject to monetary and other penalties. • Cryptocurrency laws, regulations, and accounting standards are often difficult to interpret and are rapidly evolving in ways that are difficult to predict. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with them, could negatively impact cryptocurrency trading on our platforms. • Our introduction of Robinhood Stock Tokens in the EEA may expose us to significant regulatory, litigation, contractual, operational, and reputational risks. • The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our founders, which limits your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. In addition, the Founders’ Voting Agreement (as defined below) and any future issuances of our Class C common stock could prolong the duration of our founders’ voting control. Risks Related to Our Business We might not grow in line with historical rates. We have grown rapidly since our founding. However, the circumstances that accelerated the growth of our business in the past, including an extended period of general macroeconomic growth in the U.S., as well as growth in the financial services and technology industries, may not exist in the future. You should not rely on our revenue or key business metrics for any previous quarterly or annual period as any indication of our revenue, revenue growth, key business metrics or key business metrics growth in future periods. We might experience declines in the growth of our business (or negative growth) as a result of a number of factors, including slowing demand for our platforms, insufficient growth in the number of customers that utilize our platforms, declines in the level of usage of our platforms by existing customers, macroeconomic factors, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, including as a result of our inability to scale to meet such growth and economic conditions that have, in some instances, and could continue to reduce financial activity and the maturation of our business, among others. We also may not realize the intended benefits of acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, products or technologies intended to grow our business. Any failure to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, will negatively affect our growth. Our revenue growth rate has declined in the past and if our revenue growth rate were to decline in the future, investors’ perceptions of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which subjects us to a number of uncertainties, risks, and difficulties that could adversely affect our business. We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for, model, and manage potential future growth and risks. For example, we 32 Table of Contents have undertaken multiple restructurings, and in the past, have implemented significant workforce reductions and have scaled back hiring plans. These actions were driven by a general downturn in economic and market conditions. While these steps were taken to improve operational efficiency, there can be no assurance that further restructuring or workforce reductions will not be necessary in the future. As part of our ongoing efforts in the normal course of business, we also continuously evaluate whether we are appropriately staffed to be cost efficient. From time to time, we have reduced our staff in certain departments as we saw increased productivity and opportunities for greater efficiency under a leaner operating model while continuing to deliver great service and innovation for our customers. Such efforts to control costs have in the past resulted, and might in the future result in reduced productivity and deteriorating workforce morale, which can cause our business initiatives to suffer. However, as market conditions improve, we also face a risk that renewed business growth could strain our existing resources, or that we are not able to effectively scale up in response, and we could experience ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business across numerous jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing a dispersed employee base. We have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies in rapidly changing and heavily regulated industries, including challenges associated with achieving market acceptance of our products and services, attracting and retaining customers, and complying with laws and regulations (particularly those that are subject to evolving interpretations and application), as well as increased competition and the complexities of managing expenses as we expand our business. Additionally, as our business operations continue to expand, we have had and may continue to have difficulties meeting customer demand and expectations or face challenges with respect to new offerings or services we have not previously provided or have previously provided in a different capacity or smaller scale. For instance, as a result of our acquisition of Bitstamp in June 2025, we now provide additional cryptocurrency products and services to institutional customers both in parts of the U.S. and internationally, including products and services such as on-exchange lending, off-exchange settlement, post-trade settlement, and perpetual futures. These offerings to certain institutional clients expose us to risks we have not historically faced at scale, including credit risk, regulations and laws. We might fail to adequately address these and other challenges we may face, and our business might be adversely affected if we do not manage these risks successfully. Our results of operations and other operating metrics fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes these metrics difficult to predict. Our results of operations are heavily reliant on the level of trading activity on our platforms and Net Deposits. In the past, our results of operations and other operating metrics have fluctuated from quarter to quarter, including due to movements and trends in the underlying markets, changes in general economic conditions, interest in investing, and fluctuations in trading levels generally, each of which is outside our control and will continue to be outside of our control. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations might not be meaningful, and our past results of operations should not be relied on as indicators of future performance. Further, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties that are frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets. Our financial condition and results of operations in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, including the occurrence of any of the risks described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control. Factors contributing to quarterly fluctuations have included and could in the future include, among others: • our ability to retain and engage existing customers and attract new customers; • the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors, or other changes in the competitive landscape of our market; • volatility in the market, whether generally or as a result of certain or anticipated events (such as developments with respect to tariffs and trade policy shifts), or the occurrence of so-called “meme” trading in equities, options, cryptocurrencies, or futures (which includes options on 33 Table of Contents futures and swaps, including cleared swaps and event contracts (“Futures”)) which can cause our trading volumes to fluctuate; • fluctuations in interest rates; • increases in marketing, sales, compensation (for example, due to increased hiring competition for highly skilled personnel), cloud infrastructure, and other operating expenses that we might incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive; • the timing and amount of non-cash expenses, such as SBC and asset impairments; • the success of our expansion into new markets or acquisitions; • trading volume and the prevailing trading prices for cryptocurrencies, which can be highly volatile; • ceasing support for certain cryptocurrencies on our RHC platform that the SEC or a court has asserted or determined are securities or proactively removing certain cryptocurrencies because they share similarities with such cryptocurrencies; • changes in the public’s perception, adoption, and use of cryptocurrencies and other asset classes; • any inability of customers to place trades, due to system disruptions, outages, or trading restrictions; • any events that damage customer confidence in Robinhood, such as breaches of security or privacy; • the impacts of public health threats (including pandemics such as COVID-19), unemployment, and inflation; • changes in domestic or global business or macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of tariffs and trade policy shifts, geopolitical conflicts, banking instability, or responses to these events; and • changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued, and might significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period. Any of the factors above or listed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, or the cumulative effect of some of those factors, could result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. In most full year periods since our inception, we have incurred operating losses and might not be profitable in the future. We generated positive full year GAAP net income for the first time in 2024. However, in most full year periods since our inception, we have incurred operating losses. We might not be able to maintain or increase our revenue and/or maintain or further reduce our operating expenses by sufficient amounts to continue to generate positive GAAP net income on a quarterly or yearly basis in the future. Factors that affect transaction-based revenue - such as reduced spreads in securities pricing, reduced levels of trading activity generally, changes in our business relationships with or disruption in the services provided by Liquidity Providers, and any new regulation of, or any bans on, PFOF and similar practices - might result in reduced profitability, increased compliance costs, and negative publicity. 34 Table of Contents A large portion of our revenue is transaction-based, in that we receive consideration in exchange for routing our users’ equity, option, and cryptocurrency trade orders to market makers, wholesalers and other liquidity providers (together, the “Liquidity Providers”) for execution. With respect to equities and options trading, such fees are known as payment for order flow, or “PFOF.” With respect to cryptocurrency trading, currently we receive “Transaction Rebates.” Our transaction-based revenue is sensitive to and dependent on trading volumes and therefore tends to decline during periods in which we experience decreased levels of trading generally. Computer-generated buy/sell programs and other technological advances and regulatory changes in the marketplace might continue to tighten spreads on transactions, which could also lead to a decrease in our PFOF earned from Liquidity Providers. For example, the SEC adopted final rules in 2024 (the “September 2024 Final Rules”) to, among other things, adopt an additional minimum pricing increment, or “tick size,” for the quoting of certain NMS stocks under Rule 612 of Regulation NMS, reduce the access fee caps for protected quotations under Rule 610 of Regulation NMS and enhance the transparency of better priced orders. On September 30, 2025 and October 31, 2025, the SEC granted temporary exemptive relief from certain compliance dates adopted under the September 2024 Final Rules, including those relating to amended Rule 605 reporting, rules related to the requirement that exchange fees be determinable at the time of execution and the rules related to minimum pricing increments and access fee caps, which extended the effective dates to February, August, and November of 2026 respectively. The quote transparency rules will make the information about smaller-sized orders publicly available and result in the contraction of spreads across several securities, which we expect could lead to a decrease in the PFOF earned from such orders once the securities information processors (“SIPs”) begin dissemination of information incorporating the new round lot and odd-lot definitions (starting on May 1, 2026), followed by an August 1, 2026 compliance date for the Rule 605 execution quality report amendments. In addition, the regulatory and legislative landscape involving cryptocurrencies is subject to change and is experiencing rapid evolution, and future regulatory actions or policies, including for instance, the assertion of jurisdiction by domestic and foreign regulators and governments over cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency markets, could reduce demand for cryptocurrency trading and might materially decrease our revenue derived from Transaction Rebates in absolute terms and as a proportion of our total revenues. Risks Related to our Business Relationships with Liquidity Providers Our PFOF and Transaction Rebate arrangements with Liquidity Providers are a matter of practice and business understanding and are often not documented under binding contracts (as is generally the case with Liquidity Providers in equities and options). If any Liquidity Providers were unwilling to continue to receive orders from us or to pay us for those orders (including, for example, as a result of unusually high volatility), we might have little to no recourse and, if there are no other Liquidity Providers that are willing to receive such orders from us or to pay us for such orders, or if we are unable to find replacement Liquidity Providers in a timely manner, our transaction-based revenue would be negatively impacted. With respect to cryptocurrencies, for instance, fewer Liquidity Providers are currently able to execute cryptocurrency trades. For instance, in May 2023, two prominent Liquidity Providers announced their respective decisions to limit their offerings in cryptocurrency trading within the U.S. Although we have established relationships with third-party cryptocurrency exchanges that may provide additional access to Liquidity Providers that are able to execute cryptocurrency trades, without additional Liquidity Providers supporting cryptocurrencies entering the industry in the U.S., there is a risk that we may be unable to find suitable Liquidity Providers to support cryptocurrencies. Additionally, this risk is heightened for brokerage orders executed outside of regular market hours through Robinhood 24 Hour Market, as currently brokerage trades executed overnight primarily are routed through one Liquidity Provider - Virtu. If Virtu becomes unwilling or unable to do business with us in the future, we may be unable to find additional Liquidity Providers to support Robinhood 24 Hour Market, which could negatively impact our transaction-based revenue. Furthermore, if any of our Liquidity Providers decide to alter our given fee arrangement, our transaction-based revenue could significantly decrease. Additionally, disruptions in the services provided by Liquidity Providers, whether, for example, due to technical malfunctions, operational mishaps, financial instability of the Liquidity Providers, or external factors such as regulatory changes or market volatility, have in the past, and may in the future impair our ability to execute our client’s orders. Should a Liquidity Provider experience downtime or diminished performance, particularly during peak trading hours, our ability to execute customer orders could be 35 Table of Contents compromised and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to Regulation of PFOF In recent years, PFOF practices have drawn heightened scrutiny from the U.S. Congress, the SEC, state regulators, and other regulatory and legislative authorities. For example, in December 2020, we settled an SEC investigation into our best execution and PFOF practices and are defending a consolidated putative class action in federal district court relating to the same factual allegations. Additionally, since July 2023, we have been cooperating with an investigation being conducted by the New York Attorney General concerning brokerage execution quality. We also face the risk that the SEC, other regulatory authorities, or legislative bodies might adopt additional regulation or legislation relating to, or which may otherwise impact, PFOF practices as a result of such heightened scrutiny or otherwise. For instance, in March 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to enhance order execution disclosures under Rule 605 of Regulation NMS (the “Order Execution Disclosure Rules”), which will apply for the first time to RHF and RHS beginning in August 2026. Beginning in August 2026, the Order Execution Disclosure Rules will require brokers, including RHF and RHS, to make new, publicly available execution quality disclosures that will allow customers, regulators, academics, the press and others to compare execution quality between brokers. Execution quality of brokers may vary based on the trading characteristics of the broker’s customers, including, but not limited to, the average number of shares traded, the types of securities (e.g., large cap, small cap, more liquid or less liquid, average spread size, etc.), what types of orders customers submit (e.g., market or limit) and when customers place their trades (e.g., market open, during the regular session or market close). Depending on how our order execution quality compares to other brokers, we could be subject to negative press or critical academic studies that could result in regulatory scrutiny or civil actions which could harm our brand and reputation. Beginning in May 2026, as a result of the amended round lot and odd-lot definitions, the SIPs will begin making information about smaller-sized orders publicly available, which will result in the contraction of spreads across many securities, and we expect may lead to a decrease in the PFOF earned from such orders. Any new or heightened PFOF regulation, including the September 2024 Final Rules will result in increased compliance costs and otherwise could materially decrease our transaction-based revenue, might make it more difficult for us to expand our platforms in certain jurisdictions, and could require us to make significant changes to our revenue model, which changes might not be successful. Because some of our competitors either do not engage in PFOF or derive a lower percentage of their revenues from PFOF than we do, any legal or regulatory change that impacts PFOF could have an outsized impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, depending on the nature of any new requirements, heightened regulation could also increase our risk of potential regulatory violations and civil litigation, which could result in fines or other penalties, as well as negative publicity. Risks Related to Negative Publicity Associated with PFOF, Transaction Rebates or our Liquidity Providers Additionally, any negative publicity surrounding PFOF or Transaction Rebate practices generally, or our implementation of these practices, could harm our brand and reputation. For example, as a result of the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions (as defined in Note 15 - Commitments & Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report), we faced allegations that our decision to temporarily prevent our customers from purchasing specified securities was influenced by our relationship with certain market makers. Furthermore, as registered broker-dealers, market makers must comply with rules and regulations that are generally intended to prohibit them from taking advantage of information they obtain while executing orders (e.g., through the prohibition on “front running”). Market makers also have a duty to seek “best execution” of customers’ equity and option orders we send to them. If the market makers we use to execute our customers’ equity and option trades were to violate such rules and regulations and use this data for their own benefit in violation of applicable rules and regulations, it could result in negative publicity for us by association. Developments in any proposals related to the regulation 36 Table of Contents of PFOF or market structure design have generated and might continue to generate negative publicity associated with PFOF. Additionally, if our customers or potential customers believe that they might get better execution quality (including better price improvement) directly from our competitors that have different execution arrangements, or if our customers perceive our PFOF practices to create a conflict of interest between us and them, or if they begin to disfavor the specific market markers with which we do business due to any negative media attention, they might come to have an adverse view of our business model and might decide to limit or cease the use of our platforms. Some customers might prefer to invest through our competitors that do not engage in PFOF or Transaction Rebate practices or engage in them differently than do we. Any such loss of customer engagement as a result of any negative publicity associated with PFOF or Transaction Rebate practices could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. RHC has started to allow customers to choose a fee-based model in lieu of a liquidity provider rebate-based model (under which RHC receives Transaction Rebates from Liquidity Providers) for cryptocurrency orders routed to cryptocurrency exchanges for execution. This shift may lead to negative publicity due to potential differences in total costs for customers under the two models. Depending on the nature of these cost differences

=== HOOD_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information included in this Quarterly Report, including our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently see as immaterial might also adversely affect our business. Some statements in this Quarterly Report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those described at length in the Risk Factors section below. We consider the following to be our most material risks: • We might not grow in line with historical rates. • We have expanded and continue to expand our operations rapidly, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion, which subjects us to a number of uncertainties, risks, and difficulties that could adversely affect our business. • Our results of operations and other operating metrics fluctuate from quarter to quarter, which makes these metrics difficult to predict. • Factors that affect transaction-based revenue - such as reduced spreads in securities pricing, reduced levels of trading activity generally, changes in our business relationships with or disruption in the services provided by Liquidity Providers (as defined below), and any new regulation of, or any bans on, PFOF and similar practices - might result in reduced profitability, increased compliance costs, and negative publicity. • We are directly and indirectly exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, and rapidly changing interest rate environments have in the past and could in the future reduce our net interest revenues and otherwise result in reduced profitability. • As registered broker-dealers, we are subject to “best execution” requirements under common law agency principles, fiduciary obligations, and FINRA rules. We could be penalized if we fail to comply with these requirements and these requirements might be modified in the future in a way that could harm our business. • Unfavorable media coverage and other events that harm our brand and reputation have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our revenue and the size, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base. • Our business has been and might continue to be harmed by changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact global financial markets, or by a systemic market event. • Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract and retain senior management and other highly skilled personnel. • Rothera, owned and operated as a joint venture with SIG, operates a futures and derivatives exchange and clearinghouse through its subsidiary, Rothera E&C. We do not wholly own or operationally control Rothera and its subsidiaries, and actions taken by Rothera and its 62 Table of Contents subsidiaries could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. • We currently operate in certain international markets and plan to further expand our international operations, which exposes us to significant new risks, and our international expansion efforts might not succeed. • Our business is subject to extensive, complex, and changing laws and regulations, and related regulatory proceedings and investigations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, could harm our business. • We have been subject to regulatory investigations, actions, and settlements and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a materially adverse manner. • We are involved in numerous litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could expose us to significant liability and reputational harm. • Our ability to offer event contracts is subject to the outcome of currently ongoing and potential future regulatory enforcement actions and litigation, as well as potential changes in federal or state law, that could immediately or subsequently prevent us from offering, or continuing to offer, event contracts. • We operate in highly competitive markets, and many of our competitors have greater resources than we do and may have products and services that are more appealing than ours to our current or potential customers. • If we fail to retain existing customers or attract new customers, or if our customers decrease their use of our products and services, our revenue will decline. • If we fail to provide, monetize or successfully execute on new and innovative products, services and initiatives that are adopted by customers, our business may become less competitive and our revenue might decline. • We rely on third parties to perform some key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • We continue to incorporate AI technologies into some of our products and processes. These technologies may present business, compliance, legal, and reputational risks. • Our business could be materially and adversely affected by a cybersecurity breach or other attack involving our computer systems or data or those of our customers or third-party or fourth-party service providers. • If we do not maintain the net capital levels required by regulators, our broker-dealer business may be restricted, and we may be fined or subject to other disciplinary or corrective actions. • Our compliance and risk management policies and procedures as a regulated financial services company might not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating compliance and risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. • In the U.S., any particular cryptocurrency’s status as a “security” and cryptocurrency transaction’s status as an “investment contract” is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we have not properly characterized one or more cryptocurrencies or cryptocurrency transactions, we might be subject to legal and regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties. 63 Table of Contents • If the SEC, a state regulator or a private litigant alleges that staking services we offer in the U.S. involve unregistered offers and sales of securities or unregistered securities broker-dealer activity in violation of federal securities laws or applicable state laws or regulations, and the courts agree with such plaintiff, we may be required to cease our staking activities and may be subject to monetary penalties and other sanctions. • Cryptocurrency laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, regulatory interpretations, and accounting standards are often difficult to interpret and are rapidly evolving in ways that are difficult to predict. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with them, could negatively impact cryptocurrency trading on our platforms. • Our introduction of Robinhood Stock Tokens and crypto-asset perpetual trading in the EEA may expose us to significant regulatory, litigation, contractual