=== AKAM_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Financial and Operational Risks We face risks associated with global operations that could harm our business; Legal and Regulatory Risks Evolving privacy regulations could negatively impact our profitability and business operations; and Legal and Regulatory Risks Other regulatory developments could negatively impact our business. Intellectual Property Our success and ability to compete are dependent on developing and maintaining the proprietary aspects of our technology and operating without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws and contractual restrictions to protect the proprietary aspects of our technology. As of December 31, 2025, we owned, or had exclusive rights to, over 560 U.S. patents covering our technology as well as patents issued in other countries. Our U.S.-issued patents have terms extendable to various dates between 2026 and 2044. We do not believe that the expiration of any particular patent in the near future would be materially detrimental to our business. We seek to limit disclosure of our intellectual property by requiring employees and consultants with access to our proprietary information to execute confidentiality agreements with us and by restricting access to our source code. 9 Table of Contents Additional Information Our internet website address is www.akamai.com. We make available, free of charge, on or through our internet website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto that we have filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the Commission. We also use our https://www.ir.akamai.com website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We are not, however, including the information contained on our website, or information that may be accessed through links on our website, as part of, or incorporating such information by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors The following are important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Financial and Operational Risks Slowing, flat or limited revenue growth has in the past and may continue to negatively impact our profitability and stock price. The overall revenue growth we have enjoyed in recent years may not continue and could decline, negatively impacting our profitability and stock price. Our ability to generate revenue depends on the amount of services we deliver, continued growth in demand for our security, delivery and cloud computing solutions and our ability to maintain or increase the prices we charge for them. If we are unable to increase revenues, our profitability and stock price could suffer. Revenue from our delivery solutions is impacted by pricing pressure due to competition and fluctuations in content traffic as a result of, among other factors, changes in the popularity of our customers' content including video delivery and gaming, and economic pressures on our customers that can cause them to take steps to optimize their platforms, including through "do-it-yourself" ("DIY") initiatives or redistributing traffic among multiple providers. Such steps by our customers have in the past and may in the future reduce traffic on our network, negatively impacting revenue. Although the rate of decline has diminished in recent periods, we have continued to experience revenue declines in our delivery solutions, and ongoing competition, pricing pressure, and potential further shifts toward DIY or alternative sourcing strategies may continue to impact our delivery revenue. Our security solutions currently generate the largest portion of our revenue. Our ability to generate security revenue depends on our ability to increase our industry recognition as a provider of security solutions, navigate a highly competitive market, develop or acquire new solutions in a rapidly-changing environment where security threats are constantly evolving and ensure that our solutions operate effectively and are competitive with products offered by others, particularly as larger providers increasingly offer broader platforms of security services. Further, competition and pricing pressure has, and may continue to impact, revenue of certain of our security solutions, including during contract renewals. Reduced traffic levels on our network has in the past, and may in the future, negatively impact revenue from our security solutions. In addition, an increasing proportion of our revenue has been generated by our cloud computing solutions. Our ability to generate revenue in our cloud computing solutions depends on our ability to successfully continue building our compute platform, developing AI capabilities, attract a customer base that has traditionally partnered with more established companies in the cloud computing industry, develop effective, price competitive and attractive solutions and increase prices without reducing customer adoption, usage or retention. Global conditions have in the past and may in the future harm our industry, business and results of operations. Because we operate globally, our business, revenues and profitability are impacted by global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions. The success of our activities is affected by general economic, political and market conditions, including inflation, foreign exchange rates, interest rates, tax rates, economic uncertainty or contraction, political instability, warfare or acts of terrorism, public health crises, changes in laws, policy - and regulatory-related changes resulting from U.S. government actions and regulatory priorities, trade barriers including announced or expected tariffs, changes in export controls, the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of financial institutions, reduced consumer confidence and spending and economic and trade sanctions. Global economic and geopolitical conditions can impact our customers, potentially making non-U.S. companies reluctant to enter into contracts with U.S. providers or to permit cross-border data transfers. Such conditions can also cause customers to take cost-savings measures-such as optimization and DIY initiatives, reduction or delay of information technology spending, contract renegotiation and lengthening of procurement and sales cycles - which have in the past and may in the future negatively impact our revenues by reducing traffic on our network. The U.S. capital markets have recently experienced and may continue to experience extreme volatility and disruption, and inflation rates in the U.S. have been elevated compared to historical rates and have fluctuated. In addition, the current U.S. presidential administration has imposed or indicated an intention to impose tariffs or export controls (including on advanced computing and networking technologies and services) on certain countries that could further adversely impact trade relations, result in higher costs and decreased purchasing power of our customers, put increased pressure on supply chains and create general market instability. Such economic volatility has in the past and could in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and future market disruptions could negatively impact us. For example, these unfavorable economic conditions could slow our revenue growth or increase our operating costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. Geopolitical destabilization, 11 Table of Contents the escalation of international tensions and warfare have impacted and could continue to impact global currency exchange rates, resources from our suppliers, availability or pricing of energy and other inputs, our ability to compete effectively and our ability to operate or grow our business. Cybersecurity threats can also intensify during periods of geopolitical destabilization, increasing the risk of attempted attacks on our systems, suppliers and customers. Additionally, we have offices and employees located in regions that historically have and may again experience periods of political instability, warfare or acts of terrorism, public health crises, changes in laws, trade barriers, and economic and trade sanctions. Adverse conditions in these countries or actions by them to adopt policies that are unfavorable to other countries in which we operate have in the past and may in the future affect our operations, including by causing disruptions to our workforce, supply chains, networks, financial systems and other critical infrastructure, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For example, approximately six percent of our global employees are located in Israel, and have in the past been impacted by the Israel-Hamas war or other hostilities in and around or involving Israel. Any escalations or conflicts impacting Israel, including periodic escalations, could cause harm to our employees or otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time. Failure to control expenses could reduce our profitability, which would negatively impact our stock price. Maintaining or improving our profitability depends both on our ability to increase our revenue and limit our expenses. We base our decisions about expense levels and investments on estimates of our future revenue and future anticipated rates of growth and may incur varying levels of expense based on strategic initiatives, including acquisitions and the build out of our network to support our cloud computing solutions. In addition, many of our expenses are fixed costs for a certain amount of time which may impact our ability to reduce costs in a timely manner or without incurring additional costs. Further, we are subject to cost increases that we may not be able to successfully mitigate or pass on to our customers and we could lose customers who are unwilling to accept price increases, which could reduce our revenue. In particular, the capital requirements of the cloud computing industry can at times be significant. If we are unable to increase revenue, limit expenses, or manage increasing costs our results of operations will suffer. We have in the past and may in the future take certain steps to reduce expenses or to raise our prices to offset cost increases, however, there are no assurances that we will be able to effectively reduce or offset our expenses and such actions may negatively affect our ability to invest in our business for innovation, systems improvements and other initiatives. If we do not develop or acquire new solutions that are attractive to our customers, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. Innovation is important to our future success. In particular, as security and cloud computing solutions have become, and are expected to continue to be, an important part of our business, we must be particularly adept at developing new security solutions that meet the constantly-changing threat landscape and cloud computing, compute-to-edge and AI inference solutions that meet the needs of professional users and enterprises looking to increase the utility of the internet for their business. The process of developing new solutions and product enhancements is complex, lengthy and uncertain and has become increasingly complex due to the sophistication of our customers needs. The development timetable is uncertain and we may commit significant resources to developing solutions for which a viable market may not develop. For example, we are investing significant resources in our cloud computing solutions and platform, working on expanding capacity, adding additional sites and developing increased cloud computing features and functionality. Success in these efforts is not guaranteed and will largely depend on our ability to create products that are competitive in the enterprise market, source additional co-location facilities, manage an uncertain supply chain for server related hardware and adapt our offerings to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, including those related to AI workloads. In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, delays in developing and releasing new products and product enhancements. This could cause our expenses to grow more rapidly than our revenue. Trying to innovate through acquisition can be costly and with uncertain prospects for success; attractive acquisition targets may be too expensive for us to pursue, which could cause us to pursue more time-consuming internal development. Failure to develop or acquire, on a cost-effective basis, innovative or enhanced solutions that are attractive to customers and profitable to us could have a material detrimental effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we are unable to compete effectively and adapt to changing market conditions, our business will be adversely affected. We compete in markets that are intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Our current and potential competitors vary by size, product offerings and geographic region and range from start-ups that offer solutions competing with a discrete part of our business to large technology or telecommunications companies that offer, or may be planning to introduce, products and 12 Table of Contents services that are broadly competitive with what we do. The primary competitive factors in our market are differentiation of technology, global presence, quality of solutions, reliability, long-term product roadmap, data center maintenance and acquisition, supply chain resilience, customer service, technical expertise, security, ease-of-use, breadth of services offered, price and financial strength. Ultimately, any type of increased competition could result in price and revenue reductions, loss of customers and loss of market share or inability to penetrate new markets, each of which could materially impact our business, profitability, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, broader product portfolios, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. This is particularly true with respect to our AI and cloud computing solutions, as a small number of very large competitors have established themselves as incumbents in these industries and exert significant purchasing power and priority access to servers, memory, co-location capacity and power. As a result, some competitors have in the past and may in the future be able to: develop superior products or services; leverage better name recognition, particularly in the security and cloud computing markets; enter new markets more easily or better manage the impact of changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions and industry pressures; gain greater market acceptance for their products and services; enter into long-term contracts with our potential customers; increase their points of presence and proximity to enterprise data centers and end users faster than us; secure server components (including memory), co-location space and power on preferred terms and with priority access, which can constrain industry supply and increase our costs; expand their offerings more efficiently and more rapidly; bundle their products that are competitive with ours with other solutions they offer in a way that makes our offerings less appealing to, or more costly for, current and potential customers; more quickly adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements; take advantage of acquisition, investment and other opportunities more readily; offer lower prices than ours, including at levels that may not be profitable for us to match; spend more money on the promotion, marketing and sales of their products and services; offer higher salaries to talented professionals which may impact our ability to hire or retain engineering and other personnel; and implement shorter sales cycles with customers and prospects. Smaller and more nimble competitors have in the past and may in the future be able to: attract customers by offering less sophisticated versions of products and services than we provide at lower prices than those we charge; develop new business models that are disruptive to us; and respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies, changes in customer requirements and market and industry developments, resulting in superior offerings. We and other companies that compete in this industry and these markets experience continually shifting business relationships, reputations, commercial focuses and business priorities, all of which occur in reaction to industry and market forces and the emergence of new opportunities. These shifts have led or could lead to our customers or partners becoming our competitors; customers implementing multi-vendor policies and seeking out one or more of our competitors to provide content and application delivery or security protection services; network suppliers no longer seeking to work with us; and technology companies that previously did not appear to show interest in the markets we seek to address entering into those markets as our competitors. With this constantly changing environment, we may face operational difficulties in adjusting to the changes or our core strategies could become obsolete. Any of these or other developments could harm our business. Defects or disruptions in our products and IT systems could require us to increase spending on upgrading systems, diminish demand for our solutions or subject us to substantial liability. Our solutions are highly complex and are designed to be deployed in and across numerous large and complex networks that we do not control. From time to time, we have needed to correct errors and defects in the proprietary and open-source software that underlies our platform that have given rise to service incidents, outages and disruptions or otherwise impacted our operations. We have in the past and could in the future face the loss of customers from these incidents as they seek alternative or supplemental providers. We have also periodically experienced customer dissatisfaction with the quality of some of our delivery, security, cloud computing and other services, which has led to a loss of business and could lead to a loss of customers in the future. Furthermore, most of our customer agreements contain service level commitments. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we have in the past and may in the future be obligated to provide credits for future service, or face contract termination with refunds of prepaid amounts, which could harm our business. We may not have in place adequate quality assurance procedures to ensure that we detect errors in our hardware, software and open-source components that we use in a timely manner, and we may have insufficient resources to efficiently address multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in rapid succession. If we are unable to efficiently and cost-effectively fix errors or other problems that we identify and improve the quality of our solutions or systems, or if there are unidentified errors that allow persons to improperly access our services or systems, we could experience litigation, the need to issue credits 13 Table of Contents to customers, loss of revenue and market share, damage to our reputation, diversion of management attention, increased expenses, reduced profitability and other negative consequences which could harm our business. Defects in our security solutions or human error could lead to negative publicity, loss of business, damages payments to customers, diminishing customer appeal and other negative consequences which could harm our business. As our solutions are adopted by an increasing number of enterprises and governments, it is possible that the adversaries behind advanced malicious actions will specifically focus on finding ways to defeat our products and services. If they are successful, we could experience a serious impact on our reputation and financial condition as a provider of security solutions. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our own competing cloud computing offering. The rapid development and deployment of new compute infrastructure both hardware and software bears the risk of bugs and unforeseen failures that could affect our reputation and ability to execute our strategies. The risks of such bugs and unforeseen failures introduced to our compute platform by our customers who control many aspects of their use of our cloud computing services and experimental technologies could affect our reputation, ability to execute our strategies and our financial condition. It is also uncertain whether our strategies to develop and deploy our own competing cloud computing offering will attract additional customers or generate enough revenue to be successful. The costs related to these efforts may also reduce the gross and operating margins we have previously achieved . Failure to adequately and rapidly deploy additional points of presence, increased proximity to enterprise data centers and end users and develop competitive offerings could result in negative publicity, loss of business, diminishing customer appeal and other negative consequences which could harm our business. Our business relies on our data systems, traffic measurement systems, billing systems, ordering processes and other operational and financial reporting and control systems. We also rely on third-party software for certain essential operational services and a failure or disruption in these services could materially and adversely affect our ability to manage our business effectively. All of these systems have become increasingly complex due to the complexity of our business, use of third-party software and services, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems and changing regulation over controls and procedures. As a result, these systems have in the past and could in the future generate errors that impact traffic measurement or invoicing, revenue recognition and financial forecasting or other parts of our business. We will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, traffic measurement systems, billing systems, ordering processes and other operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, which may be difficult and costly. If we are unable to adapt our systems and organization in a timely, efficient and cost-effective manner to accommodate changing circumstances, our business may be adversely affected. Cybersecurity breaches and attacks on us, our contractors or our third-party vendors, as well as steps we need to take in an effort to prevent them, can lead to significant costs and disruptions that would harm our business, financial results and reputation. We and the third-parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats, which could cause cybersecurity incidents and/or data breaches, such as cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud and other similar activities. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect and come from a variety of sources and may be enhanced or facilitated by AI. We regularly face attempts to gain unauthorized access or deliver malicious software to Akamai's platforms, products and services and our internal IT systems, with the goal of stealing proprietary information related to our business, products, employees and customers; disrupting our systems and services or those of our customers or others; or demanding ransom to return control of such systems and services. These attempts take a variety of forms, including DDoS attacks, infrastructure attacks, botnets, malicious file uploads, computer malware, application abuse, credential abuse, social engineering (including phishing attacks), ransomware, bugs, viruses, worms malicious software programs, business email compromises, misuse of employee credentials and wrongful conduct by insider employees or vendors, all of which may be enhanced or facilitated by AI. Further, attempts to disrupt or gain unauthorized access to our and our third-party vendors information systems from malicious third parties or insider threats may incorporate widely varying and frequently changing tactics, which may be enhanced or facilitated by AI. Malicious actors are known to attempt to fraudulently induce employees and suppliers to disclose sensitive information through illegal electronic spamming, phishing or other tactics. Other parties may attempt to gain unauthorized physical access to our facilities in order to infiltrate our internal-use information systems. Furthermore, nation state and hacktivist attacks against us or our customers have in the past and may in the future intensify during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions or armed conflict, such as the ongoing war in Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas war and the escalation of military conflict between Israel and Iran, as well as broader military confrontations involving the United States. We may not be able to anticipate the techniques used in such attacks, as they change frequently and may not be recognized until launched. The rapidly changing technological and geopolitical landscape may also create new, unexpected, or unknown risks for which we may not immediately be prepared, requiring increased risk mitigation expenditures. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that such terms are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our privacy and data security obligations. Further, 14 Table of Contents although we maintain cyber liability insurance, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities related to any experienced cybersecurity incident or breach. Like other companies in our industry, we, and our third-party providers, have experienced and will continue to experience threats and cybersecurity incidents relating to our information technology systems and infrastructure. For example, we have discovered vulnerabilities in software and hardware used in our technology, such as the AMD "Inception" vulnerability identified in mid-2023 that potentially impacted a large portion of the internet ecosystem, and may have other undiscovered vulnerabilities. Vulnerabilities, resident in software, hardware or configurations, have in the past and may in the future require significant operational efforts to mitigate and may persist for extended periods of time and the effects of any such vulnerability could be exacerbated. Similar security risks exist with respect to acquired companies, our business partners and the third-party vendors that we rely on for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions. As a result, we are subject to risks that the activities of our business partners and third-party vendors may adversely affect our business even if an attack or breach does not directly target our systems. To protect our corporate and deployed networks, we aim to continuously engineer more secure solutions, enhance security and reliability features, improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities, develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network and services. For example, our efforts to continually enhance the security and reliability of our globally distributed infrastructure, customer applications and corporate systems comprise various initiatives and mitigation efforts, including upgrading access and configuration controls; improving security instrumentation, monitoring, detection and prevention tools; enhancing software inventory and tracking and patching systems; upgrading encryption processes and protections; enhancing authorization methods in applications; enhancing data loss prevention and endpoint security management capabilities; upgrading vulnerability identification, assessment and remediation processes and technologies; and enhancing the security of passwords and other credentials, as applicable and appropriate. Our efforts to engineer more secure solutions are frequently costly, with a negative impact on near-term profitability, and may be unsuccessful in preventing security incidents that may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. For example, with the acquisition of Linode Limited Liability Company ("Linode"), we continue to adapt procedures for mitigating risks that have in the past or may in the future materialize, including any harms that may arise from abuse of our cloud computing products. If we fail to mitigate these harms or if there is a significant cybersecurity event using our cloud computing products or our cloud computing products are perceived to be less reliable than our competitors, it could result in loss of customers and reputational damage. Any actual, alleged or perceived breach of network security in our systems or networks, or any other actual, alleged or perceived outage, compromise or data security incident we, our customers or our third-party suppliers suffer, has in the past and could in the future result in legal reporting obligations; damage to our reputation; negative publicity; loss of channel partners, customers and sales; loss of revenue; loss of competitive advantages; increased costs to remedy any problems and otherwise respond to any incident; regulatory investigations and enforcement actions and fines; costly litigation; and other liabilities. If we cannot maintain compatibility with our customers IT infrastructure, including their chosen third-party services, our business will be harmed. Our products interoperate with our customers' IT infrastructures that often have different specifications, utilize diverse technology and require compatibility with multiple communication protocols. Therefore, the functionality of our technology often needs to have, and maintain, compatibility with our customers' technology environment, including their chosen third-party technology. Aspects of our technology's compatibility with our customers' technology is dependent on our customers because our customers, and in particular those who implement third-party applications within their environments, may change features, restrict our access to, or alter their applications within their discretion and in a manner that causes incompatibilities or causes us significant costs to maintain compatibility. Such changes could functionally limit or prevent the compatibility of our products with our customers IT infrastructure, which would negatively affect adoption of our products and harm our business. If we fail to update our products to achieve compatibility with new third-party applications that our customers use, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would harm our business. We face risks associated with global operations that could harm our business. A significant portion of our hiring, new customers and revenue growth in recent years has been attributable to our business outside the U.S. Our operations in international countries subject us to risks that may increase our costs, impact our financial results, disrupt our operations or make our operations less efficient and require significant management attention. These risks 15 Table of Contents include: foreign exchange rate risks; uncertainty regarding liability for content or services, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent; loss of revenues if the U.S. or international governments impose limitations on doing business with significant current or potential customers; difficulty in staffing, training, developing and managing international operations as a result of distance, language, cultural differences, differences in employee/employer relationships or regulations; theft of intellectual property in high-risk countries where we operate; difficulties in enforcing contracts, collecting accounts and longer payment cycles in certain countries; difficulties in transferring funds from, or converting currencies in, certain countries; managing the costs and processes necessary to comply with export control, sanctions, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, data protection, cybersecurity and competition laws and regulations or other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products and services in certain international markets; changes in regulatory rules or policies or changes in government enforcement priorities and resources; macroeconomic developments and changes in the labor markets in which we operate; geopolitical developments, including increasing international tensions or any that impact our or our customers ability to operate in or deliver content to a country; other circumstances outside of our control such as trade disputes, including the imposition of tariffs by the United States on imports from certain countries and any resulting counter-tariffs or macroeconomic impacts, political unrest, warfare, military or armed conflict, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas war, and periodic escalations involving Israel and Iran or Hezbollah, as well as broader military confrontations involving the United States, terrorist attacks, public health emergencies, energy crises and natural disasters that could disrupt our ability to provide services or limit customer purchases of them. For example, approximately six percent of our global employees are located in Israel and have been and may continue to be impacted by hostilities in the region, including being required to report for military duty, which could impact our ability to operate and successfully complete ongoing initiatives. In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations worldwide that differ among jurisdictions and may change, affecting our operations in areas such as intellectual property ownership and infringement; tax; anti-bribery and anti-corruption; technology sovereignty, internet, technology and export regulations; so-called "fair share" or internet content taxes; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation; data privacy; cyber security; competition; consumer protection; corporate sustainability; and employment and immigration. Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive and may otherwise impact our business operations negatively. Although we have policies, controls and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, channel partners, intermediaries, agents or acquired businesses will not violate such laws or our policies, or that our controls will timely prevent, detect or remediate misconduct. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines or disgorgement of profits; additional costs related to internal or governmental investigations; remedial undertakings; contract damages, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees; suspension or debarment; loss of licenses or certifications; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Our business strategy depends on the ability to source adequate transmission capacity, co-location facilities and the equipment we need to operate our network; failure to have access to those resources could lead to loss of revenue and service disruptions. To operate and grow our globally distributed network serving our portfolio of services, we are dependent in part upon transmission capacity provided by third-party telecommunications network providers and co-location facilities to house our servers and equipment to support our operations. We may be unable to purchase the bandwidth and space we need from these providers due to limitations on their resources, increasing energy costs or other reasons outside of our control, including market dynamics driven by hyperscalers, significant cost increases in servers and memory, and shortages of data center space and power. In particular, our efforts to increase the size and scale of our network infrastructure have required and may continue to require procuring significant additional space in co-location facilities. Inability to access facilities where we would like to install servers, secure sufficient power capacity or perform maintenance on existing servers for any reason impedes our ability to expand or maintain capacity. As a result, there can be no assurance that we are adequately prepared for unexpected increases in capacity demands by our customers. Failure to put in place the capacity we require to operate our business effectively could result in a reduction in, or disruption of, service to our customers and ultimately a loss of those customers. In addition, these third-party providers can experience operational inefficiencies relating to power, climate controls, water, logistics, and other unforeseen events which could result in increased costs, service disruptions and diminished customer experiences. We cannot guarantee that these providers have adequate measures in place to avoid service events that could impact our ability to operate portions of our network. Akamai's platforms, products and services rely on hardware equipment, including hundreds of thousands of servers deployed around the world. Increasing demand and manufacturing limitations for certain necessary equipment or components may significantly impact pricing and availability. In addition, disruptions in our supply chain have occurred in the past and could occur in the future that prevent us from purchasing needed equipment at attractive prices or at all. For example, we are experiencing continued volatility in certain server component costs, including as a result of recently imposed tariffs, that 16 Table of Contents support the continued build out of our AI, infrastructure and platform services. In addition, from time to time, it has been, and may continue to be, more difficult to purchase equipment that is manufactured in areas that face disruptions to operations due to war, unrest, trade sanctions or other political activity, public health issues, safety issues, natural disasters or general economic conditions. For example, tariffs imposed by the United States on other countries and any resulting counter-tariffs have in the past and will in the future likely lead to increasing costs and supply chain disruptions. Failure to have adequate equipment, including server and other networking equipment, could harm the quality of our services, which could lead to the loss of customers and revenue. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties, dilution, diversion of management attention and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations. We expect to continue to pursue acquisitions and other types of strategic relationships that involve technology sharing or close cooperation with other companies. Acquisitions and other complex transactions are accompanied by a number of risks, including the following: difficulty integrating technologies, operations and personnel while maintaining the quality standards; potential disruptions of our ongoing business and distraction of management attention; diversion of financial and business resources from core operations or other attractive investments; financial consequences, such as increased operating expenses, incurrence of material post-closing liabilities, incurrence of additional debt and other dilutive effects on our earnings, particularly in the current environment where we have seen relatively high valuations of, and valuation expectations for, many technology companies and increasing allocation of risk to acquirors; failure to realize synergies or other expected benefits; lawsuits resulting from an acquisition or disposition; the inability to retain the acquired company's key talent; exposure to cybersecurity risks and the cost associated with remediating those risks in connection with the acquisition of IT systems; increased accounting charges such as impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, amortization of intangible assets acquired and a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired; the need to use substantial portions of available cash or dilutive issuances of securities to finance large transactions; and potential unknown liabilities and regulatory requirements associated with an acquired business. The data practices and technology systems of businesses that we have acquired, or may acquire, and our efforts to integrate our acquisitions with our existing technologies have in the past and may in the future pose risks, such as cybersecurity vulnerabilities or past cybersecurity or privacy incidents. Following an acquisition, we work to enhance the security and reliability of our systems. As such, there is a period of increased cybersecurity risk during the period between closing an acquisition and the completion of our security upgrades and integration. For example, as part of the integration of the Linode compute platform into Akamai's platform and the migration of certain applications and products from third party cloud providers onto Akamai's compute platform, we have been working to enhance the security and reliability of the integrated systems. While we continue to make progress on these efforts, the mitigation of a number of risks is ongoing and thus certain underlying vulnerabilities remain that, if exploited, could negatively impact Akamai's platform and our customers. Despite our efforts to enhance the security and reliability of our systems, our information technology systems and those of third parties with whom we do business or communicate may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by unauthorized access, malicious software, computer viruses, undetected intrusion, hardware failures, or other events. In addition, our disaster recovery plans may be ineffective or inadequate. Any inability to integrate completed acquisitions or combinations in an efficient and timely manner could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. If current and potential large customers shift to DIY internal solutions for content and application delivery or security protection, our business will be negatively impacted. We are reliant on some of our larger customers to direct traffic to our network for a significant part of our revenues. At times, some of our customers have determined that it is better for them to employ a DIY strategy by putting in place equipment, software and other technology solutions for content and application delivery and security protection within their internal systems instead of using our solutions for some or all of their needs. As the amount of money a customer spends with us increases, the risk that they will seek alternative solutions such as DIY or a multi-vendor policy likewise increases. While the number of customers implementing a DIY strategy had been decreasing, current global economic and geopolitical conditions may cause customers to increase their focus on DIY solutions, which could negatively impact traffic on our network, and, as a result, our revenue. For example, a large social media customer has taken steps to lower costs and reduce reliance on U.S. providers by optimizing its platform, including using a DIY component, which reduced traffic on our network and negatively impacted our revenue in 2024 and may continue to do so in the future. If our customers increase their use of DIY solutions or if multiple additional large customers shift to this model, traffic on our network and our contracted revenue commitments could decrease more significantly, which could negatively impact our business, profitability, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 17 Table of Contents If we are unable to recruit and retain key employees and qualified sales, research and development, technical, marketing and support personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. Our future success depends upon the services of our executive officers and other key technology, sales, research and development, marketing and support personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships. Attracting, hiring and retaining highly skilled and qualified employees continues to be a priority and a key dependency for our ongoing success. If we fail to attract new personnel, fail to retain and motivate our current personnel or fail to effectively train our employees to support our business needs, our business and future growth prospects could suffer. For example, none of our officers or key employees are bound by an employment agreement for any specific term, and members of our senior management have left our company over the years for a variety of reasons. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success and our failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our officers and other key personnel could hinder our strategic planning and execution. In addition, our future success will depend upon our ability to attract, train and retain employees, particularly in our expected areas of growth such as security and cloud computing. Such efforts will require time, expense and attention by our employees as there is significant competition for talented individuals. This competition results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation and can have a dilutive impact on our stock. Our ability to hire and retain employees may be adversely affected by volatility in our stock price or our ability to obtain shareholder approval to offer additional stock to our employees, because a significant portion of our compensation is in the form of equity grants. We are retasking certain employees to work on our cloud computing solutions which will require the use of our resources and if we are unable to successfully retrain our employees, our cloud computing business may suffer. Furthermore, geopolitical events may impact our retention efforts. For example, the Israel-Hamas War and other hostilities in the Middle East have and could continue to impact our workforce in Israel, as employees have been and may continue to be required to report for military service or have other competing priorities. The loss of the services of a significant number of our employees or any of our key employees or our inability to attract and retain new talent in a timely fashion may be disruptive to our operations and overall business. Our failure to manage new risks as our business evolves and our work practices change could harm us. As a result of the diversification of our business, personnel growth, the deployment of our FlexBase program, acquisitions and international expansion in recent years, most of our employees are now based outside of our Cambridge, Massachusetts headquarters. Because most of our employees work remotely, we are subject to additional risks. For example, certain security systems in homes or other remote workplaces may be less secure than those used in our offices, which may subject us to increased security risks, including cybersecurity-related events, and expose us to risks of data or financial loss and associated disruptions to our business operations. If we are unable to effectively maintain a hybrid workforce, manage the cybersecurity and other risks of remote work and maintain our corporate culture and workforce morale, our business could be harmed or otherwise negatively impacted. Additionally, if we are unable to appropriately increase management depth, enhance succession planning and decentralize our decision-making at a pace commensurate with our actual or desired growth rates, we may not be able to achieve our financial or operational goals. It is also important to our continued success that we hire qualified personnel, integrate new employees from our recent acquisitions, properly train them and manage poorly-performing personnel, all while maintaining our corporate culture and spirit of innovation. If we are not successful in these efforts, our growth and operations could be adversely affected. Our restructuring and reorganization activities may be disruptive to our operations and harm our business. Over the past several years, we have implemented internal restructurings and reorganizations designed to reduce the size and cost of our operations, improve operational efficiencies and reprioritize investments, enhance our ability to pursue market opportunities and accelerate our technology development initiatives. During the first quarter of 2023, the third quarter of 2024 and the fourth quarter of 2025, management committed to actions to restructure certain parts of the company, including reducing headcount, to enable it to prioritize investments in the fastest growing areas of the business and redeploy resources to support the company's strategic investments. We may take similar steps in the future as we seek to realize operating synergies, optimize our operations to achieve our target operating model and profitability objectives, respond to market forces or better reflect changes in the strategic direction of our business. In addition, in 2025 management has introduced changes to the sales organization and sales compensation structure to work to optimize sales performance and to better align sales incentives to the fastest growing areas of the business. Disruptions in operations may occur as a result of taking these actions. Taking these actions may also result in significant expense, including with respect to workforce reductions, decreased productivity due to 18 Table of Contents employee distraction and unanticipated employee turnover, which could adversely affect our operating results. We may have exposure to greater-than-anticipated tax liabilities. Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, or changes in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items such as equity-related compensation. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) and participating OECD member countries continue to work toward the enactment of a 15% global minimum corporate tax rate for large multinational enterprise groups, also known as "Pillar Two." Many of the participating countries have enacted legislation that became effective beginning in 2024, while other countries continue to work on defining the underlying rules and administrative procedures. Although the enacted and effective legislation in some countries was applicable to us as of January 1, 2024, and increased our effective income tax rate, the increase did not have a material impact on our overall results of operations or cash flows. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the impacts of the developing legislation. We have recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our income tax and indirect tax positions. These potential tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different jurisdictions. We are currently subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. If the ultimate outcome of any tax audits are adverse to us, our reserves may not be adequate to cover our total actual liability, and we would need to take a financial charge. Although we believe our estimates, our reserves and the positions we have taken in all jurisdictions are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates affect our reported operating results in U.S. dollar terms. Because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given period. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, headcount in foreign locations and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Revenue generated and expenses incurred by our international subsidiaries are often denominated in their local currencies, but many of our expenses related to our operations in foreign jurisdictions are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our international subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. For example, in 2025, the weakening of the U.S. dollar had a positive impact on our revenue and increased our overall profitability, but if this dynamic reverses, it would have a negative impact on our revenue and profitability. In addition, our financial results are subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-functional currencies. In addition, we have recently experienced increased volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, due to a number of factors, including geopolitical and economic developments. We may not be able to effectively manage such volatility, and our financial results have in the past and could in the future be adversely impacted as a result of such volatility. In addition, such volatility, even when it increases our revenues or decreases our expenses, impacts our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. Our sales to government clients subject us to risks, including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. We have customer contracts with the U.S. government, as well as international, state and local governments and their respective agencies and we may in the future increase sales to government entities. Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of such government organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive, time consuming and subject to specific public tender and/or procurement processes and rules, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. Such government entities often have the right to terminate these contracts at any time, without cause, and may require us to issue on-demand performance bonds or guarantees. There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending and demand and payment for our services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations. These factors may combine to potentially limit the revenue we derive from government contracts in the future. Additionally, government contracts generally have requirements that are more complex than those found in commercial enterprise agreements 19 Table of Contents and therefore are more costly to comply with. Such contracts are also subject to audits and investigations that could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fee refunds, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. We utilize third-party technology in our business, and failures or vulnerabilities, and/or litigation, related to these technologies may adversely affect our business. We utilize third-party software, services and other technology to operate critical functions of our business, including the integration of certain of these technologies into our network, products and services, and in some cases our products and services include features designed to enable our customers and partners to write and execute their own software within our platform. If these software, services, or other technology become unavailable, malfunction or contain vulnerabilities, our expenses could increase and our ability to operate our network, provide our products and our results of operations could be impaired until equivalent software, technology, or services are purchased or developed or any identified vulnerabilities or malfunctioning are remedied. If we are unable to procure the necessary third-party technology we may need to acquire or develop alternative technology, or we may have to resort to utilizing alternative technology of lower quality. This could limit and delay our ability to offer new or competitive products and increase our costs of production. As a result, our business could be significantly harmed. In addition, the use of third-party technology may expose us to third-party claims of intellectual property infringement which could cause us to incur significant costs in defense or alternative sourcing. We rely on certain open-source software, which may contain security flaws or other deficiencies, and the use of which could result in our having to distribute our proprietary software, including source code, to third parties on unfavorable terms, either of which could materially affect our business. Certain of our offerings use software that is subject to open-source licenses. Open-source code is software that is freely accessible, usable and modifiable; however, certain open-source code is governed by license agreements, the terms of which could require users of such software to make any derivative works of the software available to others on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Because we use open-source code, we may be required to take remedial action in order to protect our proprietary software. Such action could include replacing certain source code used in our software, discontinuing certain of our products or taking other actions that could be expensive and divert resources away from our development efforts. In addition, the terms relating to disclosure of derivative works in many open-source licenses are unclear and have not been interpreted by U.S. courts. If a court interprets one or more such open-source licenses in a manner that is unfavorable to us, we could be required to make certain of our key software generally available at no cost. We could also be subject to similar conditions or restrictions should there be any changes in the licensing terms of the open-source software incorporated into our products. In either event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely or successful basis, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, open-source software may have security flaws and other deficiencies that could make our solutions less reliable and damage our business. We may not be successful in our artificial intelligence initiatives, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. Artificial intelligence presents new risks, opportunities and challenges that may affect our business. In addition to ongoing investments to integrate AI and machine learning technology into our existing products and solutions and to use AI to enhance our business operations, we recently launched AIC, a platform enabling AI inferencing at the edge of the internet, as a direct offering in the AI market. This introduces additional risks, as we now compete with established and emerging companies providing AI infrastructure and inference solutions. Given the nature of AI technology, we face significant competition from other companies and an evolving regulatory landscape. Our AI focused initiatives, including AIC, may not be successful, and our competitors may incorporate AI into their products or market their AI solutions more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our financial results. Further, the rapid evolution of AI combined with the uncertain, rapidly evolving and often inconsistent regulatory landscape may require significant additional resources and costs and could in some cases limit our ability to implement AI capabilities in our solutions or to use AI to support business operations. AI systems and third-party AI services that we use may also introduce operational resilience and stability risks that could disrupt our services or customers' workloads and adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results. Further, data used to train AI-based systems may lead to harm to our reputation or financial results. Use of AI that has been trained on open-source code repositories for code development, for instance, may increase intellectual property risks, as well as risks related to ingestion of malicious code. Despite our implementation of programs designed to support responsible and safe AI use and development, we may not successfully address all issues that may arise. For example, user misuse of AI capabilities, privacy concerns, user consent, supply chain security, AI-related export controls, transparency and the accuracy, completeness 20 Table of Contents and suitability of data sets are all potential issues that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. Legal and Regulatory Risks Evolving privacy regulations could negatively impact our profitability and business operations. The nature and breadth of laws and regulations, or expanded interpretation of these laws and regulations, that relate to privacy on the internet and international data transfer restrictions may increase in the future. Accordingly, we are unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether our compliance efforts will materially impact our business, results of operations or financial condition, as well as increase expenses or create other disadvantages to our business. Privacy laws are rapidly proliferating, changing and evolving globally. Governments, private citizens and privacy advocates with class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. Numerous laws and industry self-regulatory codes have been enacted, and additional and revised laws are being considered that may affect how we use data generated from our network as well as our ability to reach current and prospective customers, understand how our solutions are being used and respond to customer requests allowed under the laws. In the U.S., more than a dozen states now have comprehensive privacy laws, adding complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions, and potential legal risk requiring additional investment of resources in compliance programs. Any perception that our business practices, our data collection activities or how our solutions operate represent an invasion of privacy or improper practice, whether or not consistent with current regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism or boycotts, class action lawsuits, reputational harm, or actions by regulators, or claims by industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt our business and expose us to liability. Engineering efforts to build new capabilities to facilitate compliance with increasing international data transfer restrictions and new and changing privacy laws and related customer demands could require us to take on substantial expenses and divert engineering resources from other projects. We might experience reduced demand for our offerings if we are unable to engineer products that meet our legal duties or help our customers meet their obligations under applicable data regulations, or if the changes we implement to comply with such laws and regulations make our offerings less attractive. Our ability to leverage the data generated by our global networks is important to the value of many of the solutions we offer, our operational efficiency and future product development opportunities. Our ability to use data in this way may be constrained by regulatory developments. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency or greater difficulty in competing with other companies. Compliance with data regulations might limit our ability to innovate or offer certain features and functionality in some jurisdictions where we operate. Failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged non-compliant activity, as well as negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort. Our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third parties on privacy, data security and other ethical data use practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or end-user data we process. Improper disclosure or misuse of personal data could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or end users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Other regulatory developments could negatively impact our business. U.S. and international laws and regulations that apply to the internet, including content liability, security requirements, law enforcement access to information, critical infrastructure, net neutrality, so-called "fair share" or internet content taxes, international data transfer restrictions, sanctions, export controls, restrictions on social media or other platforms, applications or content, as well as developing regulatory concerns related to digital or cloud sovereignty, could pose risks to our revenues, intellectual property and customer relationships and could increase expenses or create other disadvantages to our business. Section 230 of the U.S. Communications Decency Act ("Section 230"), gives websites that host user-generated content broad protection from legal liability for content posted on their sites. Proposals to repeal or amend Section 230 could expose us to greater legal liability in the conduct of our business. Our Acceptable Use Policy prohibits customers from using our network to deliver illegal or inappropriate content; if customers violate that policy, we may nonetheless face reputational damage, enforcement actions or lawsuits related to their content. In addition, laws and regulations related to content could cause internet service providers, or others, to block our products in order to enforce content-blocking efforts. Efforts to block a single product or domain name may end up blocking a number of other products or domain names in an overbroad manner that could affect our business. 21 Table of Contents Certain jurisdictions are adopting or tightening data localization and data residency requirements that restrict where customer or employee data may be stored, processed, accessed or encrypted. In the U.S., regulators are increasingly scrutinizing and restricting certain personal data transfers and transactions involving foreign countries. For example, the Department of Justice s January 8, 2025, rule on Preventing Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons, prohibits data brokerage transactions involving certain sensitive personal data categories to countries of concern, including China. The regulations also restrict certain investment agreements, employment agreements and vendor agreements involving such data and countries of concern, absent specified cybersecurity controls. Some jurisdictions, particularly the European Union (the "EU"), are also exploring broader digital sovereignty frameworks placing operational, ownership, and control requirements that must be met to provide services to certain markets or sectors. These measures have gathered steam over the past year based on the emergence of geopolitical tensions, including between the US and Europe. Together with limits on cross border data transfers and government access or audit obligations, they may prevent us from providing services in certain cases, or require us to provide in country or region specific hosting, rely on designated local partners, modify or limit features, or maintain segregated environments and duplicative infrastructure, routing, logging and support models. These developments could decrease our addressable market, increase our costs and complexity, lengthen sales cycles, limit the functionality or performance of our services in some markets and reduce economies of scale. These risks may accelerate or vary by region due to geopolitical factors, including changes in sanctions, export or import controls, tariffs and other trade restrictions, or regional conflicts. Regulations have also been enacted or proposed in a number of countries that limit the delivery of certain types of content into those countries. Enactment and expansion of such laws and regulations would negatively impact our revenues. For example, restrictions were adopted in India in 2020 prohibiting access to identified Chinese-owned applications which caused a reduction in revenue to us. In addition, in April 2024, the U.S. government enacted the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications Act ("PAFACA"), which, among other things, prohibited the provision of certain types of services to a Chinese application if the application was not sold to a neutral third party by January 19, 2025. The President of the United States subsequently signed a series of Executive Orders delaying enforcement of the legislation, culminating with an Executive Order issued on September 25, 2025, which declared that a proposed sale of the Chinese-owned application's U.S. operations to a new joint-venture company complied with PAFACA's divestiture requirements and extended non-enforcement of PAFACA until January 23, 2026. These Executive Orders further directed the Department of Justice to issue guidance and letters stating there was no violation and no liability for conduct during the PAFACA non-enforcement periods, resulting in Akamai's receipt of an Attorney General determination that Akamai services had not violated the law and that we could continue providing services as contemplated by the Executive Orders without violating the law and without incurring any legal liability. On January 22, 2026, the divestiture was finalized, and a new U.S.-based joint venture assumed operation of the U.S. application. Although the divestiture has been completed, certain aspects of the transaction could be subject to future governmental review or litigation. Further, it is difficult to predict whether any future legislative, regulatory or judicial actions, including those that may be brought against the Executive Orders, will be successful. There is no assurance that we will not be exposed to liability, and we may face significant fines, litigation, indemnification claims, negative publicity, reputational harm, diversion of management attention, interruptions in our operations, financial loss and other similar harms by continuing to provide services to this customer. In addition, enactment and expansion of laws related to the use of AI and machine learning in our operations and increased regulation of cloud service providers also could increase the costs of doing business, subject us to potential liability or regulatory risk and introduce other disadvantages to our business, including brand or reputational harm. U.S. states have advanced and, in some cases, enacted numerous AI governance laws, creating a complicated legislative patchwork that may be litigated in state and federal courts, notwithstanding a December 2025 executive order endorsing a federal moratorium on enforcement of state AI laws. In Europe, the EU began implementing the Artificial Intelligence Act (the "AI Act") on August 1, 2024, with significant provisions scheduled to take effect in August 2026. The AI Act, which may be amended as part of the EU's Digital Omnibus, imposes significant obligations on providers and deployers of high-risk AI systems, and non-compliance can lead to substantial fines. If we develop or use AI systems governed by these laws or regulations, we may face burdensome and costly compliance obligations relating to data quality, transparency, human oversight, and ethical and administrative requirements, as well as significant enforcement actions or litigation in the event of any perceived non-compliance. Interpretations of laws or regulations that would subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, supervision or, alternatively, require us to exit a line of business or a country, could lead to the loss of significant revenues and have a negative impact on the quality of our solutions. Engineering efforts to build new capabilities to facilitate compliance with law enforcement access requirements, content access restrictions or other regulations could require us to take on substantial expenses and divert engineering resources from other projects. These circumstances could harm our profitability. 22 Table of Contents We may need to defend against patent or copyright infringement claims, which would cause us to incur substantial costs or limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. As we expand our business and develop new technologies, products and services, we have become increasingly subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims and related litigation. We have also agreed to indemnify our customers and channel and strategic partners if our solutions infringe or misappropriate specified intellectual property rights. As a result, we have been and could again become involved in litigation or claims brought against customers or channel or strategic partners if our solutions or technology are the subject of such allegations. Any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, brought against us or pursuant to which we indemnify our customers or partners could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and require us to do one or more of the following: cease selling, incorporating or using features, functionalities, products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; pay substantial damages and incur significant litigation expenses; obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or redesign products or services. If we are forced to take any of these actions, our business may be seriously harmed. Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use or infringement by third parties. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. These legal protections afford only limited protection, particularly in some regions outside the U.S. We have previously brought lawsuits against entities that we believed were infringing our intellectual property rights but have not always prevailed. Such lawsuits can be expensive and require a significant amount of attention from our management and technical personnel, and the outcomes are unpredictable. Monitoring unauthorized use of our solutions is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken or will take will prevent unauthorized use of our technology. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that any pending or future patent applications will be granted, that any future patent will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that rights granted under any patent that may be issued will provide competitive advantages to us. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of our intellectual property assets may be reduced. Although we have licensed from other parties proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Such licenses may also be non-exclusive, meaning our competition may also be able to access such technology. Litigation may adversely impact our business. From time to time, we are or may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including patent, commercial, product liability, breach of contract, employment, class action, whistleblower, other litigation, claims and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, under our charter, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable and may not be covered by insurance, there can be no assurance that the results of any litigation matters will not have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Global climate change, other disruptions and related natural resource conservation regulations could adversely impact our business. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and our industry in particular remain unknown. For example, changes in weather where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud services. In addition, catastrophic natural disasters, such as an earthquake, fire, flood or other act of God and any similar disruption, as well as any derivative disruption, such as those to services provided through localized physical infrastructure, including utility or telecommunication outages, or any to the continuity of our, our partners , suppliers and our customers workforce, could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. In addition, pandemics or other public health crises, as well as any derivative disruptions such as those experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, in places where we operate may adversely affect our results of operations. Our global operations are dependent on our network infrastructure, technology systems and website, including the supply of servers from our third-party partners, as well as our intellectual property and personnel and any disruption to these dependencies may negatively impact our ability to respond to customers, provide services and maintain local and global business continuity. Furthermore, some of our products and business functions are hosted or carried out by third parties that may be vulnerable to these same types of disruptions, the response to or resolution of which may be beyond our control. Any disruption to our business could cause us to incur significant costs to repair damages to our facilities, equipment, infrastructure and business relationships. 23 Table of Contents In addition, in response to concerns about global climate change, governments may adopt new regulations affecting the use of fossil fuels or requiring the use of alternative fuel sources which could adversely impact our business. Our deployed network of servers consumes significant energy resources, including those generated by the burning of fossil fuels. While we have invested in projects to support renewable energy development, our customers, investors and other stakeholders may require us to take more steps to demonstrate that we are taking ecologically responsible measures in operating our business. The costs and any expenses we may incur to make our network more energy-efficient and comply with any new regulations could make us less profitable in future periods. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other requirements imposed on us could lead to fines, lost revenue and damage to our reputation. Investment-Related Risks Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value. The market price of our common stock has historically been volatile. Trading prices for our common stock may continue to fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, including the following: quarterly variations in operating results; changes in guidance or failure to meet guidance; announcements by our customers related to their businesses that could be viewed as impacting their usage of our solutions; market speculation about whether we are a takeover target or considering a strategic transaction; announcements by us regarding acquisitions; announcements by competitors; activism by any single large stockholder or combination of stockholders or rumors about such activity; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts; purchases or sales of our stock by our officers and directors; general economic conditions and other macroeconomic factors, such as inflationary pressures, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, energy prices, reduced consumer spending, elevated interest rates, the announcement or imposition of tariffs, recessionary economic cycles, protracted economic slowdowns and overall market volatility; repurchases of shares of our common stock; the issuance of additional shares or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock, including under our equity compensation plans; entry into, or termination of, relationships with material customers and partners; and performance by other companies in our industry. Furthermore, our revenue, particularly that portion attributable to usage of our solutions beyond customer commitments, can be difficult to forecast, and, as a result, our quarterly operating results can fluctuate substantially. This concern is particularly acute with respect to our media and commerce customers. In the future, our customer contracting models may change to move away from a committed revenue structure to a pay-as-you-go approach, which could make it easier for customers to reduce the amount of business they do with us or leave altogether. Changes in billing models and committed revenue requirements could, therefore, create challenges with our forecasting processes. Because a significant portion of our cost structure is largely fixed in the short-term, revenue shortfalls tend to have a disproportionately negative impact on our profitability. If we announce revenue or profitability results that do not meet or exceed our guidance, issue guidance that does not meet or exceed market expectations, or make changes in our guidance with respect to future operating results, our stock price may decrease significantly as a result. Any of these events, as well as other circumstances discussed in these Risk Factors, may cause the price of our common stock to fall. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices of stock of publicly-traded technology companies in particular, have experienced significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies. These broad stock market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Any failure to meet our debt obligations or obtain financing would damage our business. As of the date of this report, we had total principal amount of $1,150.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding due in 2027, total principal amount of $1,265.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding due in 2029 and total principal amount of $1,725.0 million of convertible senior notes outstanding due in 2033. In November 2022 we entered into a credit agreement that provides for an initial $500.0 million revolving credit facility and was amended in May 2025 to increase the aggregate revolving commitments from $500.0 million to $1.0 billion and to extend the maturity date one year to November 22, 2028. We also entered into a credit agreement in January 2025 providing for a $150.0 million revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2025, there were no outstanding borrowings under the credit facilities. Our ability to repay any amounts we borrow under our credit facility, refinance the notes, make cash payments in connection with conversions of the notes or repurchase the notes in the event of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the notes) will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. We also may not use the cash we have raised through future borrowing under the credit facility or the issuance of the convertible senior notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. If we are unable to remain profitable or if we use more cash than we generate in the future, our level of indebtedness at such time could adversely affect our 24 Table of Contents operations by increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions and by limiting or prohibiting our ability to obtain additional financing for additional capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes. If we do not have sufficient cash upon conversion of the notes or to repurchase the notes if required by purchasers in accordance with the terms thereof, we would be in default under the terms of the notes, which could seriously harm our business. Although the terms of our credit facilities include certain covenants that potentially limit our future indebtedness, the terms of the notes do not. If we incur significantly more debt, this could intensify the risks described above. In addition, if we are unable to obtain financing to fund additional capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general corporate and other purposes on reasonable terms, or at all, then our business, operations and financial condition may be harmed. Because we currently do not intend to pay dividends, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our common stock only if it appreciates in value. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. As a result, the success of an investment in our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which stockholders have purchased their shares, and our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value. See the risk factor titled Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value above. Provisions of our charter, by-laws and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our charter, by-laws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to control or acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director; stockholders must provide advance notice, additional disclosures and representations and warranties to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting; and our board of directors can issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We must continue to enhance and maintain our processes and systems and adapt them as our business evolves, including as we expand into new markets, increase reliance on channel partners, complete acquisitions and we rearrange management responsibilities. This continuous process of maintaining and adapting our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive, time-consuming and requires significant management attention, and as our business changes our internal controls may become more complex and require additional resources to remain effective. In the past, we identified, and subsequently remediated, a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting; however, we cannot be certain that our internal control measures will provide adequate control over our financial processes and reporting or ensure compliance with Section 404, and we may identify additional material weaknesses in internal controls in the future. Failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, or the identification of additional material weaknesses by us or by our independent registered public accounting firm could harm our operating results, result in a restatement of prior-period financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, and adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in the periodic reports we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Furthermore, if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify any material weaknesses, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remediated, could reduce the market's confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. 