=== AKAM_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The following are important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Financial and Operational Risks Slowing, flat or limited revenue growth has in the past and may continue to negatively impact our profitability and stock price. The overall revenue growth we have enjoyed in recent years may not continue and could decline, negatively impacting our profitability and stock price. Our ability to generate revenue depends on the amount of services we deliver, continued growth in demand for our security, delivery and cloud computing solutions and our ability to maintain or increase the prices we charge for them. If we are unable to increase revenues, our profitability and stock price could suffer. Revenue from our delivery solutions is impacted by pricing pressure due to competition and fluctuations in content traffic as a result of, among other factors, changes in the popularity of our customers' content including video delivery and gaming, and economic pressures on our customers that can cause them to take steps to optimize their platforms, including through "do-it-yourself" ("DIY") initiatives or redistributing traffic among multiple providers. Such steps by our customers have in the past and may in the future reduce traffic on our network, negatively impacting revenue. Although the rate of decline has diminished in recent periods, we have continued to experience revenue declines in our delivery solutions, and ongoing competition, pricing pressure, and potential further shifts toward DIY or alternative sourcing strategies may continue to impact our delivery revenue. Our security solutions currently generate the largest portion of our revenue. Our ability to generate security revenue depends on our ability to increase our industry recognition as a provider of security solutions, navigate a highly competitive market, develop or acquire new solutions in a rapidly-changing environment where security threats are constantly evolving and ensure that our solutions operate effectively and are competitive with products offered by others, particularly as larger providers increasingly offer broader platforms of security services. Further, competition and pricing pressure has, and may continue to impact, revenue of certain of our security solutions, including during contract renewals. Reduced traffic levels on our network has in the past, and may in the future, negatively impact revenue from our security solutions. In addition, an increasing proportion of our revenue has been generated by our cloud computing solutions. Our ability to generate revenue in our cloud computing solutions depends on our ability to successfully continue building our compute platform, developing AI capabilities, attract a customer base that has traditionally partnered with more established companies in the cloud computing industry, develop effective, price competitive and attractive solutions and increase prices without reducing customer adoption, usage or retention. Global conditions have in the past and may in the future harm our industry, business and results of operations. Because we operate globally, our business, revenues and profitability are impacted by global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions. The success of our activities is affected by general economic, political and market conditions, including inflation, foreign exchange rates, interest rates, tax rates, economic uncertainty or contraction, political instability, warfare or acts of terrorism, public health crises, changes in laws, policy - and regulatory-related changes resulting from U.S. government actions and regulatory priorities, trade barriers including announced or expected tariffs, changes in export controls, the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of financial institutions, reduced consumer confidence and spending and economic and trade sanctions. Global economic and geopolitical conditions can impact our customers, potentially making non-U.S. companies reluctant to enter into contracts with U.S. providers or to permit cross-border data transfers. Such conditions can also cause customers to take cost-savings measures-such as optimization and DIY initiatives, reduction or delay of information technology spending, contract renegotiation and lengthening of procurement and sales cycles - which have in the past and may in the future negatively impact our revenues by reducing traffic on our network. The U.S. capital markets have recently experienced and may continue to experience extreme volatility and disruption, and inflation rates in the U.S. have been elevated compared to historical rates and have fluctuated. In addition, the current U.S. presidential administration has imposed or indicated an intention to impose tariffs or export controls (including on advanced computing and networking technologies and services) on certain countries that could further adversely impact trade relations, result in higher costs and decreased purchasing power of our customers, put increased pressure on supply chains and create general market instability. Such economic volatility has in the past and could in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and future market disruptions could negatively impact us. For example, these unfavorable economic conditions could slow our revenue growth or increase our operating costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. Geopolitical destabilization, 11 Table of Contents the escalation of international tensions and warfare have impacted and could continue to impact global currency exchange rates, resources from our suppliers, availability or pricing of energy and other inputs, our ability to compete effectively and our ability to operate or grow our business. Cybersecurity threats can also intensify during periods of geopolitical destabilization, increasing the risk of attempted attacks on our systems, suppliers and customers. Additionally, we have offices and employees located in regions that historically have and may again experience periods of political instability, warfare or acts of terrorism, public health crises, changes in laws, trade barriers, and economic and trade sanctions. Adverse conditions in these countries or actions by them to adopt policies that are unfavorable to other countries in which we operate have in the past and may in the future affect our operations, including by causing disruptions to our workforce, supply chains, networks, financial systems and other critical infrastructure, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For example, approximately six percent of our global employees are located in Israel, and have in the past been impacted by the Israel-Hamas war or other hostilities in and around or involving Israel. Any escalations or conflicts impacting Israel, including periodic escalations, could cause harm to our employees or otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time. Failure to control expenses could reduce our profitability, which would negatively impact our stock price. Maintaining or improving our profitability depends both on our ability to increase our revenue and limit our expenses. We base our decisions about expense levels and investments on estimates of our future revenue and future anticipated rates of growth and may incur varying levels of expense based on strategic initiatives, including acquisitions and the build out of our network to support our cloud computing solutions. In addition, many of our expenses are fixed costs for a certain amount of time which may impact our ability to reduce costs in a timely manner or without incurring additional costs. Further, we are subject to cost increases that we may not be able to successfully mitigate or pass on to our customers and we could lose customers who are unwilling to accept price increases, which could reduce our revenue. In particular, the capital requirements of the cloud computing industry can at times be significant. If we are unable to increase revenue, limit expenses, or manage increasing costs our results of operations will suffer. We have in the past and may in the future take certain steps to reduce expenses or to raise our prices to offset cost increases, however, there are no assurances that we will be able to effectively reduce or offset our expenses and such actions may negatively affect our ability to invest in our business for innovation, systems improvements and other initiatives. If we do not develop or acquire new solutions that are attractive to our customers, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. Innovation is important to our future success. In particular, as security and cloud computing solutions have become, and are expected to continue to be, an important part of our business, we must be particularly adept at developing new security solutions that meet the constantly-changing threat landscape and cloud computing, compute-to-edge and AI inference solutions that meet the needs of professional users and enterprises looking to increase the utility of the internet for their business. The process of developing new solutions and product enhancements is complex, lengthy and uncertain and has become increasingly complex due to the sophistication of our customers’ needs. The development timetable is uncertain and we may commit significant resources to developing solutions for which a viable market may not develop. For example, we are investing significant resources in our cloud computing solutions and platform, working on expanding capacity, adding additional sites and developing increased cloud computing features and functionality. Success in these efforts is not guaranteed and will largely depend on our ability to create products that are competitive in the enterprise market, source additional co-location facilities, manage an uncertain supply chain for server related hardware and adapt our offerings to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, including those related to AI workloads. In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, delays in developing and releasing new products and product enhancements. This could cause our expenses to grow more rapidly than our revenue. Trying to innovate through acquisition can be costly and with uncertain prospects for success; attractive acquisition targets may be too expensive for us to pursue, which could cause us to pursue more time-consuming internal development. Failure to develop or acquire, on a cost-effective basis, innovative or enhanced solutions that are attractive to customers and profitable to us could have a material detrimental effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we are unable to compete effectively and adapt to changing market conditions, our business will be adversely affected. We compete in markets that are intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Our current and potential competitors vary by size, product offerings and geographic region and range from start-ups that offer solutions competing with a discrete part of our business to large technology or telecommunications companies that offer, or may be planning to introduce, products and 12 Table of Contents services that are broadly competitive with what we do. The primary competitive factors in our market are differentiation of technology, global presence, quality of solutions, reliability, long-term product roadmap, data center maintenance and acquisition, supply chain resilience, customer service, technical expertise, security, ease-of-use, breadth of services offered, price and financial strength. Ultimately, any type of increased competition could result in price and revenue reductions, loss of customers and loss of market share or inability to penetrate new markets, each of which could materially impact our business, profitability, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, broader product portfolios, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. This is particularly true with respect to our AI and cloud computing solutions, as a small number of very large competitors have established themselves as incumbents in these industries and exert significant purchasing power and priority access to servers, memory, co-location capacity and power. As a result, some competitors have in the past and may in the future be able to: develop superior products or services; leverage better name recognition, particularly in the security and cloud computing markets; enter new markets more easily or better manage the impact of changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions and industry pressures; gain greater market acceptance for their products and services; enter into long-term contracts with our potential customers; increase their points of presence and proximity to enterprise data centers and end users faster than us; secure server components (including memory), co-location space and power on preferred terms and with priority access, which can constrain industry supply and increase our costs; expand their offerings more efficiently and more rapidly; bundle their products that are competitive with ours with other solutions they offer in a way that makes our offerings less appealing to, or more costly for, current and potential customers; more quickly adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements; take advantage of acquisition, investment and other opportunities more readily; offer lower prices than ours, including at levels that may not be profitable for us to match; spend more money on the promotion, marketing and sales of their products and services; offer higher salaries to talented professionals which may impact our ability to hire or retain engineering and other personnel; and implement shorter sales cycles with customers and prospects. Smaller and more nimble competitors have in the past and may in the future be able to: attract customers by offering less sophisticated versions of products and services than we provide at lower prices than those we charge; develop new business models that are disruptive to us; and respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies, changes in customer requirements and market and industry developments, resulting in superior offerings. We and other companies that compete in this industry and these markets experience continually shifting business relationships, reputations, commercial focuses and business priorities, all of which occur in reaction to industry and market forces and the emergence of new opportunities. These shifts have led or could lead to our customers or partners becoming our competitors; customers implementing multi-vendor policies and seeking out one or more of our competitors to provide content and application delivery or security protection services; network suppliers no longer seeking to work with us; and technology companies that previously did not appear to show interest in the markets we seek to address entering into those markets as our competitors. With this constantly changing environment, we may face operational difficulties in adjusting to the changes or our core strategies could become obsolete. Any of these or other developments could harm our business. Defects or disruptions in our products and IT systems could require us to increase spending on upgrading systems, diminish demand for our solutions or subject us to substantial liability. Our solutions are highly complex and are designed to be deployed in and across numerous large and complex networks that we do not control. From time to time, we have needed to correct errors and defects in the proprietary and open-source software that underlies our platform that have given rise to service incidents, outages and disruptions or otherwise impacted our operations. We have in the past and could in the future face the loss of customers from these incidents as they seek alternative or supplemental providers. We have also periodically experienced customer dissatisfaction with the quality of some of our delivery, security, cloud computing and other services, which has led to a loss of business and could lead to a loss of customers in the future. Furthermore, most of our customer agreements contain service level commitments. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we have in the past and may in the future be obligated to provide credits for future service, or face contract termination with refunds of prepaid amounts, which could harm our business. We may not have in place adequate quality assurance procedures to ensure that we detect errors in our hardware, software and open-source components that we use in a timely manner, and we may have insufficient resources to efficiently address multiple service incidents happening simultaneously or in rapid succession. If we are unable to efficiently and cost-effectively fix errors or other problems that we identify and improve the quality of our solutions or systems, or if there are unidentified errors that allow persons to improperly access our services or systems, we could experience litigation, the need to issue credits 13 Table of Contents to customers, loss of revenue and market share, damage to our reputation, diversion of management attention, increased expenses, reduced profitability and other negative consequences which could harm our business. Defects in our security solutions or human error could lead to negative publicity, loss of business, damages payments to customers, diminishing customer appeal and other negative consequences which could harm our business. As our solutions are adopted by an increasing number of enterprises and governments, it is possible that the adversaries behind advanced malicious actions will specifically focus on finding ways to defeat our products and services. If they are successful, we could experience a serious impact on our reputation and financial condition as a provider of security solutions. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our own competing cloud computing offering. The rapid development and deployment of new compute infrastructure—both hardware and software—bears the risk of bugs and unforeseen failures that could affect our reputation and ability to execute our strategies. The risks of such bugs and unforeseen failures introduced to our compute platform by our customers who control many aspects of their use of our cloud computing services and experimental technologies could affect our reputation, ability to execute our strategies and our financial condition. It is also uncertain whether our strategies to develop and deploy our own competing cloud computing offering will attract additional customers or generate enough revenue to be successful. The costs related to these efforts may also reduce the gross and operating margins we have previously achieved . Failure to adequately and rapidly deploy additional points of presence, increased proximity to enterprise data centers and end users and develop competitive offerings could result in negative publicity, loss of business, diminishing customer appeal and other negative consequences which could harm our business. Our business relies on our data systems, traffic measurement systems, billing systems, ordering processes and other operational and financial reporting and control systems. We also rely on third-party software for certain essential operational services and a failure or disruption in these services could materially and adversely affect our ability to manage our business effectively. All of these systems have become increasingly complex due to the complexity of our business, use of third-party software and services, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems and changing regulation over controls and procedures. As a result, these systems have in the past and could in the future generate errors that impact traffic measurement or invoicing, revenue recognition and financial forecasting or other parts of our business. We will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, traffic measurement systems, billing systems, ordering processes and other operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, which may be difficult and costly. If we are unable to adapt our systems and organization in a timely, efficient and cost-effective manner to accommodate changing circumstances, our business may be adversely affected. Cybersecurity breaches and attacks on us, our contractors or our third-party vendors, as well as steps we need to take in an effort to prevent them, can lead to significant costs and disruptions that would harm our business, financial results and reputation. We and the third-parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats, which could cause cybersecurity incidents and/or data breaches, such as cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud and other similar activities. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect and come from a variety of sources and may be enhanced or facilitated by AI. We regularly face attempts to gain unauthorized access or deliver malicious software to Akamai's platforms, products and services and our internal IT systems, with the goal of stealing proprietary information related to our business, products, employees and customers; disrupting our systems and services or those of our customers or others; or demanding ransom to return control of such systems and services. These attempts take a variety of forms, including DDoS attacks, infrastructure attacks, botnets, malicious file uploads, computer malware, application abuse, credential abuse, social engineering (including phishing attacks), ransomware, bugs, viruses, worms malicious software programs, business email compromises, misuse of employee credentials and wrongful conduct by insider employees or vendors, all of which may be enhanced or facilitated by AI. Further, attempts to disrupt or gain unauthorized access to our and our third-party vendors’ information systems from malicious third parties or insider threats may incorporate widely varying and frequently changing tactics, which may be enhanced or facilitated by AI. Malicious actors are known to attempt to fraudulently induce employees and suppliers to disclose sensitive information through illegal electronic spamming, phishing or other tactics. Other parties may attempt to gain unauthorized physical access to our facilities in order to infiltrate our internal-use information systems. Furthermore, nation state and hacktivist attacks against us or our customers have in the past and may in the future intensify during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions or armed conflict, such as the ongoing war in Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas war and the escalation of military conflict between Israel and Iran, as well as broader military confrontations involving the United States. We may not be able to anticipate the techniques used in such attacks, as they change frequently and may not be recognized until launched. The rapidly changing technological and geopolitical landscape may also create new, unexpected, or unknown risks for which we may not immediately be prepared, requiring increased risk mitigation expenditures. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that such terms are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our privacy and data security obligations. Further, 14 Table of Contents although we maintain cyber liability insurance, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities related to any experienced cybersecurity incident or breach. Like other companies in our industry, we, and our third-party providers, have experienced and will continue to experience threats and cybersecurity incidents relating to our information technology systems and infrastructure. For example, we have discovered vulnerabilities in software and hardware used in our technology, such as the AMD "Inception" vulnerability identified in mid-2023 that potentially impacted a large portion of the internet ecosystem, and may have other undiscovered vulnerabilities. Vulnerabilities, resident in software, hardware or configurations, have in the past and may in the future require significant operational efforts to mitigate and may persist for extended periods of time and the effects of any such vulnerability could be exacerbated. Similar security risks exist with respect to acquired companies, our business partners and the third-party vendors that we rely on for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions. As a result, we are subject to risks that the activities of our business partners and third-party vendors may adversely affect our business even if an attack or breach does not directly target our systems. To protect our corporate and deployed networks, we aim to continuously engineer more secure solutions, enhance security and reliability features, improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities, develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network and services. For example, our efforts to continually enhance the security and reliability of our globally distributed infrastructure, customer applications and corporate systems comprise various initiatives and mitigation efforts, including upgrading access and configuration controls; improving security instrumentation, monitoring, detection and prevention tools; enhancing software inventory and tracking and patching systems; upgrading encryption processes and protections; enhancing authorization methods in applications; enhancing data loss prevention and endpoint security management capabilities; upgrading vulnerability identification, assessment and remediation processes and technologies; and enhancing the security of passwords and other credentials, as applicable and appropriate. Our efforts to engineer more secure solutions are frequently costly, with a negative impact on near-term profitability, and may be unsuccessful in preventing security incidents that may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. For example, with the acquisition of Linode Limited Liability Company ("Linode"), we continue to adapt procedures for mitigating risks that have in the past or may in the future materialize, including any harms that may arise from abuse of our cloud computing products. If we fail to mitigate these harms or if there is a significant cybersecurity event using our cloud computing products or our cloud computing products are perceived to be less reliable than our competitors, it could result in loss of customers and reputational damage. Any actual, alleged or perceived breach of network security in our systems or networks, or any other actual, alleged or perceived outage, compromise or data security incident we, our customers or our third-party suppliers suffer, has in the past and could in the future result in legal reporting obligations; damage to our reputation; negative publicity; loss of channel partners, customers and sales; loss of revenue; loss of competitive advantages; increased costs to remedy any problems and otherwise respond to any incident; regulatory investigations and enforcement actions and fines; costly litigation; and other liabilities. If we cannot maintain compatibility with our customers’ IT infrastructure, including their chosen third-party services, our business will be harmed. Our products interoperate with our customers' IT infrastructures that often have different specifications, utilize diverse technology and require compatibility with multiple communication protocols. Therefore, the functionality of our technology often needs to have, and maintain, compatibility with our customers' technology environment, including their chosen third-party technology. Aspects of our technology's compatibility with our customers' technology is dependent on our customers because our customers, and in particular those who implement third-party applications within their environments, may change features, restrict our access to, or alter their applications within their discretion and in a manner that causes incompatibilities or causes us significant costs to maintain compatibility. Such changes could functionally limit or prevent the compatibility of our products with our customers’ IT infrastructure, which would negatively affect adoption of our products and harm our business. If we fail to update our products to achieve compatibility with new third-party applications that our customers use, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need, which would harm our business. We face risks associated with global operations that could harm our business. A significant portion of our hiring, new customers and revenue growth in recent years has been attributable to our business outside the U.S. Our operations in international countries subject us to risks that may increase our costs, impact our financial results, disrupt our operations or make our operations less efficient and require significant managem

=== AKAM_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth in this section and the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. • Our revenue growth may slow, remain flat or decline, negatively impacting our profitability and stock price, due to pricing pressure from competition, customer optimization initiatives, “do-it-yourself” strategies by large customers and reduced traffic on our network. • Global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including inflation, elevated interest rates, tariffs, trade restrictions, energy costs, supply disruptions, economic uncertainty, and international tensions, have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect customer demand, our costs and the pricing of our services. • Our global operations subject us to risks that could harm our business, including geopolitical instability, warfare and armed conflict, physical attacks on data centers or critical infrastructure, foreign currency fluctuations, regulatory complexity and challenges in managing a geographically dispersed workforce. • We face intense competition from companies in our markets, which may result in pricing pressure, loss of customers, or inability to grow our security, delivery and other cloud applications and cloud infrastructure services. • We and the third parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving cybersecurity threats, including threats enhanced by increasingly capable AI tools, that could cause security incidents or data breaches, resulting in significant costs, legal liability, regulatory enforcement, reputational harm and loss of business. • Defects, errors or service disruptions in our platform, products, internal systems or third-party technology we rely upon could lead to customer losses, liability and harm to our business. • We may not be successful in our AI initiatives, which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results; our use of AI may also introduce operational, security, intellectual property and regulatory risks. • Evolving privacy regulations, including international data transfer restrictions, data localization requirements and “digital sovereignty” frameworks, could negatively impact our profitability and business operations. • Other regulatory developments, including those affecting the internet, content liability, AI, cloud services or critical infrastructure, as well as potential amendments to Section 230 and emerging AI governance laws, could negatively impact our business or increase our exposure to legal liability. • Our business strategy depends on the ability to source adequate transmission capacity, co-location facilities and equipment; failure to access those resources, including due to competition, supply constraints, tariff-driven cost increases or infrastructure damage, could lead to loss of revenue and service disruptions. • Acquisitions and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties, dilution, diversion of management attention and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 41 Table of Contents • If we are unable to recruit and retain key employees and qualified sales, research and development, technical, marketing and support personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. • Our restructuring and reorganization activities may be disruptive to our operations and harm our business. • Our stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and your investment could lose value. • Any failure to meet our debt obligations would damage our business; we have significant debt, and our ability to repay or refinance this debt depends on factors beyond our control. Financial and Operational Risks Slowing, flat or limited revenue growth has in the past and may continue to negatively impact our profitability and stock price. The overall revenue growth we have enjoyed in recent years may not continue and could decline, negatively impacting our profitability and stock price. Our ability to generate revenue depends on the amount of services we deliver, continued growth in demand for our security, delivery and other cloud applications and cloud infrastructure services solutions and our ability to maintain or increase the prices we charge for them. If we are unable to increase revenues, our profitability and stock price could suffer. Revenue from our delivery and other cloud applications solutions is impacted by pricing pressure due to competition and fluctuations in content traffic as a result of, among other factors, changes in the popularity of our customers' content including video delivery and gaming, and economic pressures on our customers that can cause them to take steps to optimize their platforms, including through "do-it-yourself" ("DIY") initiatives or redistributing traffic among multiple providers. Such steps by our customers have in the past and may in the future reduce traffic on our network, negatively impacting revenue. Although the rate of decline has diminished in recent periods, we have continued to experience revenue declines in our delivery and other cloud applications solutions, and ongoing competition, pricing pressure, and potential further shifts toward DIY or alternative sourcing strategies may continue to impact our delivery revenue. Our security solutions currently generate the largest portion of our revenue. Our ability to generate security revenue depends on our ability to increase our industry recognition as a provider of security solutions, navigate a highly competitive market, develop or acquire new solutions in a rapidly-changing environment where security threats are constantly evolving and ensure that our solutions operate effectively and are competitive with products offered by others, particularly as larger providers increasingly offer broader platforms of security services. Further, competition and pricing pressure has, and may continue to impact, revenue of certain of our security solutions, including during contract renewals. Reduced traffic levels on our network has in the past, and may in the future, negatively impact revenue from our security solutions. In addition, an increasing proportion of our revenue has been generated by our cloud infrastructure services solutions. Our ability to generate revenue in our cloud infrastructure services solutions depends on our ability to successfully continue building our platform, developing AI capabilities, attract a customer base that has traditionally partnered with more established companies in the cloud computing industry, develop effective, price competitive and attractive solutions and increase prices without reducing customer adoption, usage or retention. Global conditions have in the past and may in the future harm our industry, business and results of operations. Because we operat