=== AVGO_2026-03-02.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0001730168 0001730168 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 2020-11-02 2021-10-31 0001730168 2023-10-30 2024-11-03 0001730168 2022-10-31 2023-10-29 0001730168 2021-11-01 2022-10-30 0001730168 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 3 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 4 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 5 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 1 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 0001730168 2 2024-11-04 2025-11-02 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 BROADCOM INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date: April 20, 2026 Vote via the Internet www.proxyvote.com Vote by Telephone In the U.S. or Canada (800) 690-6903 Vote by Mail Complete, sign, date and return your proxy card in the postage-paid envelope Time: 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time Place: 3421 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304 Record Date: February 24, 2026 Items of Business: 1. To elect each of the eight director nominees until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors have been elected. 2. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of Broadcom for the fiscal year ending November 1, 2026. 3. To hold an advisory vote to approve the named executive officer compensation. 4. To transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any postponements or adjournments to the annual meeting. These items of business are described more fully in the accompanying proxy statement. On or about March 2, 2026, we are mailing to Broadcom s stockholders at the close of business on the Record Date a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Your vote is important. Regardless of whether you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote via the Internet, by telephone or by mail to ensure you are represented at the Annual Meeting. Instructions for using these voting methods are set forth on the proxy card or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Please refer to Additional Meeting Information for instructions on how to register for and attend the Annual Meeting. Important notice of internet availability of proxy materials: The notice of the annual meeting, proxy statement and annual report are available at https://investors.broadcom.com. By Order of the Board, Hock E. Tan President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 2, 2026 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Letter from the Chairman of the Board 1 Proxy Statement Summary 2 Corporate Governance 5 Board of Directors 10 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 18 Proposal 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 23 Audit Committee Report 25 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 26 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 27 Compensation Committee Report 49 Executive Compensation 50 CEO Pay Ratio 60 Pay Versus Performance 61 Equity Compensation Plan Information 64 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Executive Officers 65 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 67 Additional Meeting Information 68 Other Matters 72 Appendix A Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures A-1 This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements, including statements that address our expected future business and financial performance, and other statements identified by words such as will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, should, intend, plan, potential, predict, project, aim and similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections, and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the uncertainties that affect our business under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 2, 2025 and subsequent filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this proxy statement, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement. We undertake no responsibility to update these statements, except as required by law. i Table of Contents LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Dear Broadcom stockholders: On behalf of the Board, I want to thank you for your continued commitment to Broadcom. I also want to provide you with several updates in connection with the upcoming Annual Meeting. Financial Performance Fiscal 2025 was another strong year for Broadcom. Broadcom achieved record revenue of $63.9 billion, record cash from operations of $27.5 billion and record free cash flow of $26.9 billion. The momentum for our AI semiconductor solutions continued in fiscal 2025 due to the unprecedented demand for compute and AI infrastructure. AI semiconductor revenue in fiscal 2025 grew 65% year-over-year to $20.2 billion and drove our semiconductor revenue to $36.9 billion. We also released VMware Cloud Foundation 9.0 in June 2025, which drove our infrastructure software revenue to $27.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Our record achievements in fiscal 2025 are a testament to the steadfast leadership of our executives and their laser-focused execution of our existing and new business models and strategies. Board Composition My fellow Board members and I would like to thank Eddy Hartenstein for his invaluable contribution to Broadcom and the Board since joining the Board after the acquisition of Broadcom Corporation in February 2016. After ten years of dedicated service on the Board, including eight years as Lead Independent Director, Mr. Hartenstein will retire from the Board upon the conclusion of his term at the upcoming Annual Meeting. Continued Leadership The technology industry is undergoing a profound transformation due to AI and our stockholders have expressed their support in securing the continued leadership of Broadcom President and CEO Hock Tan through this transformation. After careful consideration, the Board granted Mr. Tan a PSU award in September 2025 to extend his leadership of Broadcom through fiscal 2030. More information about Mr. Tan s new PSU award, as well as his post-vesting holding requirement, is provided below in Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Succession Planning The Board continues to focus on and be actively engaged in CEO succession planning. We have provided below more information about the Board s approach to CEO succession planning in Corporate Governance . Stockholder Engagement and Responsiveness We continued our robust stockholder engagement program in 2025 and met with our stockholders prior to the 2025 annual meeting and after granting Mr. Tan the new PSU award. More information about our engagement with our stockholders and our responsiveness to their concerns is provided below in Corporate Governanc e and Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Your continued support and vote are important to us. We encourage you to read this Proxy Statement and vote your shares. Sincerely, Henry Samueli, Ph.D. Chairman of the Board 1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Your proxy is being solicited by the Board of Directors of Broadcom Inc. (the Board ) in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). We are making the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Internet Notice ), this proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ) with the proxy card and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 2, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ) available to stockholders at the close of business on February 24, 2026 (the Record Date ) on or about March 2, 2026. This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. We encourage you to review the entire Proxy Statement before voting. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Proxy Statement to Broadcom, we, our, us and similar terms are to Broadcom Inc. PROPOSALS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS Proposal Board Recommendation Page 1. To elect each of the eight director nominees until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors have been elected FOR each director nominee 18 2. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of Broadcom for the fiscal year ending November 1, 2026 FOR 23 3. To hold an advisory vote to approve the named executive officer compensation FOR 26 DIRECTOR NOMINEES Name Independent Diane M. Bryant Gayla J. Delly Kenneth Y. Hao Check Kian Low Justine F. Page Henry Samueli, Ph.D. (Chairman of the Board) Hock E. Tan (President CEO) Harry L. You 2 Table of Contents FISCAL 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Total Stockholder Return and Return of Capital Our total stockholder return ( TSR ) continues to significantly outperform the S P 500 and our compensation peer group. Over the five-year period through fiscal 2025, we delivered a TSR of 1,082%, and our market capitalization increased from $141.4 billion to $1.7 trillion. *TSR assumes $100 investment in Broadcom common stock on the last trading day of fiscal 2020 and reinvestment of dividends. In addition, we returned an aggregate of $13.6 billion to our stockholders during fiscal 2025, consisting of $11.1 billion in cash dividends and $2.5 billion in stock repurchases. Furthermore, our strong free cash flow in fiscal 2025 enabled us to increase our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.65 per share in our first quarter of fiscal 2026, an increase of 10% over the quarterly dividends paid in fiscal 2025. Financial Performance Our record revenue, cash from operations and free cash flow in fiscal 2025 were driven by our AI semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software solutions from our acquisition of VMware, Inc. ( VMware ). Due to the increase in our custom accelerator business, our AI semiconductor revenue increased 65% from $12.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to $20.2 billion in fiscal 2025 and represented 55% of our fiscal 2025 semiconductor revenue of $36.9 billion. With the strong adoption of our VMware Cloud Foundation, our infrastructure software revenue increased 26% from $21.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to $27.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Record Revenue Record Cash From Operations Record Free Cash Flow* $63.9B $27.5B $26.9B +24%YoY +38%YoY +39%YoY *See Appendix A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 3 Table of Contents FISCAL 2025 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Our executive compensation program is designed to (i) reward our executive officers for growing and sustaining stockholder value consistent with our long-term strategic plan, (ii) align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders and (iii) attract, motivate and retain critical talent in a highly competitive talent market. In line with our executive compensation program philosophy, design and objectives, 96% of our Chief Executive Officer s ( CEO ) and 95% of our other named executive officers ( NEOs ) average annualized target total compensation in fiscal 2025 is comprised of variable compensation, with a majority tied to long-term stock price performance (based on the annualized value of their equity awards and assuming target performance level attainment) as shown in the charts below. For Mr. Tan, as the PSU award granted to him in fiscal 2023 covers five years of annual equity awards, including fiscal 2025, the long-term incentive component of the CEO chart reflects the annualized value of that PSU award. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compensation Program below for more information. 4 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to strong corporate governance and have designed our corporate governance framework to support the long-term interests of our stockholders, as well as our workforce, customers and communities. Some of our key governance practices include the following: Proxy access Annual election of all directors Ability to call special meetings by two or more stockholders holding at least 10% of outstanding shares Annual review of Board refreshment and composition No supermajority voting requirements for bylaw amendments Strong independent Board 7 of 8 nominees are independent No poison pill Separate Chairman and CEO roles Annual say-on-pay vote Majority vote for directors in uncontested election Robust stock ownership guidelines for all executive officers and directors Independent directors regularly meet in executive session No hedging of stock by employees and directors Annual Board and committee evaluations No pledging of stock by employees or, unless a limited exception is approved, by executive officers or directors Active CEO and senior management succession review CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT Our Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code of Ethics ) that is applicable to all members of our Board, employees, including executive officers, and certain contractors and consultants of Broadcom and its subsidiaries. The Code of Ethics guides us in how we conduct our business and work with each other, and reflects our values, standards and expectations. Any amendments to or waivers given to our executive officers or directors under the Code of Ethics will be disclosed on our website to the extent required under the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules or Nasdaq Stock Market ( Nasdaq ) listing standards. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available in the Investor Center Corporate Governance section of our website or upon request to: Investor Relations, Broadcom Inc., 3421 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES Our Board has adopted the Corporate Governance Guidelines that cover various topics relating to our Board and its activities. A copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines is available in the Investor Center Corporate Governance section of our website or upon request to: Investor Relations, Broadcom Inc., 3421 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304. A summary of our key governance practices in the Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth below. Protections Against Overboarding To ensure that our directors are not over-committed and have sufficient time to fulfill their duties and responsibilities on our Board effectively, directors may not serve on more than four other public company boards without prior approval, except that a director who also serves as the chief executive officer of a public company should not serve on more than a total of three public company boards (including our Board). The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the NCG Committee ) regularly reviews the commitments of our directors, including the number of other public company directorships and the profile of the public companies. When considering any requests to serve on additional public company boards, our Board, with the NCG Committee, carefully reviews such director s prior time and attention to our Board and ability to continue to dedicate sufficient time to fulfill the responsibilities required as a member of our Board. Our Board also considers such director s contributions to our Board and whether such director s service with the other public company boards will impact service on our Board and the committees on which the director is a member, including if the other public company is a special purpose acquisition company. 5 Table of Contents Resignation Offered with Significant Job Change Any director who retires from or terminates his or her present employment or who materially changes his or her position is required to submit an offer of resignation as a director of our Board. Our Board will then evaluate whether such director should continue as a director of our Board in light of the new occupational status. Our Board, following review by the NCG Committee, may invite any such director to remain a director if our Board determines that the director s continued service is in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. Resignation Offered at Age 75 Our Board does not currently believe that a mandatory retirement age for non-employee directors is necessary and believes that continued service by a particular director may be in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. However, when a non-employee director reaches 75 years of age, the director is required to offer his or her resignation to our Board, to be effective as of the next annual meeting of stockholders. Our Board will then determine whether or not to accept such offer of resignation based on the needs of our Board, including the composition of our Board, and the interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES The Compensation Committee has put in place robust stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors and executive officers as outlined below: Position Stock Ownership Non-Employee Director 5x Annual Cash Retainer CEO 6x Base Salary Other Executive Officers 3x Base Salary Shares owned outright or indirectly beneficially owned, as well as unvested restricted stock unit ( RSU ) awards and earned-but-unvested performance stock unit ( PSU ) awards, count towards achieving the stock ownership guidelines. If stock options are granted, shares subject to unexercised stock options would not count towards achieving the stock ownership guidelines. Our non-employee directors and executive officers are expected to satisfy the applicable stock ownership guidelines within five years after the date on which they become a director or an executive officer and hold at least such minimum value in shares of common stock while they remain a director or an executive officer. Based on the closing price of Broadcom common stock on the Record Date, all of our non-employee directors and executive officers have met the level of ownership in our stock ownership guidelines. RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING OUR SECURITIES Insider Trading Compliance Policy Broadcom has adopted an Insider Trading Compliance Policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other transactions of our securities by our directors, officers and employees, and Broadcom itself. A copy of our Insider Trading Compliance Policy was filed as an exhibit to our 2025 Annual Report. Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Restrictions Our Insider Trading Compliance Policy prohibits all members of our Board and employees, including executive officers, from hedging Broadcom securities, including using calls, options, puts, collars or other instruments to hedge or offset decreases in the market value of Broadcom securities, short selling Broadcom securities, trading in derivative securities related to Broadcom securities or pledging Broadcom securities as collateral for loans. Only upon approval by the NCG Committee and our Board and the establishment of conditional parameters by our Board may a director or an executive officer receive a limited exception to pledge Broadcom securities as collateral for a loan. In evaluating any request for a limited exception, the NCG Committee and our Board assess, among other factors they deem relevant, the proposed amount of Broadcom securities to be pledged, the risks associated with the proposed transaction, the key terms of the 6 Table of Contents proposed transaction and the purpose of the proposed transaction. Except for Dr. Samueli as provided below, no other executive officer or director, or any of their immediate family members, has pledged shares of Broadcom common stock. Upon a request by Dr. Samueli in fiscal 2024 to pledge shares of Broadcom common stock as collateral for loans, the NCG Committee and our Board carefully reviewed and, following approval by the NCG Committee, our Board approved a framework for Dr. Samueli to enter into a pledging arrangement that enables Dr. Samueli to access the funds necessary to pursue a development project called OCVIBE in Orange County, California (as further described below), while also allowing Dr. Samueli to continue to own the pledged shares. The pledging arrangement allows Dr. Samueli to retain his Broadcom common stock, or, if he chooses, to engage in an orderly disposition of his Broadcom common stock over time to extinguish the pledge. Under the approved framework, (i) the total number of shares of Broadcom common stock pledged must not exceed 25% of the total number of shares of Broadcom common stock beneficially owned by Dr. Samueli at the time of entering into the pledging arrangement and (ii) the aggregate loan amount collateralized by such pledged shares must not exceed 12.5% of the fair market value of the total number of shares of Broadcom common stock beneficially owned by Dr. Samueli at the time of entering into the pledging arrangement. Any proposed modification to these parameters or entry into a new pledging arrangement would require a new approval by the NCG Committee and our Board. Pursuant to our Board s approval of this limited exception, Dr. Samueli has pledged shares of Broadcom common stock to secure loans for a development project called OCVIBE in Orange County, California, that aims to create jobs, affordable housing and a central community hub for Orange County and its surrounding communities. On November 15, 2024, Dr. Samueli pledged 16,175,000 shares of Broadcom common stock (the Pledged Shares ), which, at that time, represented approximately 18% of the total shares beneficially owned by Dr. Samueli and 0.3% of the total outstanding shares of Broadcom common stock. Our Board was advised by outside counsel of the Board s responsibilities in connection with its determination whether to grant a limited exception to the policy prohibiting pledging of Broadcom securities, the potential risks associated with Dr. Samueli s pledging arrangement, including the possibility the pledge could result in a forced sale of the Pledged Shares, and the developments in other issuers practices and policies with respect to pledging. The NCG Committee and our Board considered the following factors, among others, at that time and continue to believe that Dr. Samueli s pledging arrangement does not pose a material risk to Broadcom or our stockholders, in part because: The Pledged Shares are not being used for the purpose of shifting or hedging Dr. Samueli s economic risk in owning Broadcom common stock. The approval of a limited exception allows Dr. Samueli to retain a substantial equity interest in Broadcom while supporting the development of the Orange County community and its surrounding communities. If our Board had not permitted Dr. Samueli to pledge a portion of his shares of Broadcom common stock, he likely would have chosen, at the time of the pledge, to instead dispose of his shares of Broadcom common stock to fund the development project. The aggregate number of shares of Broadcom common stock pledged by Dr. Samueli in relation to the total number of shares of Broadcom common stock outstanding continues to be small, representing only 0.3% of Broadcom s outstanding shares as of February 24, 2026. Even if the Pledged Shares were to be sold, Dr. Samueli would still easily be in compliance with Broadcom s stock ownership requirements. Excluding the Pledged Shares, Dr. Samueli s ownership of Broadcom common stock as of February 24, 2026 is approximately 43,017 times the amount he is required to hold under Broadcom s stock ownership guidelines. Our Board continues to believe that Dr. Samueli has the financial capacity to repay the loans, which are less than the value of the Pledged Shares, without resorting to selling a significant majority of the Broadcom common stock owned by Dr. Samueli. Based on the closing price of Broadcom common stock on November 15, 2024, the value of the Pledged Shares was approximately $2.7 billion. Dr. Samueli has been a long-term holder of Broadcom common stock and received almost all of his Broadcom common stock pursuant to Broadcom s acquisition of Broadcom Corporation, which Dr. Samueli co-founded. None of the Pledged Shares were acquired through a Broadcom stock plan. Since the acquisition of Broadcom Corporation in February 2016, Dr. Samueli has demonstrated a history of alignment with the long-term best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. 7 Table of Contents SUCCESSION PLANNING Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board is responsible for the development and regular review of a comprehensive succession plan for our CEO and senior management. Our Board believes that the full Board, including our CEO, should be actively engaged and involved in CEO and senior management succession planning, with the goal of business and operational continuity and sustaining long-term value for our stockholders. CEO succession planning is a top priority for our Board. Our Board discusses CEO succession planning regularly during executive sessions and has developed both a longer-term CEO succession plan and an interim contingency CEO succession plan. Our Board reviews the longer-term CEO succession plan annually. The longer-term CEO succession plan includes the identification and assessment of internal candidates and, as appropriate, the identification of external candidates. The longer-term CEO succession plan is currently focused on the development of high-potential internal candidates identified thus far, maintaining business and operational continuity, and sustaining long-term value for our stockholders. Our Board, including our CEO, works with our Vice President of Human Resources and an external advisor to assess the skills, experience, achievements and competencies of the internal candidates. This robust assessment provides a thorough review of the internal candidates strengths and areas for development and improvement. The purpose of the assessment is to evaluate whether the internal candidates already possess or can develop the skills and attributes that our Board believes are necessary to lead a large global technology company whose market capitalization is greater than $1 trillion and increase stockholder value. The experience, skills and attributes our Board considers necessary to succeed in the CEO position include, among others, strategic vision and leadership, technical expertise, disciplined management of operating costs and expenses, and execution of M A and other strategic transactions. Based on the assessment, the external advisor creates a development plan for the internal candidates that is reviewed by our Board, including our CEO, and includes their input and feedback. Throughout the year, the internal candidates are given opportunities and exposure to develop and improve their competencies outside of their area of responsibility and expertise. The internal candidates and senior management also present to our Board at least annually and interact with our Board informally outside of the regularly scheduled Board meetings, which provide our Board with numerous opportunities to meet the internal candidates and senior management. Our Board, including our CEO, annually reviews the development plans and the progress of the internal candidates and provides input and feedback. The interim contingency CEO succession plan that our Board developed would utilize internal candidates and become effective only in the event our CEO is unexpectedly unable to perform his duties. The interim contingency CEO succession plan is intended to minimize potential disruption to the business and preserve business and operational continuity. Our Board also reviews annually the internal candidates for the interim contingency CEO succession plan and identifies an internal candidate should our CEO unexpectedly become unable to perform his duties. Our Board, including our CEO, also regularly reviews senior management succession planning and the composition of senior management with our Vice President of Human Resources. If a succession plan is implemented for a member of senior management, our Board would participate in the discussion and consideration of any action with our CEO and Vice President of Human Resources. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Our Board, through the NCG Committee, oversees our corporate responsibility program. The NCG Committee receives quarterly updates from management on these matters and regularly updates our Board. Our Board also reviews our annual corporate responsibility report (the Report ), which includes information about our products that help our customers achieve better performance with less power, our human rights program within our supply chain, our environmental impact and our talented and dedicated workforce. We plan to publish our next Report in March 2026, which will be located in the Corporate Responsibility and the Investor Center sections of our website. The Report and our website are not part of or incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. 8 Table of Contents STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Stockholder Engagement Prior to the 2025 Annual Meeting 52% Stockholders representing 52% of common stock were contacted 35% Stockholders representing 35% of common stock provided feedback 13 Our Compensation Committee Chair participated in 13 meetings with stockholders Our Compensation Committee Chair on behalf of our Board led our engagement Our Board values open and ongoing engagement with our stockholders to better understand our stockholders views on various matters, including executive compensation, succession planning, risk oversight and corporate responsibility. Our Board engages annually with our stockholders to obtain their feedback and for our Board to consider a range of perspectives. Prior to the 2025 annual meeting, we contacted our stockholders representing over 52% of our common stock outstanding. Our Compensation Committee Chair, on behalf of our Board, and representatives from the management engagement team met with 13 stockholders representing 35% of our common stock outstanding. In these meetings, we continued to engage on our executive compensation program and CEO succession planning. All of the stockholders we met with acknowledged our responsiveness to our stockholders concerns in the proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting, which was reflected in the 92% of votes cast in favor of the 2025 Say-on-Pay proposal. All of the stockholders also reiterated their acknowledgment of Mr. Tan s history of strong leadership that has generated significant stockholder value during the most recent and longer-term performance periods. Stockholder Engagement After the 2025 Annual Meeting We proactively contacted our stockholders after the 2025 annual meeting to discuss the PSU award that was granted to Mr. Tan in September 2025 due in part to the support expressed by our stockholders in securing the continued leadership of Mr. Tan. More information about our additional engagement with our stockholders is provided below in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements of Fiscal 2025 Executive Compensation Program Long-Term Incentive Compensation Equity Award Granted to Mr. Tan in Fiscal 2025 Stockholder Engagement . STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH OUR BOARD Our stockholders who may wish to communicate with our Board may do so at the following address: Board of Directors Broadcom Inc. c/o Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer 3421 Hillview Avenue Palo Alto, California 94304 Communications are distributed to our Board or to any individual director, as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. Communications that are unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will be excluded but will be made available to any director upon such director s request. 9 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board oversees the conduct of our business by senior management and risk management, provides guidance on strategic and business planning, is responsible for succession planning for our CEO and senior management, and ensures that the long-term interests of stockholders are being served. BOARD MEMBERSHIP Our Board is currently comprised of nine directors: Diane M. Bryant, Gayla J. Delly, Kenneth Y. Hao, Eddy W. Hartenstein, Check Kian Low, Justine F. Page, Henry Samueli, Ph.D., Hock E. Tan and Harry L. You. Mr. Hartenstein is not standing for re-election and will serve on our Board until the Annual Meeting. Mr. Hartenstein offered his resignation to our Board upon reaching the age of 75 years pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, to be effective as of the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, the size of our Board will be reduced to eight directors. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our Board annually reviews the independence of each director and nominee and considers whether such individual has a material relationship with Broadcom, other members of our Board or our executive officers that could compromise their ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities. For the purpose of assessing a director s independence, our Board reviewed transactions and relationships between Broadcom and an entity where a director or nominee serves as a director, executive officer and/or is a beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of such entity, or where a director or nominee for director serves on a non-employee advisory board of or in a non-employee advisory capacity to such an entity. Our Board has determined that Dr. Samueli, Mses. Bryant, Delly and Page, and Messrs. Hao, Low and You, representing seven of our eight director nominees, are independent directors under the Nasdaq listing standards. Mr. Tan, who serves as our President and CEO, is not deemed an independent director. Our Board has determined that Mr. Hartenstein, who will serve as a director until the Annual Meeting, is also an independent director. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE Our Board currently believes that Broadcom and our stockholders are best served by a board leadership structure in which the roles of the CEO and the Chairman of the Board are held by different individuals, and that there be a Lead Independent Director if the Chairman is not independent. Under this structure our CEO is generally responsible for setting Broadcom s strategic direction and for the day-to-day management of our operations. The independent Chairman and/or the Lead Independent Director, as applicable, provides strong independent leadership to assist our Board in fulfilling its oversight role of management and our risk management practices, approves the agenda for board meetings, and presides over Board meetings and the executive sessions of our independent directors. Our Board annually reviews its leadership structure to determine whether it continues to best serve Broadcom and our stockholders. Currently, Mr. Tan serves as our President and CEO, Dr. Samueli serves as our independent Chairman of the Board and Mr. Hartenstein serves as our Lead Independent Director. DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS In accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board seeks individuals to serve as directors who have the highest personal and professional integrity and strength of character, demonstrated exceptional ability and judgment, and have varied skills, experiences and backgrounds appropriate for the business and operations of Broadcom. When evaluating director candidates, the NCG Committee seeks to ensure that our Board holistically has the requisite skills, experience and expertise, and consist of persons with appropriately varied and independent backgrounds. The NCG Committee considers all aspects of a candidate s qualifications in the context of Broadcom s needs, including: personal and professional integrity, ethics and values experience as an officer in corporate management experience and expertise in our industries and international business, and familiarity with Broadcom 10 Table of Contents experience as a board member of another public company practical and mature business judgment breadth of backgrounds and perspectives Board size and composition and the extent to which a candidate would fill a present need on our Board other ongoing commitments and obligations of the candidate independence from management The NCG Committee will consider nominee recommendations from its members, other Board members and members of our management, as well as nominees recommended by our stockholders. Nominees recommended by our stockholders will be evaluated in the same manner as any other candidate for election (other than the directors standing for re-election). The NCG Committee has from time to time also engaged third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating possible candidates. See Additional Meeting Information Questions and Answers Relating to Proxy Materials and the Annual Meeting below for information on the requirements for director nominations, including nominations using proxy access. DIRECTOR ATTENDANCE AND MEETINGS The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that each director is expected to attend all meetings of our Board and of each committee on which the director is a member and the annual meetings of stockholders. Our Board held 11 meetings during fiscal 2025 and our independent directors met at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management present. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of our Board and all committees of our Board on which the director served during fiscal 2025. All of the director nominees attended the 2025 annual meeting. BOARD EVALUATIONS Our Board is committed to reviewing its performance through an annual evaluation process, which is overseen by the NCG Committee. Through the evaluations, our directors provide feedback on our Board and its committees and assess their composition, processes and overall effectiveness. The Chairman of the Board, and if applicable, the Lead Independent Director, report the results to our full Board and the Chairs of each committee report the results to their respective committees. Any findings that require consideration are addressed at subsequent Board and committee meetings, as appropriate. BOARD RISK OVERSIGHT Our Board believes that evaluating Broadcom s key risks is one of its most important areas of oversight. Our Board regularly reviews and discusses with management key strategic and operational risks, including those related to operations, liquidity, credit, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence ( AI ), compensation programs, workforce retention, and CEO and senior management succession. We have an enterprise risk management program that is managed by our internal audit function, and our internal audit function works closely with our Board, CEO and senior management to identify, evaluate and manage risks, as well as our responses to those risks. Our internal audit function also reports at least annually to the Audit Committee the results of its annual risk assessment, including its assessment of the likelihood and severity of identified risks and the actions taken to monitor emerging risks, and coordinates cross-functionally on the risk mitigation efforts. 11 Table of Contents In addition, each Board committee is responsible for the oversight of specific areas of risk and reports regularly to our Board on matters relating to those risks. Management reports, at least annually, on our risks and risk management practices to the relevant committees and the full Board. Committee Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Audit Oversee financial reporting process, accounting policies and internal controls Evaluate risks related to financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax and fraud Evaluate exposures and risks related to cybersecurity, data privacy and information technology and controls, including our cybersecurity performance and risk profile, and monitoring, assessing and reporting such exposures Compensation Oversee compensation plans, programs and policies Evaluate the relationship between risk management policies and practices, business strategy and compensation of executive officers and other executives Evaluate and provide input on CEO and senior management succession planning NCG Review and evaluate the corporate governance framework, including governance guidelines and policies Evaluate the structure and composition of our Board and committees, including director succession planning, backgrounds and perspectives, and related policies and procedures Oversee the corporate responsibility program and initiatives Cybersecurity Risk Management Our Board is actively involved in overseeing our cybersecurity risk management and shares oversight responsibility and processes with the Audit Committee. Our management, including our Chief Information Officer ( CIO ), in consultation with our Chief Information Security Officer, reviews with the Audit Committee quarterly (or more frequently if necessary or advisable) our cybersecurity policies, practices and protective measures, threat intelligence, cybersecurity incidents and related risks. At least quarterly, our CIO also provides the Audit Committee with an update on our enterprise security program that includes procedures and policies for testing vulnerabilities, responding to cybersecurity threats, and training and evaluating our employees. The Audit Committee and management also update our Board at least quarterly on our cybersecurity performance and risk profile and the effectiveness of our cybersecurity processes. We also have protocols in place for escalating certain cybersecurity incidents to the Audit Committee and our Board. Compensation Risk Assessment The Compensation Committee, in consultation with Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian ), conducts an annual review of our compensation policies and practices for our employees to assess the risks associated with such policies and practices. The Compensation Committee considered risk-mitigating factors in its review, such as our compensation policies and practices that balance short-term and long-term goals and awards and provide a mix of cash and equity components in the annual total compensation (as described below in Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation ). The Compensation Committee also considered the stock ownership guidelines, hedging and pledging prohibitions, as well as any limited exception approved by the NCG Committee and our Board, and its own oversight process that consists of directors who are independent. Based upon this risk assessment, the Compensation Committee concluded that our compensation program does not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Broadcom. 12 Table of Contents BOARD COMMITTEES Our Board has the following committees: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, NCG Committee and Executive Committee. The Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the NCG Committee each operate under a charter that satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards. The charters for all four committees are available in the Investor Center Corporate Governance section of our website. Stockholders may also request a copy from Investor Relations, Broadcom Inc., 3421 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304. The current members and chairs of the committees are provided below. Committees Name Audit Compensation NCG Executive Diane M. Bryant t Gayla J. Delly t t Kenneth Y. Hao (1) Eddy W. Hartenstein (Lead Independent Director) t t Check Kian Low t t Justine F. Page t Henry Samueli, Ph.D. (Chairman of the Board) Hock E. Tan (President CEO) t Harry L. You t t t Member Chair (1) Mr. Hao is currently not appointed to any committee. Audit Committee Each member of the Audit Committee meets the audit committee independence requirements under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. Our Board has determined that Mses. Delly and Page and Mr. You are audit committee financial experts under applicable SEC rules and have the requisite financial sophistication required by applicable Nasdaq rules. Members Primary Responsibilities Meetings in Fiscal 2025 Gayla J. Delly (Chair) Justine F. Page Harry L. You Oversee the quality and integrity of financial statements, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal controls over financial reporting Determine the appointment, compensation, retention, qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm Conduct an annual performance evaluation of the internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm Oversee financial and operational risk, including any exposures and risks related to cybersecurity, data privacy and information technology systems controls, and fraud, and the steps management takes to monitor, control and report such exposures Oversee compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, investigation and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters Review related party transactions 8 13 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Each member of the Compensation Committee meets the compensation committee independence requirements under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, and is a non-employee director within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Members Primary Responsibilities Meetings in Fiscal 2025 Harry L. You (Chair) Diane M. Bryant Eddy W. Hartenstein Check Kian Low Determine executive (other than our CEO) compensation Recommend to the independent directors our CEO s compensation Design (in consultation with management or our Board, as applicable) and evaluate compensation plans, programs and policies Administer equity-based plans and approve the terms of grants under those plans Confirm that compensation policies and practices do not encourage unnecessary risk-taking Review and discuss, at least annually, the relationship between risk management policies and practices, business strategy and executive officers compensation Establish and periodically review policies concerning perquisite benefits Review and approve all employment agreements, severance and change-in-control arrangements and perquisites for executives (other than our CEO) and recommend to the independent directors such agreements and perquisites relating to our CEO Evaluate and provide input on CEO and senior management succession planning Review and make recommendations to our Board regarding compensation for non-employee directors Establish and periodically review stockholder ownership guidelines Provide oversight over its independent compensation consultant 5 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The members of the Compensation Committee, Ms. Bryant and Messrs. Hartenstein, Low and You, are not and have never been officers or employees of Broadcom. During fiscal 2025, none of our executive officers served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board or the Compensation Committee. 14 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Each member of the NCG Committee is independent in accordance with the applicable Nasdaq rules and regulations. Members Primary Responsibilities Meetings in Fiscal 2025 Eddy W. Hartenstein (Chair) Gayla J. Delly Check Kian Low Take a leadership role in shaping our corporate governance policies and procedures and develop recommendations for our Board Identify, evaluate and recommend to our Board qualified director candidates for election or to fill vacancies on our Board Assess director independence Oversee the annual evaluation of our Board and its committees Consider stockholder proposals submitted for consideration at the annual meeting of stockholders Periodically assess director continuing education with respect to the business, financial statements, corporate governance and other appropriate subjects Periodically review and assess the Corporate Governance Guidelines and recommend changes to our Board Oversee our corporate responsibility program and initiatives, including governance, human rights in supply chain and climate-related matters 4 Executive Committee The Executive Committee is comprised of our CEO, the Chairman of the Board and such other directors as our Board appoints. Members Primary Responsibilities Meetings in Fiscal 2025 Henry Samueli, Ph.D. (Chair) Gayla J. Delly Eddy W. Hartenstein Hock E. Tan Harry L. You Review and approve, subject to specified limitations: investments, acquisitions, dispositions and capital expenditures new or incremental debt financings or borrowings, or amendments thereto, or refinancings thereof, including convertible debt, bond financing and commercial paper treasury, cash management and other banking matters Review and provide recommendations to our Board on matters requiring full Board approval, including: business opportunities, strategies and proposals, and other strategic matters business plans, annual budgets, targets, operational plans, capital structure and dividend policy proposed transactions that exceed their approval thresholds efficient organization and management structure of Broadcom 0 15 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION On an annual basis, the Compensation Committee reviews the non-employee director compensation, with input from its independent compensation consultant regarding market practice and the competitiveness of the non-employee director compensation. Our Board approves any changes to the non-employee director compensation after considering the recommendations of the Compensation Committee and based on its own review. Our non-employee directors receive cash and equity compensation in consideration for their service on our Board, as set forth in more detail below. Our non-employee directors do not participate in any company pension plan or deferred compensation plan. We do not compensate Mr. Tan for his service on our Board or any committee of our Board. Cash Compensation For fiscal 2025, our non-employee directors were entitled to receive the following annual cash compensation, payable quarterly: Pay Component Annual Fees Annual Retainer (payable to all non-employee directors) $105,000 Additional Fees: Independent Chairman of the Board $175,000 Lead Independent Director $100,000 Chair of the Audit Committee $ 45,000 Chair of the Compensation Committee $ 30,000 Chair of the NCG Committee $ 27,500 Member of the Audit Committee (other than Chair) $ 15,000 Member of the Compensation Committee (other than Chair) $ 10,000 Member of the NCG Committee (other than Chair) $ 10,000 In addition, we reimburse or pay non-employee directors for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses related to their attendance at Board and committee meetings, the annual meeting of stockholders and other Board-related travel undertaken at our request. Equity Compensation For fiscal 2025, our non-employee directors were also entitled to receive the following equity awards: upon the initial appointment to our Board, an initial RSU award using a target value of $275,000, prorated based on the expected portion of a year to be served between the time of such director s appointment and the anticipated date of our annual meeting of stockholders immediately following the director s appointment; and an annual RSU award using a target value of $275,000, to be granted on the date of the annual meeting of stockholders, subject to the director s re-election at such meeting. To determine the number of shares of Broadcom common stock granted pursuant to such awards, the value of the award is divided by the average closing price quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market over 30 calendar days immediately preceding the grant date. These RSU awards vest in full on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the date on which the annual meeting of stockholders immediately following the grant date is held, subject to the director s continued service on our Board. In December 2025, the Compensation Committee and its independent compensation consultant recommended to our Board, and our Board approved, increasing the equity compensation granted to our non-employee directors such that our non-employee directors will be entitled to receive an initial RSU award and an annual RSU award, each with a target value of $295,000, subject to the same terms and conditions as described above. 16 Table of Contents Director Compensation for Fiscal 2025 The following table sets forth the compensation earned by our non-employee directors during fiscal 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (1) ($) Total ($) Diane M. Bryant 115,000 262,568 377,568 Gayla J. Delly 158,750 262,568 421,318 Kenneth Y. Hao 105,000 262,568 367,568 Eddy W. Hartenstein 241,875 262,568 504,443 Check Kian Low 125,000 262,568 387,568 Justine F. Page 120,000 262,568 382,568 Henry Samueli, Ph.D. 273,750 262,568 536,318 Harry L. You 150,000 262,568 412,568 (1) Represents the grant date fair value of an RSU award for 1,602 shares of Broadcom common stock granted to each director on April 21, 2025 following his or her election to our Board at the 2025 annual meeting and calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic Number 718 ( ASC 718 ). The table below shows the aggregate number of shares of Broadcom common stock underlying outstanding RSU awards held by our non-employee directors as of November 2, 2025: Name Number of Shares Underlying RSUs Diane M. Bryant 1,602 Gayla J. Delly 1,602 Kenneth Y. Hao 1,602 Eddy W. Hartenstein 1,602 Check Kian Low 1,602 Justine F. Page 1,602 Henry Samueli, Ph.D. 1,602 Harry L. You 1,602 17 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINEES Our Board is currently comprised of nine directors and our directors are to be elected each year at the annual meeting of stockholders. As Mr. Hartenstein is not standing for re-election, his term will end at the Annual Meeting and the size of our Board will be reduced to eight directors. Upon the recommendation of the NCG Committee, our Board nominated the eight individuals below for election as directors, all of whom are currently directors of our Board. Stockholders may not vote their proxies for a greater number of persons than the number of director nominees provided below. Our Board expects that each of the director nominees will be available to serve as a director. In the event a director nominee resigns or otherwise becomes unwilling or unable to serve after the mailing of the Internet Notice but before the Annual Meeting, our intention would be to make a public announcement of such resignation and either reduce the size of our Board or appoint a substitute nominee, in accordance with our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). If we reduce the size of our Board, this would reduce the number of nominees to be elected at the Annual Meeting and the votes received for such director would not be counted. In the event that we instead propose to elect a substitute nominee at the Annual Meeting to fill any such vacancy, it is intended that the shares represented by the proxy will be voted for such substitute nominee. Our Board believes that each director nominee has the experience, qualifications, integrity and understanding of our business and industries required for service on our Board. The demographic background of the director nominees includes ethnicity (four directors) and gender (three directors). Our Board believes that the director nominees collectively reflect an appropriate mix of tenure, skill sets, backgrounds and perspectives, experience and qualifications that are relevant to Broadcom s business strategy and governance. Our Board, in consultation with the NCG Committee, also believes that each director nominee has demonstrated the willingness and the ability to dedicate sufficient time and attention to fulfill the responsibilities required as a director and that any service with other public companies does not and will not impact service on our Board. Director Qualifications, Skills and Experience Qualifications Skills Bryant Delly Hao Low Page Samueli Tan You Business Development Strategy Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Manufacturing/Supply Chain Semiconductor Software/Cloud Computing Technology/Innovation 18 Table of Contents The biographical information of each director nominee provided below is as of February 24, 2026. Diane M. Bryant Director Since: 2019 Independent Director Age: 63 Ms. Bryant served as Chief Executive Officer of NovaSignal Corp., a medical technology and data company specializing in the assessment and management of brain health, from January 2020 to July 2023. She was Chief Operating Officer of Google Cloud at Alphabet Inc. from December 2017 to July 2018. Prior to Alphabet, she held several executive leadership positions at Intel Corporation, including as Group President and Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Group that develops server, storage and network platforms for the digital services economy and Corporate Vice President and Chief Information Officer. She also serves on the Chancellor s Board of Advisors at the University of California at Davis. Ms. Bryant serves as a director of Haemonetics Corporation and Jacobs Solutions Inc. She served as a director of United Technologies Corporation from January 2017 until its acquisition by Raytheon Company in April 2020. Board Committees: Compensation Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Global Business Manufacturing/Supply Chain Semiconductor Software/Cloud Computing Technology/Innovation Gayla J. Delly Director Since: 2017 Independent Director Age: 66 Board Committees: Audit (Chair) NCG Executive Ms. Delly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Benchmark Electronics Inc., a company that provides contract manufacturing, design, engineering, test and distribution services to manufacturers of computers, medical devices, telecommunications equipment and industrial control and test instruments, from 2012 to 2016. She held several executive leadership positions at Benchmark, including as President from 2006 to 2011, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2001 to 2006, and Corporate Controller and Treasurer from 1995 to 2001. She is also a certified public accountant and was a senior audit manager at KPMG LLP before joining Benchmark. Ms. Delly serves as a director of Flowserve Corporation and Littelfuse, Inc. She served as a director of National Instruments Corporation from March 2020 until its acquisition by Emerson Electric Co. in October 2023 and Benchmark from 2011 to 2016. Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Manufacturing/Supply Chain Semiconductor Technology/Innovation 19 Table of Contents Kenneth Y. Hao Director Since: 2024 Independent Director Age: 57 Board Committees: None Mr. Hao has served as Chairman and Managing Partner of Silver Lake, a global technology investment firm, since December 2019. He joined Silver Lake in 2000 and has served in various roles, including as Managing Partner and Managing Director from 2012 to 2019. Prior to Silver Lake, he served in various roles, including as Managing Director, at Hambrecht Quist (now part of J.P. Morgan) from 1990 to 1999. Mr. Hao served as a director of SolarWinds Corporation from February 2016 to April 2025, Splunk Inc. from July 2021 to March 2024, NortonLifeLock Inc. (formerly Symantec Corporation) from March 2016 to September 2022 and SMART Global Holdings, Inc. from April 2011 to April 2021. Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Semiconductor Software/Cloud Computing Technology/Innovation Check Kian Low Director Since: 2016 Independent Director Age: 66 Board Committees: Compensation NCG Mr. Low has served as a founding partner and director of NewSmith Capital Partners LLP, an independent partnership providing corporate finance advice and investment management services, for which he manages the Asia Pacific offices, since 2003. He is an owner and director of Cluny Capital Limited since 2007. He has served as a Special Advisor to Singapore Telecommunications Limited since 2025 and from October 2021 to September 2023. Prior to founding NewSmith, he held various positions at Merrill Lynch Co., including as Senior Vice-President, member of the Executive Management Committee and Chairman for the Asia Pacific Region. Mr. Low served as a director of Singapore Telecommunications Limited from May 2011 to July 2021. Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Justine F. Page Director Since: 2019 Independent Director Age: 63 Board Committees: Audit Ms. Page served as Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc., a publicly-traded timing solutions IC company, from 1999 until its acquisition by Integrated Device Technology, Inc. in 2005. She also held several leadership positions at ICS, including as Director of Finance and Administration and Assistant Treasurer from 1993 to 1999. She holds a B.A. degree in accounting from Immaculata College and a Master of Taxation degree from Villanova University. Ms. Page served as a director of Broadcom Limited from 2016 to 2017, SunEdison Semiconductor Limited from 2014 to 2016 and Avago Technologies Limited from 2008 to 2016. Qualification Skills: Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Manufacturing/Supply Chain Semiconductor 20 Table of Contents Henry Samueli, Ph.D. Director Since: 2016 Chairman of the Board since 2018 Age: 71 Board Committees: Executive (Chair) Dr. Samueli served as our Chief Technical Officer from February 2016 to December 2018. He co-founded Broadcom Corporation in 1991 and held several executive leadership positions at Broadcom Corporation until its acquisition by Broadcom Inc. (formerly known as Avago Technologies Limited), including as Chief Technical Officer from 1991 to 2008 and 2009 to 2016, Technology Advisor from 2008 to 2009, and Vice President of Research and Development from 1991 to 2003. He is the co-owner of the National Hockey League s Anaheim Ducks since 2005. He is a Professor in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at the University of California, Los Angeles since 1985 (on leave of absence since 1995) and a Distinguished Adjunct Professor in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department at the University of California, Irvine since 2003. Prior to Broadcom Corporation, he co-founded and was Chief Scientist at PairGain Technologies from 1988 to 1994. He held various engineering and management positions in the Electronics and Technology Division of TRW, Inc. from 1980 to 1985. He is also a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors and a Member of the National Academy of Engineering, and received the IEEE Medal of Honor in 2025. Dr. Samueli served as Chairman and Co-Chairman of the Board of Broadcom Corporation from 2011 to 2016 and from 1991 to 2008. Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Executive Leadership Global Business Manufacturing/Supply Chain Semiconductor Technology/Innovation Hock E. Tan Director Since: 2006 President CEO Age: 74 Board Committees: Executive Mr. Tan has served as our President and CEO since March 2006. He was President and Chief Executive Officer at Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc., a publicly-traded timing solutions IC company, from 1999 until its acquisition by Integrated Device Technology, Inc. in 2005. He also served in various executive roles at ICS, including as Chief Operating Officer from 1996 to 1999 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to 1999. He was Vice President of Finance at Commodore International, Ltd. from 1992 to 1994 and held senior management positions at PepsiCo, Inc. and General Motors Corporation. He was managing director of Pacven Investment, Ltd., a venture capital fund, from 1988 to 1992 and was managing director of Hume Industries Ltd. from 1983 to 1988. He also has served as a Member of the President s National Security and Telecommunications Advisory Committee since 2020. Mr. Tan serves as a director of Meta Platforms, Inc. Mr. Tan was Chairman of the Board of IDT, a publicly-traded semiconductor company, following its acquisition of ICS from 2005 to 2008. Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Manufacturing/Supply Chain Semiconductor Software/Cloud Computing Technology/Innovation 21 Table of Contents Harry L. You Director Since: 2019 Independent Director Age: 66 Board Committees: Audit Compensation (Chair) Executive Mr. You served as Chief Financial Officer from September 2016 to August 2019 and President from September 2016 to February 2019 and in May 2019 of GTY Technology Holdings Inc., a software as a service company that offers cloud-based solutions for the public sector. He was Executive Vice President in the Office of the Chairman of EMC Corporation from 2008 to 2016 and oversaw corporate strategy and new business development, including mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and venture capital. He was Chief Executive Officer from 2005 to 2007 and Interim Chief Financial Officer from 2005 to 2006 of BearingPoint Inc. He was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Oracle Corporation from 2004 to 2005. Prior to joining Oracle, he held several key positions in finance, including as Chief Financial Officer of Accenture Ltd. He also served as a trustee of the U.S. Olympic Committee Foundation from 2016 to 2022. Mr. You serves as Chairman of the Board of Rain Enhancement Technologies Holdco, Inc. Mr. You served as Vice Chairman of the Board of GTY Technology from February 2019 to July 2022 and as a director of IonQ, Inc. from September 2021 to February 2025, Coupang, Inc. from January 2021 to June 2023, Genius Sports Limited from April 2021 to December 2022, Rush Street Interactive, Inc. from September 2019 to June 2022 and Korn/Ferry International from 2005 to 2016. Mr. You is also involved in the following special purpose acquisition companies that our Board believes do not require the same time commitment as an operating company. Mr. You has served as Executive Chairman of Berto Acquisition Corp. since February 2025. He has served as Interim Chief Executive Officer since February 2025 and as Chief Financial Officer since February 2022 of dMY Squared Technology Group, Inc., where he previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from March 2022 to March 2023. Mr. You is also Chairman of the Board of dMY Squared Technology Group. Mr. You served as a director of these special purpose acquisition companies: Coliseum Acquisition Corp. from June 2023 to December 2024, dMY Technology Group, Inc. VI from April 2021 to April 2023, dMY Technology Group, Inc. II from June 2020 to April 2021 and dMY Technology Group, Inc. IV from December 2020 to December 2021. Qualification Skills: Business Development Strategy Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Finance/Accounting Global Business Software/Cloud Computing Technology/Innovation Our Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the director nominees. 22 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the independent auditors retained to audit our consolidated financial statements. The Audit Committee has reappointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026. Our Board and the Audit Committee believe that the continued retention of PwC is in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. We expect a representative from PwC to be present at the Annual Meeting. This representative will have the opportunity to make a statement if the representative so desires and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. Our stockholders are not required to ratify the appointment of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm. However, we are submitting the appointment of PwC to our stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. In the event of a negative vote, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to continue to retain PwC. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may change the appointment at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. AUDIT AND RELATED FEES Set forth below are the fees for all services rendered by PwC to Broadcom for fiscal 2025 and 2024. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 ($ in thousands) Audit Fees 18,093 29,664 Audit-Related Fees 9,500 Tax Fees 1,994 2,818 All Other Fees 10 30 Total 20,097 42,012 Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services provided in connection with the integrated audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, which includes an audit of internal controls over financial reporting, the review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements, and audit services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years, such as statutory audits, comfort letters and consents. Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services by PwC that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and not included in Audit Fees. In fiscal 2024, these fees included services related to the VMware acquisition. Tax Fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance and tax consulting. Corporate tax services encompass a variety of permissible services, including assistance with transfer pricing documentation, local tax compliance matters, tax audits and tax credit documentation. All Other Fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by PwC for permissible non-audit services, which include services for various licenses related to general and specialized accounting research software. In considering the nature of the services provided by PwC, the Audit Committee determined that the provision of these services is compatible with maintaining the independence of PwC. The Audit Committee discussed these services with PwC and our management to determine that they are permitted under the rules and regulations concerning independent registered public accounting firms independence promulgated by the SEC, as well as by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Other than as stated above, no fees were billed to Broadcom by PwC for fiscal 2025 and 2024. 23 Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF SERVICES POLICY All engagements with our independent registered public accounting firm, regardless of amount, must be authorized in advance by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has delegated its pre-approval authority to the Audit Committee Chair, provided that any matters approved in such manner are presented to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. Pursuant to the charter of the Audit Committee, committee approval of non-audit services (other than review and attest services) is not required if such services fall within available exceptions established by the SEC. However, to date, the Audit Committee s policy has been to review for pre-approval all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The independent registered public accounting firm and our management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the Audit Committee s pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. During fiscal 2025 and 2024, all services provided to Broadcom by PwC were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Our Board recommends a vote FOR the ratification of appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of Broadcom for fiscal 2026. 24 Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The Audit Committee is responsible for assisting the Board with its oversight responsibilities regarding the following: the quality and integrity of Broadcom s financial statements and internal controls; the appointment, compensation, retention, qualifications and independence of Broadcom s independent registered public accounting firm; the performance of Broadcom s internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; Broadcom s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and related party transactions. Fiscal 2025 Financial Statements In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed Broadcom s financial statements for fiscal 2025 with management and PwC. In addition, the Audit Committee discussed with PwC, with and without management present, Broadcom s internal controls over financial reporting and the overall quality of Broadcom s financial reporting. The Audit Committee also discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the SEC. Based on the Audit Committee s review and discussions noted herein, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, that the audited financial statements for fiscal 2025 be included in the 2025 Annual Report for filing with the SEC. Independence and Pre-Approval Policy The Audit Committee also received a written report from PwC required by the PCAOB regarding PwC s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with PwC its independence from Broadcom. The Audit Committee s policy is to review for pre-approval all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by Broadcom s independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee reviewed and pre-approved all audit and non-audit services performed by PwC during fiscal 2025. Independent Auditor Tenure and Rotation As part of the engagement process, the Audit Committee considers whether to rotate the independent registered public accounting firm. PwC has been Broadcom s independent registered public accounting firm since 2006. The Audit Committee believes there are significant benefits to having PwC as Broadcom s independent registered public accounting firm. These include: Higher quality audit work due to PwC s institutional knowledge of and familiarity with Broadcom s business and operations, accounting policies and financial systems and internal control framework. Operational efficiencies and a resulting lower fee structure because of PwC s history and familiarity with Broadcom s business. The Audit Committee also oversees the process for the selection of the lead audit engagement partner every five years. At the Audit Committee s instruction, PwC selects candidates to be considered for this role, who are then interviewed by Broadcom s senior management and the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee then considers and votes on the selection. The Audit Committee and the Board approved the appointment of PwC as Broadcom s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending November 1, 2026. AUDIT COMMITTEE Gayla J. Delly, Chair Justine F. Page Harry L. You 25 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION In accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are asking stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs as described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis and in the compensation tables and accompanying narrative disclosure under Executive Compensation in this Proxy Statement. We currently hold the say-on-pay vote annually and expect the next say-on-pay vote will occur at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. Our executive compensation program is designed to (i) reward our executive officers for growing and sustaining stockholder value consistent with our long-term strategic plan, (ii) align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders and (iii) attract, motivate and retain critical talent in a highly competitive talent market. In line with our executive compensation program philosophy, design and objectives, our NEOs short-term and long-term incentives are designed to be difficult to attain and require substantial effort to achieve, as demonstrated by the goals to achieve aggressive financial results and significantly increase stockholder value. Fiscal 2025 was another record year for Broadcom due to our NEOs. We generated record revenue of $63.9 billion, cash from operations of $27.5 billion and free cash flow of $26.9 billion in fiscal 2025. Our Board believes that the steadfast leadership of our NEOs and their laser-focused execution of our existing and new business models and strategies were key to our achievements in fiscal 2025. Accordingly, our stockholders are being asked to approve the following resolution: RESOLVED THAT stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of Broadcom s named executive officers, as disclosed in Compensation Discussion and Analysis and in the compensation tables and accompanying narrative disclosure under Executive Compensation in this Proxy Statement. In deciding how to vote on this proposal, we encourage our stockholders to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation sections in this Proxy Statement. While the vote on this resolution is advisory and not binding, the Compensation Committee and our Board value input from our stockholders and will consider the outcome of the vote on this resolution when considering future executive compensation decisions. Our Board recommends a vote FOR approval of the named executive officer compensation on an advisory basis. 26 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) discusses the philosophy, design and objectives that guided decisions under our fiscal 2025 executive compensation program. While this CD A primarily covers the fiscal 2025 compensation of our NEOs, the strategies underlying our compensation philosophy extend throughout Broadcom and are designed to create long-term stockholder value. The NEOs, who were our only executive officers in fiscal 2025, are provided below: Hock E. Tan President and Chief Executive Officer Kirsten M. Spears Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Mark D. Brazeal Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. President, Semiconductor Solutions Group OVERVIEW Our executive compensation program is designed to (i) reward our executive officers for growing and sustaining stockholder value consistent with our long-term strategic plan, (ii) align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders and (iii) attract, motivate and retain critical talent in a highly competitive talent market. Our distinctive approach in granting multi-year performance-based equity awards continues to be highly effective, helping us deliver exceptional results to our stockholders. Our TSR of 34,330% since 2009 has significantly outperformed that of our peer companies and has placed us in the top 1% of S P 500 companies during that period. We strongly believe our equity-focused pay-for-performance strategy keeps our executive officers and employees in critical areas engaged and motivated, as evidenced by our low global voluntary attrition rate, which has consistently been below the technology industry benchmark. In line with our executive compensation program philosophy, design and objectives, more than 90% of our executive officers total compensation is comprised of variable compensation. Our executive officers short-term incentives and long-term incentives in the form of PSU awards are subject to challenging and rigorous goals designed to achieve aggressive financial targets and significantly increase stockholder value. Fiscal 2025 Highlights Total Stockholder Return and Return of Capital Our TSR continues to significantly outperform the S P 500 and our compensation peer group. Over the five-year period through fiscal 2025, we delivered TSR of 1,082% and our market capitalization increased from $141.4 billion to $1.7 trillion. *TSR assumes $100 investment in Broadcom common stock on the last trading day of fiscal 2020 and reinvestment of dividends. 27 Table of Contents In addition, we returned an aggregate of $13.6 billion to our stockholders during fiscal 2025, consisting of $11.1 billion in cash dividends and $2.5 billion in stock repurchases. Furthermore, our strong free cash flow in fiscal 2025 enabled us to increase our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.65 per share in our first quarter of fiscal 2026, an increase of 10% over the quarterly dividends paid in fiscal 2025. Financial Performance Our record revenue, cash from operations and free cash flow in fiscal 2025 were driven by our AI semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software solutions from our acquisition of VMware. Due to the increase in our custom accelerator business, our AI semiconductor revenue increased 65% from $12.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to $20.2 billion in fiscal 2025 and represented 55% of our fiscal 2025 semiconductor revenue of $36.9 billion. With the strong adoption of VMware Cloud Foundation, our infrastructure software revenue increased 26% from $21.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to $27.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Record Revenue Record Cash From Operations Record Free Cash Flow* $63.9B $27.5B $26.9B +24%YoY +38%YoY +39%YoY *See Appendix A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM Total Compensation Components Our executive compensation program is designed to keep our executive officers total compensation competitive with the compensation of executives in comparable positions at companies in our compensation peer group. The Compensation Committee and our Board believe long-term equity incentives are necessary to attract, motivate and retain our executive officers and to align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders. As a result, the total target cash compensation (base salary and short-term incentives) for our executive officers is significantly lower than the median of the competitive market. However, in combination with long-term incentives, the total compensation for our executive officers can exceed the median of the competitive market upon achieving or exceeding performance goals. 28 Table of Contents Our annual total compensation for our executive officers consists of three principal components: Component Purpose Description Base Salary Provide a level of fixed annual cash for stability and retention Reflect scope, responsibilities and sustained individual performance Amount set considerably lower than the competitive market median Short-Term Incentives ( STI ) Provide meaningful incentives to meet short-term (annual) objectives Reward achievement of challenging and rigorous pre-established corporate financial and business division goals Recognize individual contributions and performance Long-Term Incentives ( LTI ) Reward efforts to grow sustainable, long-term stockholder value Encourage retention and mitigate compensation-related risks with stock ownership guidelines Value awarded above the competitive market median to incentivize outperformance and achievement of challenging and rigorous performance goals aligned with stockholder interests Actual pay delivered linked to stockholder outcomes with corresponding performance leverage and risk Fiscal 2025 Total Compensation Components Target total compensation consists of (i) base salary, (ii) target STI under the Annual Performance Bonus Plan ( APB Plan ) and (iii) target LTI in the form of RSU and PSU awards based on the fair market value on the grant date (assuming target performance level attainment), as applicable. Mr. Tan received a front-loaded PSU award in fiscal 2023 that covers five years of annual STI payouts and five years of annual equity awards, including for fiscal 2025 (the 2023 Tan PSU Award ). Accordingly, Mr. Tan did not receive an annual cash incentive payout under the APB Plan for fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2025, Mr. Tan received the 2025 Tan PSU Award (as defined below), which covers his annual LTI for fiscal 2028 through fiscal 2030. The LTI component of the CEO chart below reflects the annualized value of the 2023 Tan PSU Award assuming target performance level attainment. Dr. Kawwas did not receive an annual equity award in fiscal 2025 because he received a front-loaded PSU award in fiscal 2023 that covers five years of his annual equity awards (the 2023 Kawwas PSU Award ). The LTI component of the Other NEOs Average chart below reflects the annualized value of the 2023 Kawwas PSU Award assuming target performance level attainment. In addition, the Other NEOs Average chart below reflects the target LTI value of Ms. Spears and Mr. Brazeal s annual equity awards that commenced vesting in fiscal 2025. As shown in the charts below, 96% of our CEO s and 95% of our other NEOs average annualized target total compensation in fiscal 2025 is comprised of variable compensation, with a majority tied to long-term stock price performance (based on the annualized value of their equity awards and assuming target performance level attainment). 29 Table of Contents Compensation Philosophy and Objectives Our executive compensation program does not follow a one-size-fits-all approach as the Compensation Committee and our Board believe an effective compensation program should be designed to effectively support Broadcom s growth opportunities to deliver sustained stockholder value. Our compensation philosophy prioritizes long-term value creation over short-term gains, and we believe our distinctive approach in granting multi-year equity awards continues to be highly effective in achieving these goals. Attracting, motivating and retaining critical talent are crucial for Broadcom s ongoing success, and thus, fundamental objectives of our executive compensation program. The philosophy and objectives below inform the design of our executive compensation program. Pay-for-Performance We encourage our executive officers to focus on the achievement of our challenging and rigorous pre-established corporate financial and operational performance goals and increasing stockholder value. We design our incentive compensation opportunities to reward the achievement of rigorous pre-established annual performance goals and long-term stockholder value creation, and to recognize the contributions and performance of each executive officer. Our primary focus for long-term equity awards is on actual pay delivered in relation to stockholder value creation, with accounting grant date fair value as a guideline for competitive alignment. Alignment with Stockholders We align the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders by linking a majority of target total compensation opportunity to stockholder returns in the form of PSU awards that are subject to the attainment of pre-established performance-based objectives. For our CEO and, since fiscal 2023, our President, Semiconductor Solutions Group, all of their equity awards are in the form of PSU awards. For our other NEOs, half of their equity awards are in the form of PSU awards at target and the other half are in the form of RSU awards, where the delivered value fluctuates based on our stock price performance. Attract, Motivate and Retain Broadcom operates in the extremely competitive Silicon Valley region for executive talent, particularly in the technology sector. Our executive compensation program is designed to contend in this highly competitive talent market to attract qualified, experienced and talented executive officers. We motivate, retain and reward these executive officers, whose skills, knowledge and performance are crucial to our ongoing success. Equity awards, especially multi-year equity awards, are a long-term retention tool for our executive officers. When granting equity awards or when recommending to the independent directors an equity award grant to our CEO, the Compensation Committee considers each executive officer s role, criticality, responsibilities, experience, expertise and overall value to Broadcom, as well as how much unvested equity the executive officer holds as an indicator of retention risk. This pay-for-performance strategy keeps our executive officers and other employees in critical areas engaged and motivated, as evidenced by our global voluntary attrition rate of approximately 4.1% in fiscal 2025, which continues to be below the technology industry median of 10.1% (AON, 2025 Salary Increase and Turnover Study First Edition, May 2025). This low global voluntary attrition rate has helped Broadcom become a leading technology company, achieve record financial results and deliver significant stockholder value. *Excludes employees who joined as a result of the VMware acquisition. 30 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Governance The table below highlights our key executive compensation program governance practices. Practices We Employ Practices We Do Not Employ Pay-for-performance compensation philosophy X No excessive risk-taking in incentive plan designs Majority of NEO compensation at risk and tied to long-term performance X No re-pricing of underwater stock options without stockholder approval Rigorous performance metrics directly tied to value creation for stockholders X No excise tax gross-ups Caps on cash and equity incentive plan payouts X No supplemental retirement or pension benefits Robust annual stockholder engagement led by independent directors X No dividend equivalents on unearned RSUs / PSUs Annual risk assessment of compensation programs and practices X No guaranteed bonuses Engagement of an independent compensation consultant X No single trigger change in control payments or benefits CEO compensation reviewed and approved by independent directors X No excessive executive perquisites Robust stock ownership guidelines for all executive officers and directors X No hedging of stock by executive officers Clawback policy in compliance with SEC requirements and Nasdaq listing standards X No pledging of stock by executive officers without a risk analysis and approval of a limited exception by our Board and NCG Committee Say-on-Pay Our stockholders expressed strong support for our 2024 executive compensation program and acknowledged our responsiveness to our stockholders concerns in the proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting, as demonstrated by the 92% of votes cast in favor of the 2025 Say-on-Pay proposal. The Compensation Committee values open and ongoing engagement with our stockholders regarding our executive compensation program. Prior to the 2025 annual meeting, we contacted our stockholders representing 52% of our common stock outstanding. Our Compensation Committee Chair, on behalf of our Board, and representatives from the management engagement team met with 13 stockholders representing 35% of common stock outstanding. The feedback received from our stockholders at these meetings was discussed with the Compensation Committee and our Board. More information about our engagement with our stockholders prior to the 2025 annual meeting is provided above in Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement . Internal Pay Parity While we do not maintain a formal policy regarding internal pay parity, it is considered by the Compensation Committee and the independent directors when determining compensation. Consistent with market practice and competitive market benchmarking, our CEO is compensated at a higher level than our other executive officers due to his higher level of experience, responsibility, accountability and peer market benchmarks. Given Mr. Tan s responsibility for Broadcom s overall performance, the independent directors believe weighting his total compensation more heavily toward long-term, performance-based incentive compensation is consistent with market practice, appropriately reflects his contributions and directly aligns his incentives with the interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, Mr. Tan receives more of his total compensation in the form of LTI compensation through PSU awards as compared to our other executive officers. 31 Table of Contents Stock Ownership Guidelines The Compensation Committee has established robust stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers, as outlined below. Shares owned outright or beneficially owned in a trust, as well as unvested RSU awards and earned-but-unvested PSU awards, count towards satisfying the stock ownership guidelines. Shares subject to stock options, if granted, do not count toward satisfying the stock ownership guidelines. Our executive officers are expected to satisfy the applicable guidelines within five years of the date on which they become an executive officer and to maintain at least such minimum value in shares of common stock while they remain an executive officer. Based on the closing price of Broadcom common stock on the Record Date, all of our NEOs are in compliance with the stock ownership guidelines. Position Stock Ownership In Compliance of Guidelines CEO 6x Base Salary Other Executive Officers 3x Base Salary Compensation Clawback Policy Based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, our Board has put in place a comprehensive clawback policy in compliance with SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our clawback policy requires the repayment of certain cash and equity-based incentive compensation received by current or former executive officers in the event of a restatement of financial statements if such compensation exceeds the amount that the executive officers would have received based on the restated financial statements. Role of the Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee devotes extensive time throughout the year to our executive compensation program to ensure that it aligns executive compensation with corporate performance and rewards our executive officers for pursuing corporate financial, operational and strategic goals that will continue Broadcom s ongoing success and increase long-term stockholder value. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves the compensation of our executive officers, except our CEO, for whom the Compensation Committee makes recommendations for review and approval by the independent directors. Individual Executive Compensation Assessment In addition to market compensation data provided by its independent compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee (and, in the case of our CEO, the independent directors) considers the following factors, among others, when determining the compensation of each executive officer: current base salary, target APB Plan opportunities (and prior fiscal year payouts), the accumulated value of outstanding and unvested equity awards and other benefits; the individual s overall performance, role, responsibilities, knowledge, skills, criticality, leadership and contributions to Broadcom s values and culture; the highly competitive landscape for executive talent among Silicon Valley-based global technology companies; and our CEO s recommendation on compensation and individual performance for executive officers other than himself. This information enables the Compensation Committee and the independent directors to assess the long-term retentive value and total compensation delivered to our executive officers. The Compensation Committee does not consider the accounting or tax implications of compensation awarded to our executive officers when making executive compensation decisions. The primary drivers of the individual compensation decisions are the competitive talent-market and our pay-for-performance philosophy. 32 Table of Contents Compensation Risk Oversight While our Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight, the Compensation Committee, with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, annually reviews and discusses the risks that relate to our compensation policies and practices, including incentive and commission arrangements below the executive level. Role of Compensation Consultant Meridian provided consulting services on executive and non-employee director compensation-related matters to the Compensation Committee and the independent directors in fiscal 2025, including competitive market compensation data analyses. Meridian also provided the Compensation Committee periodic updates on regulatory developments and market trends related to executive and non-employee director compensation. Meridian did not provide any other services to Broadcom in fiscal 2025. The Compensation Committee assessed the independence of Meridian pursuant to SEC and Nasdaq rules and concluded that Meridian is independent and its work for the Compensation Committee and the independent directors do not raise any conflict of interest. Competitive Market Positioning The Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, develops a meaningful compensation peer group for purposes of understanding competitive market compensation practices. The compensation peer group is evaluated annually and updated as necessary based on revenue, market capitalization and relevant industries as further described below. The Compensation Committee also considers a broader review of global enterprises of similar size, scale and operational complexity, reflecting the scarce market for executive talent from which we actively recruit and to which we are most at risk. The compensation peer group is utilized for comparative purposes only. The Compensation Committee does not benchmark any pay elements or target total compensation to a specific percentile. In the absence of relevant peer group data, the Compensation Committee reviews industry-based market pay survey data. Our established selection criteria is outlined below: Revenue: comparability across annual revenue, generally 0.25 to 4.0 times that of Broadcom Market capitalization: market capitalization that generally falls between 0.25 to 4.0 times that of Broadcom Industry: companies in semiconductor-related and other technology-focused industries of comparable scale and complexity Based on this holistic assessment, the Compensation Committee, in consultation with Meridian, approved the compensation peer group below for fiscal 2025. Mastercard Incorporated and Visa Inc. were removed to better reflect Broadcom s relevant technology industry peers. Alphabet Inc. and Apple Inc. were added as they met one or more of the established criteria and reflected the limited selection of similarly-sized global enterprises that both matched our scale and compete directly in our talent market. Fiscal 2025 Compensation Peer Group Accenture plc Apple Inc. International Business Machines Corporation Oracle Corporation Adobe Inc. Applied Materials, Inc. Intuit Inc. Qualcomm Incorporated Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Cisco Systems, Inc. Meta Platforms, Inc. Salesforce, Inc. Alphabet Inc. Intel Corporation NVIDIA Corporation Texas Instruments Incorporated 33 Table of Contents Percentile Revenue ($M) (1) Market Capitalization ($M) (2) Fiscal 2025 Peer Group 25th 25,960 180,754 Median 53,382 225,791 75th 72,434 599,375 Broadcom 51,000 (3) 737,010 Rank 46% 76% (1) Based on the most recently available trailing four quarters as of August 9, 2024, except as noted in footnote 3. (2) Based on the 30-trading day average as of August 9, 2024. (3) Reflects revenue guidance publicly disclosed by Broadcom on June 12, 2024. ELEMENTS OF FISCAL 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM The principal elements of our executive compensation program are: base salary; STI under the APB Plan; LTI in the form of RSU and PSU awards; severance and change in control payments and benefits; and reasonable perquisites and other personal benefits. Base Salary Base salaries provide fixed compensation and are set at levels intended to reflect each executive officer s level and scope of responsibility and contributions, while also taking into account internal pay parity among our executive officers. While generally set significantly lower than the competitive market median, base salaries are still within a competitive range for similar positions at the companies in our compensation peer group and/or market survey data. The base salaries of our executive officers are reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee, and our CEO makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee with respect to base salary adjustments for our executive officers (other than himself). Based on this review, the Compensation Committee did not approve any base salary increases for our NEOs in fiscal 2025. Our CEO has not received a base salary increase since 2020 and our other NEOs have not received an increase since 2022. NEO Base Salary Effective in Fiscal 2025 ($) Change in Fiscal 2025 (%) Hock E. Tan 1,200,000 Kirsten M. Spears 412,000 Mark D. Brazeal 515,000 Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. 721,000 Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Plan The Compensation Committee believes that a significant portion of our executive officers target total compensation should be dependent upon Broadcom s performance. Our executive officers are eligible to earn annual cash incentives under the APB Plan. The APB Plan is designed to encourage and motivate our executive officers to achieve our overall fiscal year corporate financial goals, divisional goals where appropriate, and to drive positive contributions to Broadcom s growth and performance. 34 Table of Contents Each executive officer is assigned a target annual cash incentive opportunity under the APB Plan, expressed as a percentage of such executive officer s base salary. The Compensation Committee considers compensation peer group and market data in determining an executive officer s target annual cash incentive opportunity. With respect to our CEO, the Compensation Committee provides such information in its recommendation to the independent directors. The target annual cash incentive opportunities for our NEOs remained unchanged in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024. Our CEO did not receive an APB Plan payout in fiscal 2025 and the independent directors do not intend to provide our CEO with an annual cash incentive opportunity through fiscal 2027. As discussed in the proxy statement for the 2024 annual meeting, the 2023 Tan PSU Award was front-loaded to cover five years of annual cash incentive opportunities under the APB Plan and five years of annual equity awards. NEO Fiscal 2025 APB Plan Target Bonus (as a % of eligible earnings) Change in Fiscal 2025 (%) Hock E. Tan 0 % Kirsten M. Spears 100 % Mark D. Brazeal 100 % Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. 100 % Fiscal 2025 APB Plan For fiscal 2025 three primary pillars were established under the APB Plan as outlined below. Corporate Financial Goals Revenue Adjusted non-GAAP operating income (as a % of revenue) Division Financial and Strategic Goals Direct expense and fiscal responsibility of the division Divisional strategic goals Individual Multiplier Strategic Operational excellence Leadership and contributions to Broadcom s values and culture Annual cash incentive bonuses under the APB Plan are calculated as follows based on the performance components above and payable in cash: Base Salary x Bonus Target x Attainment % of Corporate Division Goals (1) x Individual Multiplier (paid during fiscal year) (% of base salary) Corporate Financial Goals (2) + Division Financial Strategic Goals (0-150%) (1) In the case of Dr. Kawwas, the corporate financial goals are weighted 100%. In the case of Ms. Spears and Mr. Brazeal, the corporate financial goals are weighted 50% and the division financial and strategic goals are weighted 50%. (2) Revenue and adjusted non-GAAP operating income are evenly weighted in the corporate financial goals. Corporate Financial Goals In December 2024, the Compensation Committee reviewed the structure of the APB Plan, including the metrics, targets and applicable adjustments. Following consultation with management and considering Broadcom s financial plan and strategic objectives, the Compensation Committee recommended, and the independent directors approved, the first pillar under the APB Plan the corporate financial goals. For fiscal 2025, revenue and adjusted non-GAAP operating income were selected as the metrics as they are readily measurable, comparable to peers, relevant to investors and, most importantly, short-term indicators of long-term value creation. The target levels were designed to require substantial effort to achieve and drive a significant increase in stockholder value with the same level of rigor as in prior performance periods. The APB Plan caps the payout at 150% of the target bonus opportunity for each component of the corporate financial goals. Each goal carried an equal weighting of 50% of the corporate financial goal pillar. 35 Table of Contents The corporate financial goals for the fiscal 2025 APB Plan are set forth below. Corporate Financial Goals Threshold Target Maximum Revenue (in millions) $ 54,429 $ 57,294 $ 60,159 Adjusted Non-GAAP Operating Income (as a % of revenue) 61.7% 63.7% 67.7% Division Financial and Strategic Goals In December 2024, the Compensation Committee, following consultation with management and considering Broadcom s financial plan and strategic objectives, set the second pillar under the APB Plan the division financial and strategic goals. These goals are based on the Compensation Committee s assessment of the business requirements of the applicable division and the relative importance of such goals to that division. For fiscal 2025, the division financial and strategic goals for Ms. Spears and Mr. Brazeal were based on confidential and proprietary metrics related to their specific divisions, including direct expense and fiscal responsibility. The division financial and strategic goals set by the Compensation Committee were designed to be difficult to attain and to require substantial effort by the executive officer and their division to achieve. The APB Plan caps the payout at 120% of the target bonus opportunity for division financial and strategic goals. Given the breadth of Dr. Kawwas responsibilities as President, Semiconductor Solutions Group, his attainment under the corporate and division goals pillar is based solely on the corporate financial goals. Individual Multiplier The third pillar under the APB Plan includes a review of each executive officer s performance during the fiscal year based on the following pre-established goals. Strategic M A activity, new product development, product innovation, advances in technology and/or growth initiatives Operational Excellence Operational efficiency, cybersecurity, risk, automation and organizational improvements Leadership, Values Culture Talent retention, employee engagement, succession planning and reinforcing Broadcom s values and culture The Compensation Committee conducts a performance review for each executive officer with input from our CEO (except his own) and each executive officer s individual multiplier is approved by the Compensation Committee. The individual multiplier may range between 50% and 150%. Executive officers who consistently meet and exceed their individual goals may receive an individual multiplier at or above 100% while executive officers who meet some, but not all, of their individual goals may receive an individual multiplier below 100%. The Compensation Committee may assign an individual multiplier of 0% for executive officers who do not meet any of their goals under the individual multiplier pillar of the APB Plan. Fiscal 2025 APB Plan Attainment In December 2025, the Compensation Committee and the independent directors reviewed Broadcom s actual performance for fiscal 2025, as well as the individual performance of our executive officers, to determine the level of achievement of the corporate financial goals and the division financial and strategic goals, and to assign an individual multiplier for each of our executive officers, excluding our CEO. 36 Table of Contents Corporate Financial Goals For the corporate financial goals for the fiscal 2025 APB Plan, actual attainment of revenue was approximately $63.9 billion and adjusted non-GAAP operating margin was 68.0%, both of which exceeded the pre-established target and maximum attainment levels of performance. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Corporate Financial Goals Target Actual Attainment % of Target Attainment (1) Revenue (in millions) $57,294 $63,887 150% Adjusted Non-GAAP Operating Income (as a % of revenue) 63.7% 68.0% 150% (1) Actual attainment exceeded the pre-established maximum goals, however the APB Plan caps the payout at 150% of the target bonus opportunity for each component of the corporate financial goals. Division Financial and Strategic Goals For Ms. Spears and Mr. Brazeal, the Compensation Committee evaluated their actual level of achievement of the pre-established division financial and strategic goals discussed above. Based on this evaluation, the Compensation Committee determined the division financial and strategic goals performance percentage for Ms. Spears and Mr. Brazeal as set forth below under Fiscal 2025 APB Plan Payout . Individual Multiplier The Compensation Committee, with input from our CEO, determined the individual multipliers for each of our NEOs (other than our CEO) for fiscal 2025 based on the pre-established goals related to strategy, operational excellence, and leadership, values and culture discussed above. The specific achievements of Ms. Spears, Mr. Brazeal and Dr. Kawwas that the Compensation Committee considered are set forth below. Kirsten M. Spears Managed record free cash flow of $26.9 billion and controlled capital expenditures, returning $11.1 billion in cash dividends and $2.5 billion in stock repurchases to our stockholders Directed capital allocation in a focused and balanced manner, including raising $15.8 billion in fixed rate debt and repaying $18.5 billion of outstanding fixed and floating rate debt Supported expansion of our existing and new business models and strategies through disciplined management of our cash flow, operating expenses and capital allocation Led global finance team operating in a complex environment, including investor relations, treasury, sales finance, SEC reporting, financial planning and analysis, global tax and insurance Mark D. Brazeal Implemented expansion of existing and new business models and strategies to maximize our ability to provide custom AI accelerators or XPUs, connectivity solutions, and racks or systems based on our XPUs to meet the unprecedented demand for compute and AI infrastructure Led execution of key strategic customer engagements that focused on providing our AI semiconductor solutions to address the needs and challenges of our AI customers Continued to drive complex regulatory matters, government relations and commercial litigation to support Broadcom s business and growth opportunities Managed legal strategy and risks, including leading a large-scale global legal team in areas of commercial litigation, commercial legal business matters, compliance and ethics, corporate governance, M A, cybersecurity, data protection and privacy 37 Table of Contents Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. Delivered a 22% increase in our semiconductor revenue through strategic leadership and management of the Semiconductor Solutions Group and industry-leading product portfolio Increased our AI semiconductor revenue 65% year-over-year to $20.2 billion and met the unprecedented demands of our customers for compute and AI infrastructure Achieved multiple strategic wins for our 