=== AVGO_2025-12-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors, Item 3: Legal Proceedings and Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These statements are indicated by words or phrases such as anticipate, expect, estimate, seek, plan, believe, could, intend, will, and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. These forward-looking statements may include our projected financial results or expectations regarding acquisitions, developments in technology and products. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections of our industry performance and macroeconomic conditions, based on management s judgment, beliefs, current trends and market conditions, and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Accordingly, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those disclosed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We undertake no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to Broadcom, we, our, and us mean Broadcom Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31. The fiscal year ended November 2, 2025 was a 52-week year. We refer to our fiscal years by the calendar year in which they end. 2 Table of Contents ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and semiconductor-based solutions and infrastructure software solutions. Our more than 60-year history of innovation dates back to our diverse origins from AT T/Bell Labs, Lucent and Hewlett-Packard Company, and has evolved through acquisitions, including LSI Corporation, Broadcom Corporation, Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., CA, Inc., Symantec Enterprise Security, and VMware, Inc. ( VMware ). Over the years, we have assembled a large team of semiconductor and software design engineers around the world. We maintain design, product and software development engineering expertise and resources at locations primarily in the U.S., Asia, and Europe. We combine global scale, engineering depth, broad product portfolio, superior execution and operational focus to deliver category-leading semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Business Strategy Our strategy is focused on sustained technology leadership and developing category-leading solutions to deliver a comprehensive suite of innovative infrastructure technology products to the world s leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through extensive internal research and development, as well as strategic acquisitions of businesses and technologies, to ensure our products retain their technology market leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. Products and Markets Semiconductor Solutions Our semiconductor and semiconductor-based solutions include a broad portfolio of complex digital and mixed signal devices based on silicon wafers with complementary metal oxide semiconductor ( CMOS ) transistors, III-V based devices, network interface cards ( NICs ) and other modules, switches, subsystems and, in some cases, racks. Our solutions are used in a wide array of environments, end products and applications, such as enterprise and artificial intelligence ( AI ) data centers, servers and networking and connectivity equipment, as well as storage systems, home connectivity devices, set-top boxes ( STB ), broadband access, telecommunication equipment, wireless devices and base stations, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. We differentiate ourselves through our high-performance design and integration capabilities, and focus on developing semiconductor products for markets that require our high quality, leading technology and integrated performance semiconductor and semiconductor-based solutions. Our semiconductor and semiconductor-based solutions also enable our customers to build and deploy AI data center infrastructure for their training and inference workloads and manage the movement of data across their AI network infrastructure based on open, flexible, standards-based Ethernet. In addition, our solutions enable accelerated compute and networking connectivity at scale, within and across AI server racks and across AI data center sites. Customers of these solutions are hyperscalers and companies with AI frontier models, as well as original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and system integrators that develop servers, switches and racks deployed in large-scale AI data centers to run training and inference workloads. Our AI semiconductor solutions include custom accelerators or XPUs, Ethernet switching and routing silicon, Ethernet NICs, physical layer devices ( PHYs ) and optical components, as well as racks and systems based on our XPUs. We offer our semiconductor and semiconductor-based solutions in five major end markets: Networking Connectivity, Wireless Device Connectivity, Servers and Storage Systems, Broadband and Industrial. Below is a description of our key solutions by end market and application. Networking Connectivity. Our solutions manage the movement of data in data center, service provider and enterprise networking applications. We develop semiconductor products that enable accelerated compute and networking connectivity deployed in enterprise and AI data centers and service providers for their workloads. Our products offer an open, flexible, standards-based Ethernet NIC and switching solution to resolve connectivity bottlenecks in data centers, particularly in AI data centers where compute bandwidth and cluster sizes grow rapidly. The following products can be used for both AI and non-AI workloads and applications. Custom Silicon Solutions : We provide advanced technology and intellectual property ( IP ) platforms for customers to design and develop application specific integrated circuits ( ASICs ) for AI and high-performance computing, networking and storage applications. Our custom silicon solutions provide the platform to integrate embedded logic, high-bandwidth memory, serializer/deserializer technology, IP cores and processor cores using advanced packaging technologies. ASICs are custom products built to our individual customers specifications, such as our custom accelerators or XPUs, for hyperscalers, companies with AI frontier models and system integrators, and in some cases used in racks or systems. 3 Table of Contents Ethernet Switching Routing : Ethernet is a ubiquitous interconnection technology that enables high-performance and cost-effective networking infrastructure. We offer a broad set of Ethernet switching and routing products that are optimized for enterprise and AI data center, service provider and enterprise networks. For our hyperscaler and other customers with AI frontier models, our high capacity, low-latency, switching silicon supports advanced protocols around virtualization and multi-pathing for data centers. Our Ethernet switching fabric technologies provide the ability to build highly scalable flat networks supporting tens of thousands of servers. Our service provider switch portfolio enables carrier networks to support prioritized delivery of data traffic in the wireless backhaul, access, aggregation and core of their networks. For enterprise networks, we offer product families with secure, encrypted switching capabilities and support lower power modes that comply with industry standards around energy efficient Ethernet. Ethernet NIC Controllers : Our Ethernet NIC controllers are designed for high-performance virtualization, intelligent flow processing, secure data center connectivity and machine learning. Physical Layer Devices : These devices are transceivers that enable the reception and transmission of Ethernet data packets over a physical medium such as copper wire or optical fibers. Our high-performance Ethernet transceivers are built upon a proprietary digital signal processing (DSP) communication architecture optimized for high-speed network connections and support the latest standards and advanced features, such as energy efficient Ethernet, data encryption and time synchronization. We also offer a range of automotive Ethernet products, including PHYs, switches and camera microcontrollers for in-vehicle connectivity and smart vision. Fiber Optic Components : We supply a wide array of optical components for the Ethernet networking, storage, and access, metro- and long-haul telecommunication markets. Our optical components enable the high-speed reception and transmission of data through optical fibers. Wireless Device Connectivity Solutions. We provide leading edge connectivity solutions for the wireless device market. Our products include radio frequency ( RF ) front-end modules and filters, Wi-Fi/Bluetooth combination chips, custom touch controllers and inductive charging devices. RF Semiconductor Devices : Our devices selectively filter, as well as amplify and route, RF signals. Filters enable modern wireless communication systems to support a large number of subscribers simultaneously by ensuring that the multiple transmissions and receptions of voice and data streams do not interfere with each other. Our RF devices include multi-chip front-end modules that integrate transmit/receive switching and filtering functions for multiple frequency bands, filter modules and discrete filters, all using our proprietary commercial film bulk acoustic resonator ( FBAR ) filter technology. Our expertise in FBAR technology, amplifier design, and module integration enables us to offer industry-leading performance in cellular RF transceiver applications. Connectivity Solutions : Our solutions are designed for use in wireless devices including smartphones, tablets and wearable products. We offer a family of high performance, low power Wi-Fi chipsets, as well as Bluetooth silicon and software products. These solutions include combination chips that offer integrated Wi-Fi and Bluetooth functionality, which provides significant performance advantages over discrete solutions. Custom Touch Controllers : Our touch controllers process signals from touch screens in wireless devices. Inductive Charging ASICs : These products offer high efficiency and are highly integrated solutions for wireless and wearable devices. Servers and Storage System Solutions. Our solutions enable secure movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems, to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives ( HDD ) and solid-state drives ( SSD ). PCIe Switches : Our interconnect semiconductors support the peripheral component interconnect express ( PCIe ) communication standards in both AI and non-AI applications. PCIe is the primary interconnection mechanism inside modern computing systems. SAS RAID Products : Our serial attached small computer system interface ( SAS ) and redundant array of independent disks ( RAID ) controller and adapter products enable secure and high-speed data transmission between a host computer, such as a server, and storage peripheral devices, such as HDD and SSD. RAID technology is a critical part of our server storage connectivity solutions as it provides protection against the loss of critical data resulting from HDD failures. Fibre Channel Products : We provide fibre channel host bus adapters that connect host computers such as servers to fibre channel storage area networking ( FC SAN ) products. HDD SSD Solutions : We provide read channel-based system-on-chip ( SoC ) and preamplifiers that are the critical chips required to read, write and protect data. An HDD SoC is an integrated circuit ( IC ) that combines the functionality 4 Table of Contents of a read channel, serial interface, memory and a hard disk controller in a small, high-performance, low-power and cost-effective package. Read channels convert analog signals that are generated by reading the stored data on the physical media into digital signals. Our preamplifiers, which are complex, high-speed, mixed signal devices that enable writing and reading data to and from the HDD heads, interface with the SoC to provide the electronics data path in a HDD. We also provide custom flash controllers that manage the underlying flash memory in SSDs, performing critical functions such as reading and writing data to and from the flash memory and performing error correction, wear leveling and bad block management. Broadband Solutions. We provide solutions for enabling STBs and broadband access applications. Set-Top Box : We offer complete SoC platform solutions for cable, satellite, Internet Protocol television, over-the-top and terrestrial STBs. Our solutions enable global service providers to introduce new and enhanced technologies and services in STBs, including transcoding, digital video recording functionality, high definition video processing, increased networking capabilities, and added tuners to enable fast channel change and multiple simultaneous recordings. Broadband Access : We offer complete SoC platform solutions for digital subscriber line, cable, passive optical networking ( PON ) and wireless local area network for both consumer premise equipment ( CPE ) and central office deployments. Our CPE devices are used in broadband modems, residential gateways and Wi-Fi access points and routers. Our solutions enable global service providers to continue deploying next generation broadband access technologies across multiple standards, including G.fast, Data Over Cable Service Interface Specifications, PON and Wi-Fi to provide more bandwidth and faster speeds to consumers. Industrial. We provide a broad variety of factory automation, renewable energy and automotive electronic solutions, including optocouplers, industrial fiber optics, industrial and medical sensors, motion encoders, light emitting diode devices, and Ethernet ICs. Our industrial products are used in a diverse set of applications, spanning industrial automation, power generation and distribution systems, medical systems and equipment, defense and aerospace, and vehicle subsystems including those used in electric vehicle powertrain, infotainment and advanced driver assistance systems. Infrastructure Software Our infrastructure software solutions help enterprises simplify their information technology ( IT ) environments. Many of the largest companies in the world, including most of the Fortune 500, and many government agencies rely on our infrastructure and security software solutions to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex private cloud, hybrid cloud and edge environments. This enables scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security, making it easy for customers to run their mission-critical workloads. We also offer mission-critical FC SAN products and related software in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products. We offer five major infrastructure software portfolios: Private Cloud, Mainframe Software, Cybersecurity, Enterprise Software and FC SAN Management. Below is a description of our key portfolio offerings. Private Cloud Software Portfolio. Our portfolio delivers public cloud scale and agility with private cloud security, resilience and performance, and lower total cost of ownership as compared to native public cloud, providing customers with infrastructure, application and security modernization, private AI as a service and enhanced cyber resilient data. VMware Cloud Foundation ( VCF ) : VCF delivers integrated, enterprise-class compute, networking, storage, management and security across any supported environment. VCF includes native Kubernetes to support both virtual machines and containerized workloads on a single platform, enables advanced AI and machine learning workloads at enterprise scale and offers integrated data services capabilities. Our solutions enhance our customers ability to continuously optimize performance and costs, protect the business from threats and enable the business to focus on outcomes instead of operations through advanced observability and insights. Our customers may select additional advanced services, such as VMware vDefend, VMware Avi Load Balancer, VMware Tanzu Platform, VMware Private AI and VMware Live Recovery, as well as business process workload automation and network observability solutions. VMware Cloud Foundation Edge : This solution is designed to deliver frictionless management of edge apps and infrastructure across many sites with limited resources. VMware vSphere Foundation : This software-defined solution provides compute, storage, networking and intelligent operations to help customers run modern applications on their existing infrastructure without added complexity. Telco Cloud Platform : This solution, built on VCF, supports network operations for telecom operators and communications service providers to modernize their infrastructure and allows them to create monetizable 5G and cloud services among others. This modernization is critical to enabling operational agility, onboarding and delivering services faster across domains while simplifying operations with automation. 5 Table of Contents VMware Private AI : This capability, when added to VCF, enables the use of generative AI technologies while addressing data privacy and compliance needs of our customers. VMware Live Recovery : Our disaster and ransomware recovery advanced service helps VCF customers to combat the evolving threat landscape through solutions and technologies that enable organizational resilience through rapid recovery of applications, data and critical business services. Application Networking and Security Portfolio : Our portfolio delivers zero-trust lateral security and modern load balancing solutions enabling global digital organizations to combat malware and ransomware as well as ensure resilient application delivery. These software-defined solutions provide distributed and scale-out architectures, deep application-level visibility, plug-and-play operations and self-service consumption. Customers can deploy our solutions at speed and operate them at scale across all their private cloud applications. Both VMware vDefend and VMware Avi Load Balancer solutions are available as advanced services for VCF. Application Development and Data Services Portfolio : Our Tanzu solutions provide an AI application development platform with built-in best practices, configurations and optimizations that allow developers to focus on building and deploying applications. Our solutions further enable application and AI teams to gain access to low-latency, real-time data whether on-premises or in the cloud to build AI applications that drive business value. VMware Tanzu Platform is also available as an advanced service for VCF. Mainframe Software Portfolio. Our portfolio includes AIOps Automation, Database Data Management, DevX DevOps, Cybersecurity Compliance and Foundational Open Mainframe solutions that enable customers to innovate with their mainframe as part of their hybrid environment, and amplify the value of their mainframe investments through open tools and technologies. AIOps Automation : These solutions combine an integrated platform for unifying tools, workflows and data across diverse sources to deliver end-to-end visibility into enterprise applications, enabling enhanced issue detection and streamlined remediation. Machine learning capabilities reduce complexity and deliver meaningful and actionable insights to augment and automate day-to-day operations. Databases Data Management : These high-performance tools store, organize and manage mainframe data enabling optimal performance, efficient administration, and reliability of critical systems. Customers can also manage their mainframe data storage using solutions that securely store data on any device, including the cloud. These software-only solutions are designed to save on costs and maintain confidence in data security. DevX DevOps : These solutions enable customers to accelerate software delivery while increasing code quality using our agile processes and tools. Our open-first strategy helps customers modernize their mainframe environment using open source and open application programming technologies across people, process, tooling and applications, resulting in greater synergy and alignment with their corporate IT environment. Cybersecurity Compliance Management : Our security solutions are designed to align the customer s mainframe platform with its enterprise security control mandates by managing mainframe access and using enhanced security practices such as multi-factor authentication and privileged user management, and supporting external security managers. Our solutions further protect crucial mainframe data to enable compliance, identify risk, proactively respond to potential threats and reduce those risks to lighten the load on security management with automated identification and authorization cleanup. Beyond Code Programs : These programs help our customers get the most out of their mainframe investments through educating and upskilling their workforce, providing expert guidance and support for change events, and uncovering opportunities to improve efficiency and save costs. Foundational Open Mainframe Solutions : Our foundational mainframe solutions deliver mission-critical core capabilities including security, automation, operations and resilience that enterprises rely on to ensure mainframes run at peak performance. Our open mainframe solutions extend these strengths by providing modern, API-driven, cloud-integrated tools that open the mainframe to hybrid IT environments and contemporary developer practices. Cybersecurity Portfolio. Our solutions utilize threat intelligence from a global network of security engineers, threat analyst and researchers, as well as advanced AI and machine learning engines, enabling customers to protect data, connect authorized users with trusted applications, protect data on any app, device or network across on-premises and cloud infrastructures, and detect and respond to advanced targeted attacks. Endpoint Security : Our Symantec and Carbon Black endpoint security solutions are designed to prevent, detect and respond to emerging threats across all devices and operating systems including laptops, desktops, wireless devices, servers and cloud workloads through an AI-driven security console and single agent solutions. 6 Table of Contents Network Security : Our array of network security solutions, as well as advanced threat protection technologies, are designed to stop inbound and outbound threats targeting end users, information and key infrastructure. Information Security : Our integrated information security solutions, based on an efficient, single-policy framework that can be applied across the entire environment, are designed to aid customers in identifying risky users and applications, and protecting their most sensitive data everywhere across endpoints, on-premises networks, cloud services and private applications. Application Security : Our solutions are designed to secure critical systems, prevent unwanted changes and provide continuous compliance with regulatory mandates. Our Carbon Black solutions employ a positive security model that secures often overlooked use cases such as end-of-life operating systems, critical systems, fixed function devices and air-gapped systems. Identity Access Management : Our solution mitigates the risk of cyber criminals gaining unauthorized access to sensitive resources and data through exploitation of user access and privileges by positively identifying legitimate users, enforcing granular access control policies, and streamlining access governance. Enterprise Software Portfolio. Our solutions enable global enterprises to optimize the planning, development and delivery of software, powering their business-critical digital services by aligning business, development, and operational teams. Our portfolio, organized in the domains of AIOps, Automation and Network Observability, DevOps, and Value Stream Management, delivers end-to-end visibility across all stages of the digital lifecycle. FC SAN Management. Our mission-critical FC SAN products are designed to help customers reduce the cost and complexity of managing business information within a shared data storage environment, enabling high levels of availability of mission-critical applications in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products. We deliver reliable and simplified management of these FC SAN products through our software-based management tools designed to maximize uptime, dramatically simplify storage area networking deployment and management, and provide high levels of visibility and insight into the storage network. Research and Development We are committed to continuous investment in product development and enhancement, with a focus on rapidly introducing new, proprietary products and releases. Many of our products have grown out of our own research and development efforts, and have given us competitive advantages in certain target markets due to performance differentiation. However, we opportunistically seek to enhance our capabilities through the acquisition of engineers with complementary research and development skills and complementary technologies and businesses. We focus our research and development efforts on the development of mission-critical, innovative, retentive and higher value product platforms and those that improve the quality and stability in our broadly-deployed products. We leverage our design capabilities in markets where we believe our innovation and reputation will allow us to earn attractive margins by developing high value-add products. We plan to continue investing in product development, both organically and through acquisitions, to drive growth in our business. We also invest in process development and improvements to product features and functions, as well as fabrication capabilities to optimize processes for devices that are manufactured internally. Our field application engineers, design engineers, and product and software development engineers are located around the world, and in many cases, near our top customers. This enhances our customer reach and our visibility into new product opportunities and, in the case of our semiconductor customers, enables us to support our customers in each stage of their product development cycle, from the early stages of production design to volume manufacturing and future growth. By collaborating with our customers, we have opportunities to develop high value-added, customized products and solutions for them that leverage our existing technologies. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant research and development investments in order to maintain our competitive position, and to ensure a continuous flow of innovative and retentive products and solutions. Customers, Sales and Distribution We sell our products and solutions through our direct sales force and a select network of distributors and channel partners globally. Distributors and OEMs, or their contract manufacturers ( CMs ), typically account for the substantial majority of our semiconductor sales. A relatively small number of customers account for a significant portion of our net revenue. Sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue for each of the fiscal years 2025 and 2024. We believe aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for each of the fiscal years 2025 and 2024. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Many of our semiconductor customers design products in North America or Europe that are then manufactured in Asia. To serve customers around the world, we have strategically developed relationships with large global electronic component 7 Table of Contents distributors, complemented by a number of regional distributors with customer relationships based on their respective product ranges. We also sell our products to a wide variety of OEMs or their CMs. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. Our direct sales force focuses on supporting our large OEM customers, and has specialized product and service knowledge that enables us to sell specific offerings at key levels throughout a customer s organization. Certain customers require us to contract with them directly and with specified intermediaries, such as CMs. Many of our major customer relationships have been in place for many years and are often the result of years of collaborative product development. This has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers requirements, including substantial system-level knowledge. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Many of our customers and their CMs often require time-critical delivery of our products to multiple locations around the world. With sales offices located in various countries, our primary warehouse in Malaysia, and dedicated regional customer support call centers, where we address customer issues and handle logistics and other order fulfillment requirements, we believe we are well-positioned to support our customers throughout the design, technology transfer and manufacturing stages across all geographies. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are in most major industries worldwide, including banks, insurance companies, other financial services providers, government agencies, global IT service providers, telecommunication providers, transportation companies, manufacturers, technology companies, retailers, educational organizations and health care institutions. Our private cloud infrastructure suite of solutions are available directly from Broadcom, resellers and distributors, hyperscale cloud providers, value-added OEMs and VMware cloud service provider partners. VCF provides license portability, which enables customers to purchase subscriptions of VCF software and move their VCF environments between on-premises data centers and supported cloud endpoints. We remain focused on strengthening relationships and increasing penetration within our existing core, mainframe, VMware, and Symantec endpoint customers and expanding the adoption of our enterprise software offerings with these customers. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Manufacturing We focus on maintaining an efficient global supply chain and a variable, low-cost operating model. Accordingly, we outsource a majority of our manufacturing operations, utilizing third-party foundry and assembly and test capabilities, as well as some of our corporate infrastructure functions. The majority of our front-end wafer manufacturing operations is outsourced to external foundries, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited ( TSMC ). We use third-party CMs for a significant majority of our assembly and test operations, including TSMC, Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Foxconn Technology Group, Amkor Technology, Inc. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd. We use our internal fabrication facilities for products utilizing our innovative and proprietary processes, such as our FBAR filters for wireless communications and our vertical-cavity surface emitting laser and side emitting lasers based on gallium arsenide ( GaAs ) and indium phosphide ( InP ) lasers for fiber optic communications, while outsourcing commodity processes such as standard CMOS. By doing so, we can protect our IP and accelerate time to market for our products. The majority of our internal III-V semiconductor wafer fabrication is done in the U.S. and Singapore. We purchase materials from hundreds of suppliers on a global basis. These purchases are generally on a purchase order basis and some parts are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time and cost necessary for re-design or qualification. To address the potential disruption in our supply chain, we may use a number of techniques, including redesigning products for alternative components, making incremental or lifetime purchases, or qualifying more than one source of supply. Our long-term relationships with our suppliers allow us to proactively manage our technology development and product discontinuance plans, and to monitor our suppliers' financial health. We also have a long history of operating in Asia where we manufacture and source the majority of our products and materials. We store the majority of our product inventory in our warehouse in Malaysia and our presence in Asia places us in close proximity to many of our customers manufacturing facilities. Competition The markets in which we participate are highly competitive. Our competitors range from large international companies offering a wide range of products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets. We expect the trend toward consolidation within many industries to continue, as some of our competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors, while others have begun collaborating with each other. We also expect competition in these markets to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings and as new companies, including some of our customers, enter the markets. Additionally, our ability to compete effectively depends on a number of factors, including: quality, technical performance, price, product features, product system compatibility, system-level design capability, 8 Table of Contents engineering expertise, responsiveness to customers, new product innovation, product availability, delivery timing and reliability, and customer sales and technical support. Competitors in semiconductor solutions include integrated device manufacturers, fabless semiconductor companies and the internal resources of large integrated OEMs. In infrastructure software, we compete with large enterprise software vendors that provide cloud, security, mainframe, enterprise and other software solutions, many of whom continue to expand their product and service offerings and consolidate offerings into broad product lines, and others who are smaller, niche players focused on specific markets. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and similar IP, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants, and through security measures to protect our trade secrets. We believe our current product expertise, key engineering talent and IP portfolio provide us with a strong platform from which to develop application specific products in key target markets. As of November 2, 2025, we had approximately 19,000 U.S. and other patents and 2,170 U.S. and other pending patent applications. The expiration dates of our patents range from 2025 to 2044, with a small number of patents expiring in the near future, none of which are expected to be material to our IP portfolio. We are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. We focus our patent application program to a greater extent on those inventions and improvements that we believe are likely to be incorporated into our products, as contrasted with more basic research. However, we do not know how many of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or the extent to which the examination process could require us to narrow our claims. We and our predecessors have also entered into a variety of IP licensing and cross-licensing arrangements that have both benefited our business and enabled some of our competitors. A portion of our revenue comes from IP licensing royalty payments and from litigation settlements relating to such IP. We also license third-party technologies that are incorporated into some elements of our design activities, products and manufacturing processes. Historically, licenses of the third-party technologies used by us have generally been available to us on acceptable terms. The industries in which we compete are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by the vigorous pursuit, protection and enforcement of IP rights, including by patent holding companies that do not make or sell products. Some of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party IP infringement claims arising from our products. Claims of this sort could harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. With respect to any IP rights claims against us or our customers or distributors, we may be required to defend ourselves or our customers or distributors in litigation, cease manufacturing the infringing products, pay damages, expend resources to develop non-infringing technology, seek a license which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or relinquish patents or other IP rights. In addition, the proprietary portions of our source code for our infrastructure software are protected both as a trade secret and as copyrighted works. Except with respect to software components that are subject to open source licenses, our customers do not generally have access to the source code for our software. Rather, on-premises customers typically access only the executable code for our software, and SaaS customers access only the functionality of our SaaS offerings. Under certain contingent circumstances, some of our customers are beneficiaries of a source code escrow arrangement that would enable them to obtain a limited right to access and use our source code if specific conditions are met. Employees Our continued success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain our workforce in a highly competitive labor market. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel are a critical asset. We measure our employees engagement by our voluntary attrition rate and employee feedback. Our global voluntary attrition rate in fiscal year 2025 was approximately 4.1%, which is below the technology industry benchmark (AON, 2025 Salary Increase and Turnover Study First Edition, May 2025). We also track the portion of our workforce in research and development roles. As of November 2, 2025, we had approximately 33,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 57% in research and development roles. By geography, approximately 49% of our employees are located in North America, 36% in Asia, and 15% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 9 Table of Contents Governmental Regulation We are subject to numerous regulations and laws in the United States and abroad involving matters central to our business. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. We are subject to regulation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar environmental, health and safety laws in other jurisdictions. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental, health and safety laws to our business will not require us to incur significant expenditures. Our semiconductor manufacturing operations and research and development involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health, safety and the environment. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants to air, water, and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations; and treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements, including legislation enacted in the U.S., European Union and China, among a growing number of jurisdictions, which have placed greater restrictions on the use of lead, among other restricted substances, in electronic products, which affects materials composition and semiconductor packaging. In addition, our business is subject to various import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders, and rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Organization for Standardization, as well as regulation by other agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. These laws, regulations and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally and may continue to become more stringent over time. We may incur significant expenditures in future periods as a result. For additional information about governmental regulations applicable to our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our website is www.broadcom.com. At the Investor Center page on this website, we promptly make available free of charge the reports we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as well as our proxy statements. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information About Our Executive Officers The following table provides information regarding our executive officers as of December 18, 2025: Name and Title Age Position and Offices Hock E. Tan 74 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Kirsten M. Spears 61 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Mark D. Brazeal 57 Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. 55 President, Semiconductor Solutions Group Hock E. Tan has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2006. He was President and Chief Executive Officer at Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc., a publicly traded timing solutions IC company, from 1999 until its acquisition by Integrated Device Technology, Inc. in 2005. He also served in various executive roles at ICS, including as Chief Operating Officer from 1996 to 1999 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to 1999. He was Vice President of Finance at Commodore International, Ltd. from 1992 to 1994, and held senior management positions at PepsiCo, Inc. and General Motors Corporation. He was managing director of Pacven Investment, Ltd., a venture capital fund in Singapore, from 1988 to 1992, and was managing director of Hume Industries Ltd. in Malaysia from 1983 to 1988. He also has served as a Member of the President s National Security and Telecommunications Advisory Committee since 2020. Kirsten M. Spears has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer since December 2020. She served as our Principal Accounting Officer from March 2016 to December 2020 and Vice President and Corporate Controller from May 2014 to December 2020. She was Vice President and Corporate Controller at LSI Corporation from 2007 until its acquisition by us in 2014. She held several management positions in accounting and reporting at LSI from 1997 to 2007. She also worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP prior to joining LSI. 10 Table of Contents Mark D. Brazeal has served as our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer since December 2021. He served as our Chief Legal Officer from March 2017 to December 2021. He was Chief Legal Officer and Senior Vice President, IP Licensing for SanDisk Corporation from 2014 until its acquisition by Western Digital Corporation in 2016. He held several senior legal positions at Broadcom Corporation from 2000 to 2014, including Senior Vice President and Senior Deputy General Counsel in charge of all commercial, operational, IP licensing and litigation matters. He was also an attorney in the transactional and IP groups at the law firms of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati PC, Yuasa Hara and Howrey Simon LLP prior to joining Broadcom Corporation. Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. has served as our President, Semiconductor Solutions Group since July 2022. He served as our Chief Operating Officer from December 2020 to July 2022, Senior Vice President and Chief Sales Officer from June 2015 to December 2020 and Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales from May 2014 to June 2015. He was head of worldwide sales at LSI Corporation from 2010 until its acquisition by us in 2014. He held several executive leadership positions at LSI from 2007 to 2010, including Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the networking division and Vice President of Marketing for the networking and storage products group. He was also the leader of Product Line Management for the Optical Ethernet and Multi-service Edge portfolio at Nortel Networks Corporation prior to joining LSI. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. The following material factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, our reputation or the trading price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on us. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations and trade restrictions. Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect us. We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry that is undergoing profound change due to AI. A significant reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect us. A slow or the unsuccessful return on our investments in research and development, expansion of our business strategy or adoption of new business models could adversely affect us. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is an unpredictable process that often requires us to incur significant expenses, evolve our business strategy or adopt a new business model, which may negatively impact our results of operations, gross margin or cash flows. Dependence on a limited number of contract manufacturers and suppliers of critical materials and components within our supply chain, and potential failure to adjust such manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand, may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and our results of operations. We are dependent on senior management and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin. Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology ( IT ) systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. A prolonged disruption of our or our customers or suppliers facilities or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on us. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners. Failure of our software portfolio to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments and our use of open source software in certain software and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. The growth of our software business depends on demand for our data center virtualization portfolio, as well as customer acceptance of our software, services and business strategy. Incompatibility of our software portfolio with operating environments, platforms, or third-party products may adversely affect demand for our software and services. Failure to enter into software license agreements on a satisfactory basis could adversely affect us. Our sales to government customers subject us to uncertainties and additional governmental regulations. Failure to effectively manage our software solutions and services lifecycles could harm our business. Competition in our industries could prevent us from growing our revenue. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations. We have pursued, and may in the future pursue, mergers, acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We may be involved in legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our business. 12 Table of Contents Failure to protect the IP utilized in our business could adversely affect our business. We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs. We are subject to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. Corporate responsibility matters may adversely affect our relationships with customers and investors and increase compliance costs. We must comply with a variety of technical standards, domestic and international laws and regulations in the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors. Risks Related to Our Taxes Our income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors that could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results. If our tax incentives or tax holiday arrangements change or cease to be in effect or applicable, our corporate income taxes could significantly increase. We have potential tax liabilities as a result of VMware s former controlling ownership by Dell, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to execute our business strategy. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock Our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value. The amount and frequency of our stock repurchases may fluctuate. There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. Risks Related to Our Business Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity. A general weakening of the economy globally or in a particular region or industry, uncertainty and volatility in financial markets, efforts of governments to stimulate or stabilize the economy or to achieve specific policy objectives such as onshoring of semiconductor manufacturing and other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, higher interest rates, tightening of the credit markets, recession or slowing growth, as well as an increase in trade tensions and related tariffs with U.S. trading partners, could negatively impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. Adverse global economic conditions have from time to time caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the industries and markets in which we operate, which have adversely affected our business and results of operations. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty may also make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating results, and market volatility stemming from current macroeconomic events may materially impact our cash flow and our ability to raise or refinance debt at favorable rates. An escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners may continue to result in trade restrictions and increased protectionism on both ends that harm our ability to participate in some markets or compete effectively. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions, further tariffs and escalations of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, increased geopolitical volatility, and the decoupling of the global economies could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade. Such events may also (i) cause our customers and end-users to reduce, delay or forgo technology spending, (ii) result in customers sourcing products from other suppliers not subject to such restrictions or tariffs or to develop these products themselves, (iii) lead to the insolvency or consolidation of key suppliers and customers, and (iv) intensify pricing pressures. Any or all of these factors could negatively affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to various domestic and international laws and other legal requirements, including antitrust and import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders. These laws, 13 Table of Contents regulations, orders, tariffs, federal policies and other governmental actions are complex, continue to evolve and change frequently with limited notice and generally become more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these legal requirements or respond to any governmental actions. In addition, if our suppliers or customers fail or choose not to comply with these legal requirements or governmental actions, we may be required to suspend purchasing from such suppliers or selling to such customers, which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The U.S. government continues to add companies to its restricted entity list and/or technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries and impose other restrictions or requirements, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue, supply chain and our ability to manufacture or sell our products. These restrictive governmental actions and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with U.S. trading partners, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effectively or otherwise negatively affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, foreign government authorities have proposed and/or may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions for the supply of products or require the license or other transfer of IP, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Uncertainty due to such evolving policies or actions also may disrupt our supply chain and if we are unable to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts from such measures, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and operations are also subject to regulation by U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. We have been, and may in the future be, involved or required to participate in regulatory investigations or inquiries from regulatory authorities in Korea, Japan and the European Union into certain of our contracting and business practices, which have and may in the future evolve into legal or other administrative proceedings. The technology industry is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase our exposure to government investigations, regulations, legal actions and penalties. Involvement in regulatory investigations or inquiries can be costly, lengthy, complex and time-consuming, diverting the attention and energies of our management and technical personnel. If any pending or future governmental investigations result in an unfavorable resolution, we could be required to cease the manufacture and sale of the subject products or technology, pay fines or disgorge profits or other payments, and/or cease certain conduct and/or modify our contracting or business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A majority of our products are produced, sourced and sold internationally and our international revenue represents a significant percentage of our overall revenue. Multiple factors relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include: changes in political, regulatory, legal or economic conditions, geopolitical turmoil (including China-Taiwan relations), including terrorism, war or political or military coups, state-sponsored or politically motivated cyber-attacks, civil disturbances, or political instability (foreign and domestic); restrictive or retaliatory governmental actions, such as restrictions on the transfer or repatriation of funds and foreign investments, data privacy regulations, sustainability-related regulations, trade protection measures, including increasing protectionism and economic nationalism, import/export restrictions (including with regards to advanced technologies), import/export duties and quotas, trade sanctions, and customs duties and tariffs, all of which have increased and may further increase; changes in global tax regulations; difficulty in obtaining product distribution and support, and transportation delays; potential inability to localize our software; difficulty in enforcing contracts, collecting accounts receivables and maintaining appropriate financial controls; difficulty in conducting due diligence with respect to business partners; public health or safety concerns, medical epidemics or pandemics, and other natural- or man-made disasters; and nationalization of businesses and expropriation of assets. While U.S. tariffs and counter-tariffs, including semiconductor-related tariffs, have not had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations, tariffs and other macroeconomic factors could materially increase costs and disrupt our supply chain. We continuously manage product availability and costs in our supply chain to mitigate the direct and indirect impact of tariffs and other macroeconomic impacts. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on 14 Table of Contents several factors outside of our control. If we are unable to effectively navigate these changes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price. A significant legal risk associated with conducting business internationally is compliance with the various and differing laws and regulations of the many countries in which we do business. Although our policies and procedures prohibit us, our employees and our agents from engaging in unethical business practices and are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that all of these measures will be effective in preventing violations or claims of violations. Any such violation or perceived violation could have a material adverse effect on our business. We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry that is undergoing profound change due to AI. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is subject to rapid price erosion, wide fluctuations in product supply and demand, constant and rapid technological change, evolving technical standards and evolving product applications. The semiconductor industry is undergoing profound change due to the adoption and proliferation of AI and has experienced a significant upturn, which may not be sustainable. The growth of AI is creating pressure on the semiconductor industry to timely design, manufacture and deliver semiconductor products and solutions to meet customer demand for computing power and AI infrastructure. Some of these AI customers may have constrained resources or capital and may be unable to pay for their required AI infrastructure and/or seek alternative financings or novel or deferred payment models from their vendors and suppliers. If our AI customers substantially reduce their expansion plans, cancel, reduce or delay their orders, are unable to generate the profit required to offset their spending or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations and we cannot offset the downturn in their business, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price. A significant reduction in demand from certain customers or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. We have historically depended on a small number of end customers, OEMs, their respective contract manufacturers ( CMs ) and certain distributors for a majority of our business and revenue. For fiscal year 2025, sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue. We believe aggregate sales, through all channels, to our top five end customers accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2025. This customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by these customers. In addition, some customers may reduce the amount of products or decline to purchase from us due to reduced capital expenditure spending, lack of access to sufficient capital, downturn in their business, purchases from our competitors or their internal development of the products. When our semiconductor customers agree to purchase specific quantities of products or source an agreed portion of their product needs from us, such arrangements often include pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of the volume of products purchased, and those customers from time to time may not or do not purchase the amount of product we expect. Moreover, our top customers, including our AI customers, may make and have made greater demands on us with regards to pricing and contractual terms, such as seeking to lease AI racks or systems based on our XPUs instead of purchasing, as well as alternative financings for such leases or other novel or deferred payment models. As a result, we may not generate the amount of revenue or free cash flow or achieve the level of profitability that we or investors expect under such arrangements, and/or such arrangements may increase our exposure to credit or customer default risks. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our top customers, including our customers for our custom AI accelerators or XPUs or AI racks or systems based on our XPUs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A slow or the unsuccessful return on our investments in research and development, expansion of our business strategy or adoption of new business models could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and margins. The industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new technological developments such as AI and cloud computing, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product cycles, evolving industry standards, and new delivery methods. In addition, to compete successfully in the semiconductor industry, we must continue to develop and respond to technological advancements and requirements, such as low-power consumption, higher bandwidth and large compute clusters, and we have, from time to time, evolved our business strategy and adopted new business models to address the needs and challenges of our customers. Failure to successfully develop increasingly advanced technologies, including our custom AI accelerators or XPUs, network switches and other AI-related products, or execute on new strategies or models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs could impair our competitive position. In order to remain competitive, we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development, expand our business strategy or adopt new business models. If we fail to timely develop new and enhanced products and technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely 15 Table of Contents adopted, if new competitive technologies that we do not support become widely accepted, or if we are unable to successfully execute on new business strategies or models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs, demand for our products and solutions such as our custom AI accelerators or XPUs, network switches or other AI-related products may be reduced. Slow or unsuccessful investments in our research and development efforts or expansion or modification of our business strategies and models and incurring significant expenses for these actions, would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and margins. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is an unpredictable process that is often lengthy in time and requires us to incur significant expenses, evolve our business strategy or adopt a new business model, which may negatively impact our results of operations, gross margin or cash flows. Our semiconductor business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as design wins. These selection processes are often lengthy in time and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Failure to obtain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product. This can result in lost revenue and can weaken our position in future selection processes. Winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer. Customers could accelerate, delay or cancel plans, use their own products, purchase products from our competitors, fail to qualify our products, reduce or discontinue use of our products, or fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce demand for our products and cause us to hold a material amount of excess inventory, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may also be unable to materially recoup our costs or resell our products to other customers due to the custom nature of certain products. The timing of design wins is unpredictable and implementing production for a major design win or multiple design wins at the same time, such as our design wins for our custom AI accelerators or XPUs, network switches and other AI-related products, may strain our resources and those of our CMs. Some of our customers who have selected us may also have constrained resources or capital but require immediate availability of our custom XPUs. In such event, we may dedicate significant additional resources or execute on new business strategies or models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs to our customers with alternative financings or novel or deferred payment models, which could result in additional costs, expenses, credit or customer default risks, reduced gross margin and cash flows. Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes CMs, such as third-party wafer foundries. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry, either our own or with a particular CM. Qualifying and establishing reliable production at acceptable yields with a new CM, if at all, is a lengthy and often expensive process. We depend on our CMs to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity and critical components to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields and prices, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. We do not generally have long-term capacity commitments with our CMs and substantially all of our manufacturing services are on a purchase order basis with no minimum quantities. Further, our CMs may fail to timely develop or successfully implement new, advanced manufacturing processes, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. From time to time, our CMs may also cease to, or become unable to, manufacture a component for us, and have had capacity constraints in times of unprecedented demand. During fiscal year 2025, approximately 95% of the wafers manufactured by our CMs were produced by TSMC. We believe our wafer requirements represent a meaningful portion of TSMC s total production capacity. However, TSMC also fabricates wafers for other companies, including some of our competitors, and could choose or be required to materially prioritize capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice. In addition, TSMC has raised, and may in the future raise, their prices to manufacture our wafers. If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may be unable to meet our customers demand, or to the same extent as our competitors, fail to meet our contractual obligations or forgo revenue opportunities. This could damage our relationships with our customers, result in litigation for alleged failure to meet our obligations, or result in payment of significant damages, and our net revenue could decline, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and gross margin. 16 Table of Contents Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, evolving our business strategy or adopting new business models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs, production schedules, levels of reliance on CMs and outsourcing, internal fabrication utilization and other resource requirements, based on customer requirements or estimates thereof, which may not be accurate and could result in reallocation of resources. Many factors could impact our estimates of customers demands, including changes in product development cycles, competing technologies and product releases, new or unexpected end-user products or applications, such as demand for AI-related products and solutions, and changes in business and economic conditions. Our customers may also underestimate the data center or related power or water capacity needed to address end-user demand, which may impact our ability to timely satisfy their requirements. In addition, where our products are part of larger infrastructure projects like data centers, any supply constraints or availability issues with respect to any one component may impact our revenue or our results of operations. The Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America Act could also result in an increase in supply leading to excess inventory and a decrease in average selling prices. If we are unable to timely respond to changes in customer demand or execute on new business strategies or models, this could damage our customer relationships, harm our reputation, prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We purchase a significant amount of the materials, including components, used in our products from a limited number of suppliers. Our manufacturing processes and those of our CMs rely on many materials, including silicon, gallium arsenide and indium phosphide ( InP ) wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. During fiscal year 2025, we purchased approximately two-thirds of our manufacturing materials from five materials suppliers, some of which are single source suppliers. The lead time needed to identify and qualify a new supplier is typically lengthy and there is often no readily available alternative source. We do not generally have long-term contracts with our materials suppliers and substantially all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis. Suppliers have previously, and may in the future, extend lead times, limit supplies, place products on allocation or increase prices, any of which could disrupt supply or increase demand in the industry. Additionally, the supply of these materials has been, from time to time, impacted by increased trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, particularly China, and the uncertainty due to evolving trade restrictions. Any such supply constraints could result in loss of revenue opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team. Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, and, in particular, the services of Hock E. Tan, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective succession planning is also important for our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfers of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execution. None of our senior management is bound by written employment contracts. In addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. The loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. Our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, adoption of a new business model, price erosion, level of capacity utilization and commodity prices. Our gross margin is highly dependent on our product mix, as well as the timing and amount of our revenue from our semiconductor solutions, software licensing and other products or solutions. In addition, increased competition and the existence of product alternatives, more complex engineering requirements, lower demand, shifts in spending priorities, constrained resources or capital of our customers, unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry oversupply or reductions in our technological lead compared to our competitors, and other factors have in the past and may in the future lead to further price erosion, lower revenue and lower gross margin. The gross margin for our semiconductor solutions has typically been lower than our infrastructure software solutions. The sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs will likely increase our operating margin but compress or lower future gross margin, which would adversely impact our stock price. Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business depends on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, including cloud-based and other critical corporate services relating to, among other things, product research and development, financial reporting, product orders 17 Table of Contents and fulfillment, HR, benefit plan administration, IT network management, and electronic communication and collaboration services. These systems and services are both internally managed and outsourced, and in many cases we rely upon third-party data centers. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. Although these systems are designed to protect and secure our customers , suppliers and employees confidential information, as well as our own proprietary information, we are, out of necessity, dependent on our vendors and third-party data centers to adequately address cybersecurity threats to their own systems and infrastructure, and timely deploy necessary mitigations. In addition, software products we use and technologies produced by us have occasionally had in the past and may have in the future, vulnerabilities that, if left unmitigated, could reduce the overall level of security of the systems on which the software is installed. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, are well-financed, in some cases supported by state actors, and are designed to not only attack, but also to evade detection. Since the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems, or to otherwise sabotage them, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched against a target, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. The emergence and maturation of AI capabilities may also lead to new and/or more sophisticated methods of attack, including fraud that relies upon deep fake impersonation technology or other forms of generative automation that may scale up the efficiency or effectiveness of cyber threat activity. As a critical vendor in the digital supply chain for both governmental entities and critical infrastructure operators, we and our products may be targeted by those seeking to threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of systems supporting essential public services. Geopolitical instability may increase the likelihood that we will experience direct or collateral consequences from cyber conflicts between nation-states or other politically motivated actors targeting critical technology infrastructure. Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access to our information systems or the systems of our service providers and business partners, or the existence of computer viruses or malware (such as ransomware) in our or their data or software have in the past exposed, and could in the future expose, us to a risk of information loss, business disruption, and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information, including information relating to our products or customers and the personal information of our employees or third parties. Such an event could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation, loss of our trade secrets and other competitive information, litigation by affected parties and possible financial obligations for liabilities and damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, significant remediation costs, disruption of key business operations and significant diversion of our resources, as well as fines and other sanctions resulting from any regulatory non-compliance, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, profitability and financial condition. While we may be entitled to damages if our vendors fail to perform under their agreements with us, any award may be insufficient to cover the actual costs incurred by us and, as a result of a vendor s failure to perform, we may be unable to collect any damages. Despite our internal controls and investment in security measures, we have, from time to time, been subject to disruptive cyber-attacks and unauthorized network intrusions and malware on our own IT networks or those of our service providers or business partners. Although no such cybersecurity incidents have been material to us, we continue to devote resources to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, and we may be required to expend greater resources in the future. Businesses we acquire have previously increased, and may continue to increase, the scope and complexity of our IT networks, and this has, from time to time, increased our risk exposure to cyber-attacks when there are difficulties integrating diverse legacy systems that support operations for the acquired businesses. In addition, certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees, contractors and other trusted partners reliably safeguarding secrets (e.g., application credentials) and adhering to our security policies and access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and expect in the future to experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle such secrets or adhere to such policies and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat will not result in a material cyber incident. Our logging, alerting and cyber incident detection mechanisms have technical limitations that, in some instances, have led, and may in the future lead, to gaps in visibility into events occurring on systems targeted by threat actors or other unauthorized activities, and have not and may not always capture or surface information sufficient to timely detect and take responsive action to insider or external threats. U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as well as customers and service providers, have also increased their focus on cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Compliance with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions concerning privacy, cybersecurity, secure technology development, data governance, data protection, confidentiality and IP could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties and may also 18 Table of Contents increase our overall compliance burden. See also Failure of our software portfolio to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our engineering and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. Our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel, such as our AI-related product engineers and cybersecurity experts, are a significant asset. Competition for these employees is significant in many areas of the world in which we operate, particularly in Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia where qualified engineers are in high demand. In addition, current or future immigration laws may make it more difficult to hire or retain qualified engineers, further limiting the pool of available talent. We believe equity awards provide a powerful long-term retention incentive and have historically granted these awards to the substantial majority of our employees. If we are unable to continue our current equity granting philosophy or our stock underperforms, this could impair our efforts to attract and retain necessary personnel. Any inability to retain, attract or motivate such personnel and provide competitive employment benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A prolonged disruption of our or our customers or suppliers facilities or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model, we also rely on our own manufacturing facilities, in particular in Fort Collins, Colorado, Singapore, and Breinigsville, Pennsylvania. Our Fort Collins and Breinigsville facilities are the sole sources for the FBAR filters used in many of our wireless devices and for the InP-based wafers used in our fibre optics products, respectively. Many of our facilities, and those of our CMs and suppliers, are concentrated in the same geographic regions of California and the Pacific Rim, which have above average seismic, wildfire, and severe weather activity, and increases the risk of natural disasters impacting multiple suppliers. In addition, a significant majority of our research and development personnel are located in the U.S. and India, and our primary warehouse is in Malaysia. A prolonged disruption at or shut-down of one or more of our manufacturing or other facilities or those of our CMs, suppliers or customers, including data centers, due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as climate change, severe weather events, water or power shortages, political unrest, military conflicts, geopolitical turmoil, trade tensions, government orders, labor shortages, medical epidemics, economic instability, equipment failure or for any other reason, would limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development until a replacement facility and equipment, if necessary, were found, and could destroy our hardware products, inventory or equipment. To date, such events have not had a material adverse effect on our business. However, such an event could disrupt our operations, forgo revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share, result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand, expose us to claims by our customers, result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities, products or equipment, and, in some instances, could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or target market, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business. This disruption could also prevent our customers from resuming their own manufacturing or providing services, including through their AI data centers, following such an event, they may cancel or scale back their orders from us and this may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. We may not have any or sufficient insurance coverage to recoup the losses and such events could also result in increased fixed costs relative to the revenue we generate and adversely affect our results of operations. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must maintain appropriate capacity and product yields at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand. From time to time, this requires us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilities, which may not be sufficient or in time, to meet customer demand and we may have to put customers on product allocation, forgo sales or lose customers as a result. Conversely, if we overestimate customer demand, we would experience excess capacity and fixed costs at these facilities will not be fully absorbed, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Similarly, reduced product yields, due to design or manufacturing issues or otherwise, may involve significant time and cost to remedy and cause delays in our ability to supply product to our customers, all of which could cause us to forgo sales, incur liabilities or lose customers, and harm our results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sell-through. We sell our products through a direct sales force and a select network of distributors and other channel partners globally. Sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue in fiscal year 2025 and are subject to a number of risks, including: 19 Table of Contents fluctuations in demand based on our distributors product inventory levels, and the timing of delivery to and demand of end customers; our distributors and other channel partners are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our products to their customers and may market and distribute competing products; and our distributors and other channel partners agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause. Our dependence on channel partners has increased following the acquisition of VMware. Failure to maintain good relationships with our distributors and channel partners could materially adversely impact our business. In addition, we sell our semiconductor products through an increasingly limited number of distributors, which exposes us to additional customer concentration and related credit risks. From time to time, we enlist our distributors and channel partners to lead go-to-market and customer relationships for certain products, such as our Accelerate Program and Catalyst Initiative for certain infrastructure software products, with certain sole distribution relationships by region. To the extent these distributors and channel partners fail to maintain good relationships with our customers or we are unable to continue enlisting our distributors and channel partners to lead go-to-market and customer relationships, our business, operating results and cash flow may be adversely impacted. We do not always have a direct relationship with the end customers of our products. As a result, our semiconductor products may be used in applications for which they were not necessarily designed or tested, and the misuse or failure of our semiconductor products could result in significant liabilities to us, damage our reputation and harm our business, operating results and cash flow. Failure of our software portfolio to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business. Certain aspects of our software portfolio are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cyber-attacks. Open source code or other third-party software used in these products could also be targeted and may make our software vulnerable to additional security risks not posed by purely proprietary software. Our software portfolio is complex and, when deployed, has contained in the past and may contain in the future errors, defects or security vulnerabilities, some of which were undiscovered before the software was released, installed and used by customers. The complexity and breadth of our technical and production environments, which involve globally dispersed development and engineering teams, increases the risk that errors, defects or vulnerabilities will be introduced and may delay our ability to detect, mitigate or remediate 