=== AVGO_2025-12-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. The following material factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, our reputation or the trading price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business • Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on us. • Our business is subject to various governmental regulations and trade restrictions. • Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect us. • We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry that is undergoing profound change due to AI. • A significant reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect us. • A slow or the unsuccessful return on our investments in research and development, expansion of our business strategy or adoption of new business models could adversely affect us. • Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is an unpredictable process that often requires us to incur significant expenses, evolve our business strategy or adopt a new business model, which may negatively impact our results of operations, gross margin or cash flows. • Dependence on a limited number of contract manufacturers and suppliers of critical materials and components within our supply chain, and potential failure to adjust such manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand, may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and our results of operations. • We are dependent on senior management and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. • Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin. • Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology (“IT”) systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. • A prolonged disruption of our or our customers’ or suppliers’ facilities or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on us. • We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities. • We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners. • Failure of our software portfolio to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments and our use of open source software in certain software and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. • The growth of our software business depends on demand for our data center virtualization portfolio, as well as customer acceptance of our software, services and business strategy. • Incompatibility of our software portfolio with operating environments, platforms, or third-party products may adversely affect demand for our software and services. • Failure to enter into software license agreements on a satisfactory basis could adversely affect us. • Our sales to government customers subject us to uncertainties and additional governmental regulations. • Failure to effectively manage our software solutions and services lifecycles could harm our business. • Competition in our industries could prevent us from growing our revenue. • Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations. • We have pursued, and may in the future pursue, mergers, acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. • We may be involved in legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our business. 12 Table of Contents • Failure to protect the IP utilized in our business could adversely affect our business. • We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability. • The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs. • We are subject to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. • Corporate responsibility matters may adversely affect our relationships with customers and investors and increase compliance costs. • We must comply with a variety of technical standards, domestic and international laws and regulations in the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors. Risks Related to Our Taxes • Our income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors that could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results. • If our tax incentives or tax holiday arrangements change or cease to be in effect or applicable, our corporate income taxes could significantly increase. • We have potential tax liabilities as a result of VMware’s former controlling ownership by Dell, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness • Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to execute our business strategy. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock • Our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value. • The amount and frequency of our stock repurchases may fluctuate. • There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. Risks Related to Our Business Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity. A general weakening of the economy globally or in a particular region or industry, uncertainty and volatility in financial markets, efforts of governments to stimulate or stabilize the economy or to achieve specific policy objectives such as onshoring of semiconductor manufacturing and other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, higher interest rates, tightening of the credit markets, recession or slowing growth, as well as an increase in trade tensions and related tariffs with U.S. trading partners, could negatively impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. Adverse global economic conditions have from time to time caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the industries and markets in which we operate, which have adversely affected our business and results of operations. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty may also make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating results, and market volatility stemming from current macroeconomic events may materially impact our cash flow and our ability to raise or refinance debt at favorable rates. An escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners may continue to result in trade restrictions and increased protectionism on both ends that harm our ability to participate in some markets or compete effectively. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions, further tariffs and escalations of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, increased geopolitical volatility, and the decoupling of the global economies could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade. Such events may also (i) cause our customers and end-users to reduce, delay or forgo technology spending, (ii) result in customers sourcing products from other suppliers not subject to such restrictions or tariffs or to develop these products themselves, (iii) lead to the insolvency or consolidation of key suppliers and customers, and (iv) intensify pricing pressures. Any or all of these factors could negatively affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to various domestic and international laws and other legal requirements, including antitrust and import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders. These laws, 13 Table of Contents regulations, orders, tariffs, federal policies and other governmental actions are complex, continue to evolve and change frequently with limited notice and generally become more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these legal requirements or respond to any governmental actions. In addition, if our suppliers or customers fail or choose not to comply with these legal requirements or governmental actions, we may be required to suspend purchasing from such suppliers or selling to such customers, which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The U.S. government continues to add companies to its restricted entity list and/or technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries and impose other restrictions or requirements, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue, supply chain and our ability to manufacture or sell our products. These restrictive governmental actions and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with U.S. trading partners, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effectively or otherwise negatively affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, foreign government authorities have proposed and/or may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions for the supply of products or require the license or other transfer of IP, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Uncertainty due to such evolving policies or actions also may disrupt our supply chain and if we are unable to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts from such measures, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and operations are also subject to regulation by U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. We have been, and may in the future be, involved or required to participate in regulatory investigations or inquiries from regulatory authorities in Korea, Japan and the European Union into certain of our contracting and business practices, which have and may in the future evolve into legal or other administrative proceedings. The technology industry is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase our exposure to government investigations, regulations, legal actions and penalties. Involvement in regulatory investigations or inquiries can be costly, lengthy, complex and time-consuming, diverting the attention and energies of our management and technical personnel. If any pending or future governmental investigations result in an unfavorable resolution, we could be required to cease the manufacture and sale of the subject products or technology, pay fines or disgorge profits or other payments, and/or cease certain conduct and/or modify our contracting or business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A majority of our products are produced, sourced and sold internationally and our international revenue represents a significant percentage of our overall revenue. Multiple factors relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include: • changes in political, regulatory, legal or economic conditions, geopolitical turmoil (including China-Taiwan relations), including terrorism, war or political or military coups, state-sponsored or politically motivated cyber-attacks, civil disturbances, or political instability (foreign and domestic); • restrictive or retaliatory governmental actions, such as restrictions on the transfer or repatriation of funds and foreign investments, data privacy regulations, sustainability-related regulations, trade protection measures, including increasing protectionism and economic nationalism, import/export restrictions (including with regards to advanced technologies), import/export duties and quotas, trade sanctions, and customs duties and tariffs, all of which have increased and may further increase; • changes in global tax regulations; • difficulty in obtaining product distribution and support, and transportation delays; • potential inability to localize our software; • difficulty in enforcing contracts, collecting accounts receivables and maintaining appropriate financial controls; • difficulty in conducting due diligence with respect to business partners; • public health or safety concerns, medical epidemics or pandemics, and other natural- or man-made disasters; and • nationalization of businesses and expropriation of assets. While U.S. tariffs and counter-tariffs, including semiconductor-related tariffs, have not had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations, tariffs and other macroeconomic factors could materially increase costs and disrupt our supply chain. We continuously manage product availability and costs in our supply chain to mitigate the direct and indirect impact of tariffs and other macroeconomic impacts. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on 14 Table of Contents several factors outside of our control. If we are unable to effectively navigate these changes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price. A significant legal risk associated with conducting business internationally is compliance with the various and differing laws and regulations of the many countries in which we do business. Although our policies and procedures prohibit us, our employees and our agents from engaging in unethical business practices and are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that all of these measures will be effective in preventing violations or claims of violations. Any such violation or perceived violation could have a material adverse effect on our business. We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry that is undergoing profound change due to AI. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is subject to rapid price erosion, wide fluctuations in product supply and demand, constant and rapid technological change, evolving technical standards and evolving product applications. The semiconductor industry is undergoing profound change due to the adoption and proliferation of AI and has experienced a significant upturn, which may not be sustainable. The growth of AI is creating pressure on the semiconductor industry to timely design, manufacture and deliver semiconductor products and solutions to meet customer demand for computing power and AI infrastructure. Some of these AI customers may have constrained resources or capital and may be unable to pay for their required AI infrastructure and/or seek alternative financings or novel or deferred payment models from their vendors and suppliers. If our AI customers substantially reduce their expansion plans, cancel, reduce or delay their orders, are unable to generate the profit required to offset their spending or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations and we cannot offset the downturn in their business, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price. A significant reduction in demand from certain customers or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. We have historically depended on a small number of end customers, OEMs, their respective contract manufacturers (“CMs”) and certain distributors for a majority of our business and revenue. For fiscal year 2025, sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue. We believe aggregate sales, through all channels, to our top five end customers accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2025. This customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by these customers. In addition, some customers may reduce the amount of products or decline to purchase from us due to reduced capital expenditure spending, lack of access to sufficient capital, downturn in their business, purchases from our competitors or their internal development of the products. When our semiconductor customers agree to purchase specific quantities of products or source an agreed portion of their product needs from us, such arrangements often include pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of the volume of products purchased, and those customers from time to time may not or do not purchase the amount of product we expect. Moreover, our top customers, including our AI customers, may make and have made greater demands on us with regards to pricing and contractual terms, such as seeking to lease AI racks or systems based on our XPUs instead of purchasing, as well as alternative financings for such leases or other novel or deferred payment models. As a result, we may not generate the amount of revenue or free cash flow or achieve the level of profitability that we or investors expect under such arrangements, and/or such arrangements may increase our exposure to credit or customer default risks. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our top customers, including our customers for our custom AI accelerators or XPUs or AI racks or systems based on our XPUs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A slow or the unsuccessful return on our investments in research and development, expansion of our business strategy or adoption of new business models could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and margins. The industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new technological developments such as AI and cloud computing, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product cycles, evolving industry standards, and new delivery methods. In addition, to compete successfully in the semiconductor industry, we must continue to develop and respond to technological advancements and requirements, such as low-power consumption, higher bandwidth and large compute clusters, and we have, from time to time, evolved our business strategy and adopted new business models to address the needs and challenges of our customers. Failure to successfully develop increasingly advanced technologies, including our custom AI accelerators or XPUs, network switches and other AI-related products, or execute on new strategies or models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs could impair our competitive position. In order to remain competitive, we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development, expand our business strategy or adopt new business models. If we fail to timely develop new and enhanced products and technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely 15 Table of Contents adopted, if new competitive technologies that we do not support become widely accepted, or if we are unable to successfully execute on new business strategies or models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs, demand for our products and solutions such as our custom AI accelerators or XPUs, network switches or other AI-related products may be reduced. Slow or unsuccessful investments in our research and development efforts or expansion or modification of our business strategies and models and incurring significant expenses for these actions, would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and margins. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is an unpredictable process that is often lengthy in time and requires us to incur significant expenses, evolve our business strategy or adopt a new business model, which may negatively impact our results of operations, gross margin or cash flows. Our semiconductor business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as “design wins.” These selection processes are often lengthy in time and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Failure to obtain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product. This can result in lost revenue and can weaken our position in future selection processes. Winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer. Customers could accelerate, delay or cancel plans, use their own products, purchase products from our competitors, fail to qualify our products, reduce or discontinue use of our products, or fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce demand for our products and cause us to hold a material amount of excess inventory, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may also be unable to materially recoup our costs or resell our products to other customers due to the custom nature of certain products. The timing of design wins is unpredictable and implementing production for a major design win or multiple design wins at the same time, such as our design wins for our custom AI accelerators or XPUs, network switches and other AI-related products, may strain our resources and those of our CMs. Some of our customers who have selected us may also have constrained resources or capital but require immediate availability of our custom XPUs. In such event, we may dedicate significant additional resources or execute on new business strategies or models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs to our customers with alternative financings or novel or deferred payment models, which could result in additional costs, expenses, credit or customer default risks, reduced gross margin and cash flows. Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes CMs, such as third-party wafer foundries. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry, either our own or with a particular CM. Qualifying and establishing reliable production at acceptable yields with a new CM, if at all, is a lengthy and often expensive process. We depend on our CMs to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity and critical components to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields and prices, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. We do not generally have long-term capacity commitments with our CMs and substantially all of our manufacturing services are on a purchase order basis with no minimum quantities. Further, our CMs may fail to timely develop or successfully implement new, advanced manufacturing processes, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. From time to time, our CMs may also cease to, or become unable to, manufacture a component for us, and have had capacity constraints in times of unprecedented demand. During fiscal year 2025, approximately 95% of the wafers manufactured by our CMs were produced by TSMC. We believe our wafer requirements represent a meaningful portion of TSMC’s total production capacity. However, TSMC also fabricates wafers for other companies, including some of our competitors, and could choose or be required to materially prioritize capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice. In addition, TSMC has raised, and may in the future raise, their prices to manufacture our wafers. If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may be unable to meet our customers’ demand, or to the same extent as our competitors, fail to meet our contractual obligations or forgo revenue opportunities. This could damage our relationships with our customers, result in litigation for alleged failure to meet our obligations, or result in payment of significant damages, and our net revenue could decline, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and gross margin. 16 Table of Contents Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, evolving our business strategy or adopting new business models such as the sale or leasing of AI racks or systems based on our XPUs, production schedules, levels of reliance on CMs and outsourcing, internal fabrication utilization and other resource requirements, based on customer requirements or estimates thereof, which may not be accurate and could result in reallocation of resources. Many factors could impact our estimates of customers’ demands, including changes in product development cycles, competing technologies and product releases, new or unexpected end-user products or applications, such as demand for AI-related products and solutions, and changes in business and economic conditions. Our customers may also underestimate the data center or related power or water capacity needed to address end-user demand, which may impact our ability to timely satisfy their requirements. In addition, where our products are part of larger infrastructure projects like data centers, any supply constraints or availability issues with respect to any one component may impact our revenue or our results of operations. The Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America Act could also result in an increase in supply leading to excess inventory and a decrease in average selling prices. If we are unable to timely respond to changes in customer demand or execute on new business strategies or models, this could damage our customer relationships, harm our reputation, prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We purchase a significant amount of the materials, including components, used in our products from a limited number of suppliers. Our manufacturing processes and those of our CMs rely on many materials, including silicon, gallium arsenide and indium phosphide (“InP”) wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. During fiscal year 2025, we purchased approximately two-thirds of our manufacturing materials from five materials suppliers, some of which are single source suppliers. The lead time needed to identify and qualify a new supplier is typically lengthy and there is often no readily available alternative source. We do not generally have long-term contracts with our materials suppliers and substantially all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis. Suppliers have previously, and may in the future, extend lead times, limit supplies, place products on allocation or increase prices, any of which could disrupt supply or increase demand in the industry. Additionally, the supply of these materials has been, from time to time, impacted by increased trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, particularly China, and the uncertainty due to evolving trade restrictions. Any such supply constraints could result in loss of revenue opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team. Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, and, in particular, the services of Hock E. Tan, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective succession planning is also important for our long-term success. Fa

=== AVGO_2026-06-09.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, our reputation or the trading price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the risks and uncertainties, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements, and which are more fully discussed below. Risks Related to Our Business • Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on us. • Our business is subject to various governmental regulations and trade restrictions. • Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect us. • We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry that is undergoing profound change due to AI. 31 Table of Contents • A significant reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect us. • A slow or the unsuccessful return on our investments in research and development, expansion of our business strategy or adoption of new business models could adversely affect us. • Dependence on a limited number of contract manufacturers and suppliers of critical materials, including components, within our supply chain, and potential failure to adjust such manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand, may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and our results of operations. • Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is an unpredictable process that often requires us to incur significant expenses, evolve our business strategy or adopt a new business model, which may negatively impact our results of operations, gross margin or cash flows. • We are dependent on senior management and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. • Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin. • Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology (“IT”) systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. • A prolonged disruption of our or our customers’ or suppliers’ facilities or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on us. • We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities. • We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners. • Failure of our software portfolio to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments and our use of open source software in certain software and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. • The growth of our software business depends on demand for our data center virtualization portfolio, as well as customer acceptance of our software, services and business strategy. • If our software does not successfully address market trends and competitive developments, demand for our software and services could decrease and materially adversely affect us. • Failure to enter into software license agreements on a satisfactory basis could adversely affect us. • Our sales to government customers subject us to uncertainties and additional governmental regulations. • Failure to effectively manage our software solutions and services lifecycles could harm our business. • Competition in our industries could prevent us from growing our revenue. • Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations. • We have pursued, and may in the future pursue, mergers, acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. • We may be involved in legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our business. • Failure to protect the IP utilized in our business could adversely affect our business. • We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability. • The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs. • We are subject to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. • Corporate responsibility matters may adversely affect our relationships with customers and investors and increase compliance costs. • We must comply with a variety of technical standards, domestic and international laws and regulations in the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors. Risks Related to Our Taxes • Our income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors that could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results. • If our tax incentives or tax holiday arrangements change or cease to be in effect or applicable, our corporate income taxes could significantly increase. • We have potential tax liabilities as a result of VMware’s former controlling ownership by Dell, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 32 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Indebtedness • Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to execute our business strategy. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock • Our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value. • The amount and frequency of our stock repurchases may fluctuate. • There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. Risks Related to Our Business Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity. A general weakening of the economy globally or in a particular region or industry, uncertainty and volatility in financial markets, efforts of governments to stimulate or stabilize the economy or to achieve specific policy objectives such as onshoring of semiconductor manufacturing and other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, higher interest rates, tightening of the credit markets, recession or slowing growth, as well as an increase in geopolitical conflicts, trade tensions and related tariffs with U.S. trading partners, could negatively impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. Adverse global economic conditions have from time to time caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the industries and markets in which we operate, which have adversely affected our business and results of operations. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty may also make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating results, and market volatility stemming from current macroeconomic events may materially impact our cash flow and our ability to raise or refinance debt at favorable rates. An escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners may continue to result in trade restrictions and increased protectionism on both ends that harm our ability to participate in some markets or compete effectively. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions, further tariffs and escalations of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially Chi