=== [ES] ir_docs_main_url.html ===
Reports and presentations | Hydro Skip to content ↘ Please accept marketing cookies to view this content Cookie settings Search on Hydro.com Search Insights Contact us You are now on our Global site Choose preferred language Global Argentina Austria Belgium Brazil Canada Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hungary Italy Lithuania Luxembourg Mexico Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Slovakia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom USA Aluminium Energy Sustainability Careers Investors Media About Hydro Search Aluminium When you choose aluminium from Hydro, it s strong, light, durable and climate efficient, making you part of a smarter and more sustainable future. Our climate strategy is to cut our CO2 emissions 30% by 2030. Our aluminium can help you meet your goals, too. Energy Hydro has been at the forefront of the energy transition since 1905, transforming industries and societies with renewable energy. Today, we are pioneering the green aluminium transition through renewables and new energy solutions. Sustainability We want to contribute to the just and green transition through responsible production, creating circular solutions and delivering net-zero aluminium by 2050 or earlier. Careers At Hydro, we put our people at the center of everything we do. By supporting our employees growth professionally and personally, we are fostering a community of colleagues who are united in the shared purpose of solving our industries most pressing challenges. Investors With more than a century of industrial experience, we are enabling the green transition through innovation, technological advances, and a strong commercial mindset. Media Working on a story about aluminium? Press releases, photos, stories, facts and figures &#x202F;you will find everything you need here. About Hydro Hydro is a leading aluminium and renewable energy company that builds businesses and partnerships for a more sustainable future. We have 32,000 employees in more than 140 locations and 40 countries. Go to: Aluminium Products Industries we serve About aluminium Innovation and R D Go to: Energy Energy in Hydro Hydro Rein Power and market operations Sustainability in Hydro Energy Go to: Sustainability Our approach Sustainability reporting Roadmap to net-zero Operating in the Brazilian Amazon Sustainability contact Go to: Careers Job opportunities Students and graduates Life at Hydro Career areas Meet our people Recruitment journey Contact and FAQ Go to: Investors IR policy Why invest in Hydro The Hydro share Reports and presentations Analyst information Information for shareholders Debt investors Financial calendar Investor contacts News subscription Go to: Media Media contacts News Hydro at a glance Topics Media gallery Brand Center Go to: About Hydro This is Hydro Industries that matter Our purpose and values Our strategy Hydro locations worldwide Our businesses Company history Management and organization Corporate governance Publications Hydro in the EU Procurement Sponsorships Stories by Hydro Partners and customers Back to main menu Close Investors IR policy Why invest in Hydro The Hydro share Reports and presentations Annual reports Quarterly reports Capital Markets Day Other presentations Analyst information Information for shareholders Debt investors Financial calendar Investor contacts News subscription Investors Reports and presentations Reports and presentations On this page, you will find our quarterly and annual presentations. In addition, you can download investor presentations, Capital Markets Day presentations and other presentations. Annual reports Quarterly reports Capital Markets Day Other presentations Sustainability reporting Our purpose is to create a more viable society by developing natural resources into products and solutions in innovative and efficient ways. About Hydro Key facts Hydro worldwide The Hydro Way Brand center Corporate governance Modern Slavery Transparency Statement Website cookies Contact Contact us Media contacts Investor Contacts Customer service portal Follow us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Shapes Suppliers Privacy Terms conditions Hydro AlertLine Accessibility Sitemap 2026 Norsk Hydro ASA