=== SMCI_2025-08-28.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors , and in other parts of this Annual Report as well as in our other filings with the SEC. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. PART I Item 1. Business Our Company We are a Silicon Valley-based provider of total IT solutions which address demanding workloads from the enterprise and cloud to the intelligent edge. We deliver rack-scale solutions optimized for various workloads, including artificial intelligence ( AI ) and high-performance computing ( HPC ), where acceleration is critical. Additionally, we offer an extensive portfolio of server and storage solutions for enterprise data centers, cloud service providers, and edge computing applications, such as 5G Telco, Retail and embedded. Our Total IT Solutions encompass complete servers, storage systems, modular blade servers, workstations, full-rack scale solutions, networking devices, server sub-systems and server management. These turn-key solutions are designed, developed, validated and installed for leading AI datacenters. Our Total IT Solutions are designed for optimal power and thermal management, including using Supermicro s state-of-the-art liquid cooling technologies. We also provide global support and services to help our customers install, upgrade and maintain their computing infrastructure, including liquid-cooling operations. We offer our customers a high degree of flexibility and customization by providing a broad array of server models and configurations from which they can choose the best solutions to meet their computing needs. Our server and storage systems, sub-systems and accessories are architecturally designed for high reliability, quality, configurability, and scalability. Our in-house design competencies, design control over many of the sub-systems required within our server and storage systems, along with our Server Building Block Solutions (an innovative, modular and open architecture) enable us to rapidly develop, build and test complete solutions, which include servers, storage, software, and networking components. As a result, when new technologies are brought to market, we are generally able to quickly assemble a broad portfolio of solutions by leveraging common building blocks across product lines. We work closely with the leading microprocessor, graphics processing units ( GPU ), memory, disk/flash, and interconnect vendors and other hardware and software suppliers to coordinate our new products design with their product release schedules. This enhances our ability to rapidly introduce new products by incorporating the latest technology, improve quality and reduce costs. We seek to be the first to market with superior product designs, and we have the ability to offer a broad selection of products using those technologies to our customers. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 1 Table of Contents We conduct our operations principally from our Silicon Valley headquarters and facilities in Taiwan and the Netherlands. Additionally as part of our efforts to expand our capacities, we added a new facility in Malaysia during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Our sales and marketing activities operate through a combination of our direct sales force and indirect sales channel partners. We work with distributors, value-added resellers, system integrators, and original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers in our indirect sales channels. Strategy Our objective is to be the world s leading provider of Rack Scale Total IT Solutions, offering a comprehensive portfolio of high-performance, application-optimized server, storage and networking solutions. Achieving this objective requires continuous development and innovation of our Total IT Solutions portfolio with better price-performance and architectural advantages over both prior generations of our solutions and competitors offerings. Through our strategy, we seek to maintain or improve our relative competitive position in many product areas and pursue markets that provide us with additional long-term growth opportunities. Key elements of our strategy include executing upon the following: Strong Internal Research and Development and Internal Manufacturing Capability We are continually investing in our engineering organization. As of June 30, 2025, we had over 3,200 employees in our research and development organization. These resources, along with our understanding of complex computing and storage requirements, enable us to deliver product innovation featuring advanced functionality and capabilities required by our customers. Also, our worldwide manufacturing facilities enable us to reduce the time to delivery in every geography around the world. Our engineers work directly with our manufacturing personnel to plan together and identify and address any issues together. Introducing Innovative Products Faster We seek to sustain advantages in both time-to-market and breadth of products by incorporating the latest technological innovations, such as new processors (central processing units ( CPUs ), and GPUs), liquid cooling enhancements, advancements in memory and storage, and evolving I/O technologies. We seek these advantages by leveraging our in-house design capabilities and our Building Block Solutions architecture. This allows us to offer customers a broad range of products tailored to their specific application requirements and to focus on delivering products with better time-to-market. In particular, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 ): We delivered a comprehensive portfolio of AI-focused solutions, specifically designed to support the latest AI workloads, including products compatible with NVIDIA s Hopper (H100/H200) and Blackwell (GB200/B200/RTX Pro 6000) generation platforms; We launched our Data Center Building Block Solutions ( DCBBS ), an integrated offering that simplifies the deployment of liquid-cooled AI factories. This solution includes all critical infrastructure components - servers, storage, networking, racks, liquid cooling infrastructure, software, services, and support; We unveiled DLC-2, our next-generation Direct Liquid Cooling solution, engineered to significantly reduce power and water consumption, noise, and spatial requirements in data centers. DLC-2 can lower electricity costs by up to 40% compared to air-cooled setups and reduce total cost of ownership ( TCO ) by up to 20%; We introduced new products supporting Intel Xeon 6900 Series processors and Intel Xeon 6 data center CPUs, as well as AMD EPYC 9005 Series CPUs and AMD Instinct MI350/355 Series GPUs; We expanded our edge and IoT portfolio with a variety of new systems designed for low-power environments that require compact, efficient compute solutions; and We broadened our storage offerings with an AI-optimized storage solution built for large-scale AI training workloads, and introduced new, enterprise-grade, scale-up storage products. Capitalizing on New Applications and Technologies In addition to meeting traditional needs for server and storage systems, we have devoted, and will continue to devote, substantial resources to developing systems that support emerging and growing applications including AI, cloud computing, 5G/edge computing, storage and others. We believe there are significant opportunities for us in each of these rapidly developing markets, driven by stringent design requirements for these applications that often require the use of the latest technologies, allowing us to leverage our capabilities in product innovation, superior time-to-market, and portfolio breadth. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 2 Table of Contents Liquid Cooling To reduce the high cost of operating and address constraints on power and cooling in data centers, IT managers increasingly turn to suppliers that offer high-performance, cost-effective, energy-efficient, and environmentally friendly products. Our resource saving architecture supports our leadership in green IT innovation. We offer product lines that are designed to share common computing resources, thereby saving both valuable space and power as compared to general-purpose rackmount servers. In addition, due to the advanced power requirements of these systems, we provide end-to-end liquid cooling solutions across our designs to optimize the elevated power and thermal management requirements. We believe our approach of leveraging an overall architecture that balances data center power requirements, cooling, shared resources and refresh cycles helps reduce environmental impact while providing TCO savings for our customers. Liquid cooling necessitates the need for rack-scale integration of the power and cooling infrastructure. We design, build, test, validate, and deliver complete rack scale solutions for liquid-cooled direct-to-chip cold plate solutions for CPUs, GPUs, and memory. In addition, we manufacture the sophisticated management systems -- Cooling Distribution Units, Cooling Distribution Manifolds -- to regulate system temperatures for maximum performance. Liquid cooling can be easily included in rack-level integrations to further increase system efficiency, reduce instances of thermal throttling, and lower both the TCO and Total Cost to Environment of data center deployments. Driving Software and Services Sales to our Global Enterprise Customers We work closely with customers by offering total data center life-cycle management software. This enables data center operators to closely monitor their entire IT infrastructure, identify potential issues, and address them before they lead to failures. By offering management software and worldwide onsite and remote services to our customers, we also drive additional revenue for our total IT solutions. These software products and services are required for large-scale deployments, help meet service level agreements and address uptime requirements. In addition to our internal software development efforts, we partner with external software vendors to meet customer requirements. Leveraging Our Global Operating Structure We are committed to expanding our worldwide manufacturing capacity and logistics operations across the United States, Taiwan, and the Netherlands, and we have increased our manufacturing capacity with our new facility in Malaysia. This strategic expansion allows us to serve our customers more efficiently while reducing overall manufacturing costs. Products and Services We offer a broad range of compute, storage and edge platforms that are application-optimized server solutions, rackmount and blade servers, storage, and subsystems and accessories. These products are designed to serve a variety of markets, such as enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI and 5G/edge computing. We complement our accelerated compute platforms inclusive of server and storage system offerings with software management, global services and support, the revenue for which is included in our server and storage systems revenue. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 3 Table of Contents Server and Storage Systems We offer platforms in rackmount, blade, multi-node and embedded form factors, which support single, dual, and multiprocessor architectures. Our key product lines include: An extensive portfolio of liquid and air cooled AI Servers for Training and Inferencing with integrated GPUs or PCIe based architectures; SuperBlade , MicroBlade , FlexTwin , GrandTwin , and BigTwin blade and multi-node system families that are designed for density, performance, and efficiency that share common computing resources, thereby saving space and power over standard rackmount servers and offering superior serviceability and manageability; SuperStorage systems that provide high-density storage while leveraging an efficient use of power to achieve performance-per-watt savings. Our storage systems are also designed for maximum performance for AI training environments; Hyper, CloudDC, and WIO an extensive rackmount system family that provides optimization for a broad range of workloads and environments that deliver entire clusters of racks, with both liquid-cooled and air-cooled options, per customer requirements; Embedded (5G/IoT/Edge) systems optimized for evolving networks and intelligent management of connected devices; and MicroCloud server systems that deliver node density in environments with space and power constraints. In addition to our server and storage platforms business, we offer a large array of modular server subsystems and accessories, including server boards, chassis, power supplies and other accessories. These subsystems serve as the foundation for platform solutions, covering a range of product offerings from entry-level single and dual-processor servers to high-end multiprocessor markets. The majority of the subsystems and accessories we sell individually are designed to work together to optimize performance and are ultimately integrated into complete server and storage systems. Server Software Management Solutions Our open industry-standard remote system management solutions, such as our Server Management suite, including Supermicro Server Manager, Supermicro Power Management software, Supermicro Update Manager, SuperCloud Composer and SuperDoctor 5, are designed to efficiently manage large-scale heterogeneous data center environments, including liquid cooling. Supermicro Global Services We are rapidly expanding our global service capabilities in support of large-scale AI Cluster deployments and the need to support Enterprise AI adoption in on-premise data centers. We provide global service and support offerings for our direct and OEM customers and our indirect sales channel partners, either directly or through approved distributors and third-party partners. We also identify service requirements, create and execute project plans, conduct verification testing, offer training, and provide technical documentation. Rack Level Services: Our rack level services provide complete service from design to deployment for full rack and cluster level deployments of AI and HPC datacenters. We leverage Supermicro experts and resources to work with leading CSP and Enterprise data centers to completely design and deliver turn-key solutions handling all phases of the data center design and rack integration and installation process. We provide a single point of contact for the entire solution accelerating time to online and optimizing performance and efficiency. Global Services: Our strategic direct and OEM customers may purchase a variety of on-site support service plans. Our service plans vary in terms of specific services, response times, coverage hours and duration, repair priority levels, spare parts requirements, logistics, data privacy and security needs. Our Global Services team provides help desk services and on-site product support for our server and storage systems. Support Services: Our customer support services offer competitive warranties, typically ranging from one-to-three years, and warranty extension options for products sold by our direct sales team and approved indirect sales channel partners. Our customer support team provides ongoing maintenance and technical support for our products through our website and 24/7 direct phone-based support. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 4 Table of Contents Research and Development We perform most of our research and development activities in-house in the United States at our facilities in San Jose, California, and in Taiwan. This approach enhances communication and collaboration between our design teams, streamlining the development process and reducing time-to-market. We believe that the combination of our focus on internal research and development activities, our close working relationships with local customers and vendors and our modular design approach allows us to decrease time-to-market, improve quality and deliver superior product designs. Additionally, we continue to invest in reducing our design and manufacturing costs while improving the performance, cost-effectiveness and power- and space-efficiency of our Total IT Solutions. Our research and development teams focus on the development of new and enhanced products that can support emerging technological and engineering innovations while achieving high overall system performance. Much of our research and development activity relates to the new product cycles of leading processor vendors. We work closely with NVIDIA, Intel and AMD, among others, to develop products that are compatible with the latest generation of industry-standard technologies under development. Our collaborative approach with these vendors allows us to align the design of our new products with their product release schedules, thereby enhancing our ability to rapidly introduce new products incorporating the latest technology. We work closely with their respective development teams to enhance system performance and reduce system-level issues. Similarly, we work very closely with our customers to understand their needs and develop our new product plans accordingly. Customers During each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we sold to over 1,000 customers in over 100 countries. In addition, over the three years ended June 30, 2025, we have sold to thousands of end users through our indirect sales channel. These customers represent a diverse set of market verticals including enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI, 5G and edge computing markets. Four customers each accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal year 2025 and one single customer accounted for 10% or more of net sales in fiscal year 2024. No customer accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal year 2023. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing activities are conducted through a combination of our direct sales force and our indirect sales channel partners. Our direct sales force is primarily focused on selling Total IT Solutions, including management software and global services, to large scale cloud, enterprise and OEM customers. In addition, we operate a centralized command center, designed to assist customers with quick and accurate configurations. We work with distributors, value-added resellers, system integrators, and OEMs to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers. We provide sales and marketing assistance and training to our indirect sales channel partners and OEMs. We leverage our relationships in our indirect sales channel and with OEMs to penetrate select industry vertical market segments where our products can provide better alternatives to existing solutions. We maintain close contact with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers. We often collaborate during the sales process with our indirect sales channel partners and the end customer s technical staff to determine the optimal system configuration for the customer s needs. Our interaction with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers allows us to monitor customer requirements and develop new products to meet their needs. International Sales Our global sales efforts are supported both by our international offices in the Netherlands, Taiwan, South Korea, United Kingdom, China, and Japan, as well as by our United States based sales team. Product fulfillment and first level support for our international customers are provided by Supermicro Global Services, as well as through our indirect sales channel and OEMs. Sales to customers located outside of the United States represented 40.6%, 32.0%, and 32.1% of net sales in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 5 Table of Contents Marketing Our marketing programs are designed to create global awareness and brand-recognition for our company and products, as well as an understanding of the significant value we bring to customers. These programs also inform existing and potential customers, the trade press, market analysts, indirect sales channel partners, and OEMs about the strong capabilities and benefits of using our products and solutions. Our marketing efforts support the sale and distribution of our products through both direct sales and indirect channels. We utilize a variety of marketing vehicles, including advertising, public relations, web, social media, collateral, and participation in industry events and tradeshows, to build market awareness and generate new customer demand. We provide cooperative marketing funds to our indirect sales channel partners to extend the reach of our marketing efforts. We also leverage our suppliers cooperative marketing programs to jointly benefit from their marketing development funds. Intellectual Property We seek to protect our intellectual property rights with a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and disclosure restrictions. We rely primarily on trade secrets, technical know-how, and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our design and product development activities. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, and other third parties and control access to our designs, documentation, and other proprietary information. Manufacturing and Quality Control We manufacture the majority of our systems at our San Jose, California headquarters. We believe we are the only major server, storage, and accelerated compute platform vendor that designs, develops, and manufactures a significant portion of their systems in the United States. Global assembly, test and quality control of our servers are performed at our manufacturing facilities in San Jose, California, Taiwan, the Netherlands, and Malaysia. In each of our existing facilities, a Quality and Environmental Management System has been certified according to ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and/or ISO 13485 standards. Our suppliers and contract manufacturers are required to adhere to the same standards to maintain consistent product and service quality and continuous improvement of quality and environmental performance. We use several third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers for materials and sub-assemblies. We believe that selectively using outsourced manufacturing services allows us to focus on our core competencies in product design and development, and increases our operational flexibility. We believe our manufacturing strategy allows us to adjust manufacturing capacity in response to changes in customer demand and to rapidly introduce new products to the market. We use Ablecom Technology, Inc. ( Ablecom ) and its affiliate Compuware Technology, Inc. ( Compuware ), both of which are related parties, for contract design and manufacturing coordination support. We work with Ablecom to optimize modular designs for our chassis and several other components. Ablecom also coordinates the manufacturing of chassis for us. In addition to providing a large volume of contract manufacturing services to us, Ablecom warehouses multiple components and subassemblies manufactured by various suppliers before shipping them to our facilities in the United States, Europe, and Asia. We also have a series of agreements with Compuware, including multiple product development, production and service agreements, as well as product manufacturing agreements and lease agreements for office space. See Note 10, Related Party Transactions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and Part III, Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. We continuously monitor our inventory to meet customer delivery requirements and minimize the risk of inventory obsolescence. Due to our building-block designs, our inventory can generally be used with multiple products, lowering working capital requirements and reducing the risk of inventory write-downs. Competition The market for our products is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to new technological developments, changing customer needs and new product introductions. We compete primarily with large vendors of x86-based general purpose servers and components. In addition, we also face competition from smaller vendors that specialize in the sale of server components and systems. In recent years, we have experienced increased competition from original design manufacturers ( ODMs ) that benefit from their scale and very low-cost manufacturing and are increasingly offering their own branded products. We believe our principal competitors include: global technology vendors, such as Cisco, Dell, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, and Lenovo; and ODMs, such as Foxconn, Quanta Computer, and Wiwynn Corporation. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 6 Table of Contents The principal competitive factors in our market include the following: rack Scale Total IT Solutions to reduce TCO for our customers; first to market with new emerging technologies, offered at a competitive price; broad product portfolio providing customers more options to optimize for their workload and environment; high product performance, efficiency and reliability; early identification of emerging opportunities; cost-effective design and manufacturing; sufficient manufacturing capacity necessary to support market demand; energy efficient (Green Computing) product designs that reduce environmental impact, overall power consumption, and costs; and localized and responsive customer support on a worldwide basis. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to most of these factors. However, most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, greater name recognition, or deeper market penetration. They may be able to allocate more resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products, which could allow them to respond more quickly to new technologies and changes in customer needs. In addition, it is possible that new competitors could emerge and gain significant market share. Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities subject us to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws in the countries in which we operate, and our Total IT Solutions are subject to laws and regulations affecting their sale. To date, costs and expenses incurred to comply with these governmental regulations, including environmental and import and export controls regulations, have not been material to our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future governmental laws and regulations, including environmental and import and export controls regulations, applicable to our operations or Total IT Solutions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material increases in expenditures for compliance with government regulations. We are subject to U.S. and other applicable trade control regulations that restrict with whom we may transact business, including the trade sanctions enforced by the U.S. Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control and the import and export controls enforced by the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations restricting dealings with sanctioned countries, companies and/or persons subject to restricted party lists or parties engaged in restricted end uses, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including civil or criminal penalties. The United States and other countries continually update their lists of export-controlled items and technologies and may impose new or more-restrictive export requirements on our products in the future. As a result of regulatory changes, we may be required to obtain licenses or other authorizations to continue supporting existing customers or to supply existing products to new customers in China, Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia, and elsewhere. Further escalations in trade restrictions or hostilities, particularly between the United States and China, could impede our ability to sell or support our products. Our joint venture in China may become subject to additional trade restrictions, and those trade restrictions could harm our reputation in the market. In October 2022, U.S. export restrictions and export licensing requirements were imposed targeting China s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of software, hardware, equipment, and technology used to develop, produce or manufacture certain chips in China (including Hong Kong). At the same time, export restrictions and export license requirements were also imposed on certain GPUs and advanced integrated circuits, as well as computing equipment containing such components, with a focus on China (including Hong Kong). These restrictions impacted certain of our products, including products that contain the NVIDIA A100 and H100 integrated circuits, among others. In November 2023, the export control restrictions on advanced integrated circuits, supercomputing and other end uses were revised and further expanded to cover additional countries where we sell our products, such as those in the Middle East, as well as additional parties based on the location of their headquarters, or the headquarters of their ultimate parent. Compliance with ever-changing regulations is complex and time consuming. We may experience delays in implementing procedures to address the evolving regulatory requirements. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 7 Table of Contents In January 2025, the U.S. export control regulations targeting advanced integrated circuits and computing were further revised to include a worldwide authorization requirement for certain of our advanced computing products. New license exceptions were added to the regulations, allowing us to export in some cases without the need for an export license, thus expanding upon previous authorizations. However, these new regulations will, depending on the country and ultimate consignee, impose new limits on the number of advanced computing products that we can export to each ultimate consignee per calendar year, as well as the number of advanced computing products that the Commerce Department will license per-country over a given period to all exporters in the aggregate. These new limitations create a competitive process for obtaining the product allocation associated with these new government authorizations and therefore could disadvantage us relative to certain of our competitors. The limitations may also prevent us from selling our advanced computing products to the full extent of customer demand in certain countries that have not historically been subject to such limitations. In May 2025, the U.S. Commerce Department announced that it is in the process of rescinding certain export control rules for advanced integrated circuits and computing systems and has ceased enforcement of certain aspects of the regulations previously issued in January 2025. The Commerce Department has indicated that it will issue new replacement export control regulations in the future, but the scope and timing of those regulatory changes remain uncertain. Such regulatory changes could impact our new and existing business, and place new regulatory requirements on our suppliers, customers and/or end users, or on the data centers into which our products are deployed. The process to obtain licenses required under the recently adopted export control regulations is complicated and time-consuming in the event we determine to pursue them, and there is no guarantee that they will be granted. Our competitive position and future results may be harmed, over the long-term, if there are further changes in import and export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, end use, deemed export, or product scope of the controls, if customers purchase product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other extended service obligations, if licenses are not granted in a timely manner or denied to significant customers or if we incur significant transition costs. Even if requested licenses are granted, they may be temporary or impose burdensome conditions that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process could make our technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain, encouraging customers to pursue alternatives to our products. See Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters for additional discussion of risks related to government regulation. Human Capital Resources and Management Mission, Culture, and Engagement The key to success in technology is designing a company around people committed to work that they love. We aim to attract, develop, and retain a high performing and engaged global workforce. As of June 30, 2025, we employed 6,238 employees, consisting of 3,255 employees engaged in research and development, 705 engaged in sales and marketing, 545 engaged in general and administrative and 1,733 engaged in manufacturing. Of these employees, 2,948 employees are based in our San Jose, California facilities. We consider our highly qualified and motivated employees to be a key factor in our business success. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining organization, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We are committed to protecting the environment through our We Keep IT Green initiative as a first to market innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server, storage, networking, and management total solutions. We recognize the critical importance of talent and culture to our success and ability to fulfill this vision. We encourage opportunities for growth and conduct regular performance reviews that set clear expectations to motivate employees and align their performance with our objectives. We communicate to our employees through a secure intranet site, executive communications, company meetings, and business-related emails. We also believe that a workplace that encourages different voices, perspectives, and backgrounds fosters stronger teams, better solutions, and greater innovation. Employees should be treated fairly and respectfully regardless of their differences and feel welcomed to share their unique perspective, which we believe empowers valued contributors. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 8 Table of Contents Talent Development, Acquisition, Retention and Rewards Talent Strategy Our talent strategy focuses on attracting skilled, engaged employees who bring the talent and skills critical to our innovative and forward-looking workforce. Our recruiting process actively sources talent supporting our ability to hire candidates with professional qualifications and potential. We identify opportunities through tracking and analyzing data from various sources such as annual performance reviews to assess our progress in ensuring critical talent fills critical roles. It is our policy to ensure equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees without regard to prohibited considerations of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. All employees receive training on the prevention of sexual harassment and abusive conduct in the workplace. Total Rewards Program Our total rewards program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide employees with compensation packages that include base salary in the form of cash and representing fixed compensation to reward individual performance and contributions ( Base Salary ), incentive bonus programs, and long-term equity awards, such as restricted stock units and options, which are tied to the value of our stock price. We believe that a compensation program with both short-term and long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation, aligns employee and stockholder interests, incentivizes business and individual performance (pay for performance), motivates based on long-term company performance, and integrates compensation with our business plans. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we provide U.S. employees with a range of benefits, including life and health insurance (medical, dental, and vision), paid time off, sick leave, holiday pay, and a 401(k) plan. For employees outside of the U.S., we offer benefits based on local requirements. Health, Safety Wellness Throughout our history, we have remained committed to providing a safe workplace that protects against personal injury and minimizes environmental harm. We adhere to international standards and regulations to ensure product safety and security. Our health and safety programs emphasize personal accountability, professional conduct, and regulatory compliance, while fostering a culture of proactivity, caution, and open communication. In developing our products, we define and conduct various tests to ensure their safety and security. We evaluate risks using both government-mandated procedures and industry best practices to understand residual risk and appropriately safeguard our employees. Our proactive efforts to prevent occupational illnesses and injuries enable us to maintain a safe, healthy, and secure workplace. Additionally, we have a Safety Committee, dedicated to promoting communication about health, safety, and emergency response procedures, as well as facilitating continuous improvements to our work environment and practices. We are committed to complying with all applicable laws related to labor and employment across every aspect of our operations. Beyond legal requirements, we adhere to global standards regarding the fair and ethical treatment of workers, such as those set by the Responsible Business Alliance, regarding the fair and ethical treatment of workers. These include preventing excessive working hours and unfair wages, implementing controls to prohibit child labor and human trafficking, and bolstering workplace health and safety measures. Board Oversight of Human Capital Management Our Board of Directors, as part of its overall responsibility to provide oversight, has purview over matters related to human capital management. Our Compensation Committee oversees various aspects of human capital management, such as incentive and equity compensation plans, the administration of these plans, compensation matters outside the ordinary course of business, and compensation policies. Corporate Information We were founded and maintain our worldwide headquarters in San Jose, California, where approximately half of our employees are based. As one of the largest employers in the City of San Jose, we are proud to be an active member of the San Jose and Silicon Valley communities. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 9 Table of Contents We were incorporated in California in September 1993 and subsequently reincorporated in Delaware in March 2007. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SMCI . Our principal executive offices are located at 980 Rock Avenue, San Jose, California 95131. Our telephone number is (408) 503-8000, and our website address is www.supermicro.com. Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas Please see Note 15, Segment Reporting in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report for information regarding segment reporting, and Note 4, Revenue in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report for information regarding our net sales by geographic region. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for further information on risks associated with our international operations. Working Capital We place significant emphasis on managing our inventories and other working capital related items. We manage inventories through active communication with our customers and partners, using our industry experience to accurately forecast demand. Based on these forecasts, we place manufacturing orders for our products. We maintain substantial inventories of our products because the computer server industry is characterized by short lead-time orders and quick delivery schedules. Additionally, during fiscal year 2025, the computer server industry experienced global supply chain shortages, which resulted in a need to carry more inventory to fulfill demand from our customers and partners. Forward Stock Split On September 30, 2024, we filed an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment ) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a ten-for-one forward split (the Stock Split ) of our common stock without any change to its par value. The Amendment also effected a proportionate increase in the number of shares of authorized common stock from 100,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. Pursuant to Section 242(d) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, stockholder approval was not required in connection with the foregoing. The Stock Split became effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on September 30, 2024. Trading in the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market commenced on a Stock Split-adjusted basis at the market open on October 1, 2024, under the existing trading symbol SMCI. As a result of the Stock Split, every one (1) share of common stock issued and outstanding was automatically divided into ten (10) shares of common stock. The Stock Split did not modify any rights or preferences of the shares of the common stock. Proportionate adjustments were automatically made to the number of shares of common stock underlying our outstanding equity awards, equity incentive plans, and other existing agreements, as well as exercise or conversion prices, as applicable. Unless noted, all references to shares of common stock and per share amounts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge, on or through our website at www.supermicro.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or made part of, this Annual Report or our other filings with, or reports furnished to, the SEC. The SEC s website, www.sec.gov , contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it, or connected to it, are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with (or furnish to) the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Annual Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being harmed in these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. Risk Factor Summary The following summarizes the principal factors that make an investment in the Company speculative or risky. This summary should be read in conjunction with the remainder of this Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. The occurrence of any of these risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. You should consider all of the risk factors described in our public filings when evaluating our business. Risks Related to Previously being Delinquent in SEC Reporting Obligations We face risks related to previously being delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations; We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure section in this Annual Report, the remediation of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures discussed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report, and any resulting litigation; Matters relating to or arising from the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure section in this Annual Report, including adverse publicity and potential concerns from our customers, have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition; We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner. Risks Related to our Global Operating Business and Industry Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and will likely fluctuate in the future, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline; If we fail to meet any publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, it could cause our stock to decline in value; Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results; Our sales are concentrated in a few large customers. If we lose or experience a significant reduction in sales to any of these key customers, if any of these key customers experience a significant decline in market share, or if any of these customers experience significant financial difficulties, our revenue may decrease substantially and our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed; We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, which in turn could impair the rate of our growth; Our cost structure, ability to deliver server solutions to customers, and ability to resolve warranty claims in a timely manner may be adversely affected by volatility of the market for core components and certain materials for our products; We face risks related to recessions, inflation, stagflation, and other macroeconomic conditions; Changes in U.S. or foreign policies, geopolitical conditions, general economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results; Any failure, disruption or security breach or incident of or impacting our information technology infrastructure or information management systems could have an adverse impact on our business and operations; We may be unable to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees; SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 11 Table of Contents Conflicts of interest may arise with Ablecom and Compuware, and they may adversely affect our operations; Our reliance on Ablecom and Compuware could be subject to risks associated with our reliance on a limited source of contract manufacturing services and inventory warehousing; If we lose Charles Liang, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, or any other key employee or are unable to attract additional key employees, we may not be able to implement our business strategy in a timely manner; We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties. If we are unable to accurately predict customer demand, we may hold excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our gross margin. Conversely, we may have insufficient inventory or be unable to obtain the supplies or contract manufacturing capacity to meet demand, which would result in lost revenue opportunities and potential loss of market share as well as damaged customer; If negative publicity arises with respect to us, our employees, our third-party service providers or our partners, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, regardless of whether the negative publicity is true; We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain components used to manufacture our products; Changing technology and intense competition require us to continuously innovate while controlling product costs, and our failure to do so may result in decreased revenues and profitability; The AI industry has driven a portion of our recent success. The AI industry involves significant risks and uncertainties, and the use of AI by our workforce may present risks to our business; Our results of operations may be subject to fluctuations based upon certain investments we make; Our growth into markets outside the United States exposes us to risks inherent in international business operations. Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to various lawsuits and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, and government inquiries and investigations, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a way that could seriously harm our business, and any orders, actions or rulings not in our favor could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition; Our operations are impacted by complex laws, rules and regulations related to export control to which our business is subject, and rapid changes in such laws, rules, and regulations as well as political and other actions related thereto may adversely impact our business; Because our products and services may store, process and use data, some of which contains personal information, we are subject to complex and evolving domestic and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters, which are subject to change; Adequately protecting our intellectual property rights could be costly, and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products; Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, other applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and applicable trade control laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences; Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law and provisions in our governing documents could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, as a result, depress the trading price of our common stock; The concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders likely limits your ability to influence corporate matters. Financial Risks Our indebtedness, liabilities, and other contractual obligations could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to meet those obligations; Provisions in the 2029 Convertible Notes Indenture, the 2028 Convertible Notes Indenture, and the 2030 Convertible Notes Indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us, may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock; The capped call transactions entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Convertible Notes and the 2030 Convertible Notes subject us to counterparty risk and may affect our common stock; Our future effective income tax rates could be affected by changes in the relative mix of our operations, our relative income among different geographic regions, and domestic and foreign income tax laws, which could affect our future operating results, financial condition and cash flows; We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 12 Table of Contents General Risks Our products may not be viewed as supporting climate change mitigation in the IT sector; Expectations and evolving laws and regulations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose us to potential liabilities, reputational harm and other unforeseen adverse effects on our business. Risks Related to Previous Delinquent SEC Reporting Obligations We face risks related to previously being delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations. Due to the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure of this Annual Report, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 ( FY2024 10-K ), and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (the Delinquent Reports ) were delinquent. While we filed all of the Delinquent Reports within the extension period granted by Nasdaq, we expect to continue to face many of the risks and challenges related to previously being delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations, including the following: We may fail to remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and other material weaknesses may be identified in the future, which could adversely affect the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting; Failure to timely file our SEC reports and make our current financial information available in the past has placed downward pressure on our stock price, which has adversely affected, and may continue adversely affect, hiring and employee retention; Litigation and claims as well as regulatory examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders arising out of our failure to file SEC reports on a timely basis in the past, including the reasons and causes for such failure to file, will continue to divert management attention and resources from the operation of our business; We may not be able to recapture lost business or business opportunities due to ongoing reputational harm; and We continue to receive negative reports or actions related to our commercial credit ratings due to our past failure to file SEC reports on time, which could increase the cost of, or reduce our access to, future commercial credit arrangements and limit our ability to refinance existing indebtedness. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure of this Annual Report and the remediation of deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation. We have devoted and expect to continue to devote substantial internal and external resources towards remediation efforts relating to the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure of this Annual Report, and management s review of the circumstances and processes that led to those circumstances. As a result of these efforts, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant incremental fees and expenses for additional accounting, financial and other consulting and professional services. Matters relating to or arising from the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure of this Annual Report, including adverse publicity and potential concerns from our customers, have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We have been and could continue to be the subject of negative publicity focused on the matters underlying the circumstances discussed in Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure of this Annual Report. We may be adversely impacted by negative reactions to this publicity from our customers or others with whom we do business, who may have concerns including the time and effort required to address our accounting and control environment and our ability to be a long-term provider to our customers. The continued occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 13 Table of Contents We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could, if not remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports, and annually our independent auditors must attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. It is necessary for us to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting to prevent fraud and errors and to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures so that we can provide timely and reliable financial and other information. A failure to maintain adequate internal controls may adversely affect our ability to provide financial statements that accurately reflect our financial condition and report information on a timely basis. We have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2025 due to the existence of material weaknesses in such controls, and we have also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2025 due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, all as described in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report. While we have initiated remediation measures to address the identified material weaknesses, we cannot provide assurance that our remediation efforts will be adequate to allow us to conclude that such controls will be effective in the future. We also cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not arise or be identified in the future. We intend to continue our control remediation activities and to continue to improve our overall control environment and our operational, information technology, financial systems, and infrastructure procedures and controls, as well as to continue to train and develop our personnel who are essential to effective internal controls. In doing so, we will continue to incur expenses and expend management time on compliance-related issues. If we are unable to successfully complete our remediation efforts in a timely manner and are, therefore, not able to favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, this could further cause investors to lose confidence, and our operating results, financial position, ability to accurately report our financial results and timely file our SEC reports, and stock price could be adversely affected. Moreover, because of the inherent limitations of any control system, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unable to provide reliable and timely financial reports in the future or if our financial statements are restated, our business and reputation may be further harmed. Restated financial statements and failures in internal controls may also cause us to fail to meet reporting obligations, negatively affect investor and customer confidence in our management or result in adverse publicity and concerns from investors and customers, any of which could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock, subject us to further regulatory investigations, potential penalties or stockholder litigation, and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Risks Related to our Global Operating Business and Industry Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and will likely fluctuate in the future, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. We believe that our financial and operating results will continue to be subject to fluctuation due to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors that may affect quarterly operating results include: Our ability to adjust spending due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services; Our ability to comply with our contractual obligations to customers; Our extended payment term arrangements with certain customers, the inability of some customers to make required payments, our ability to obtain credit insurance for customers with extended payment terms, and customer bad debt write-offs; Our vendors payment requirements; Changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; Fluctuations in the timing and size of large customer orders and revenue recognition from such orders, and whether those orders are paid timely or require us to extend credit, which may expose us to collection risks even where we pursue mitigation strategies such as third party insurance with respect to credit issued and taking a security interest in goods we have sold to customers pending collection of any credit given; and Revenue and margin variability due to potential volatility in emergent and rapidly evolving markets (such as AI), increased competition, challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 14 Table of Contents Moreover, customers may hesitate to purchase, or not continue to purchase, our products due to ongoing reputational harm, negative publicity or other concerns related to our previously Delinquent Reports. Any of these factors could prevent us from achieving our anticipated financial results. For example, we have granted and may continue to grant extended payment terms to some customers, particularly during macroeconomic downturns, which could impact our ability to collect payment. Our vendors have requested and may continue to ask for shorter payment terms, which may impact our cash flow generation. These arrangements reduce the cash we have available for general business operations. In addition, the pace of growth in our operating expenses and investments may lag our revenue growth, creating volatility or periods where profitability levels may not be sustainable. Failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts is likely to cause our stock price to decline, as it has in the past, or substantial price volatility. If we fail to meet any publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, it could cause our stock to decline in value. We generally provide forward-looking financial guidance when we announce our financial results for the prior quarter. No assurances can be given that we will continue to provide forward-looking financial guidance, and if we do issue forward looking guidance, the uncertainties related to these items could cause us to revise such guidance. If issued, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking guidance at any time. In the past, our financial results have failed from time to time to meet the guidance we provided. There are a number of reasons why we have at times failed to meet guidance in the past and might fail again in the future, including, but not limited to, the factors described in these Risk Factors. Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results. Our products experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and industry standards. Our success depends on our ability to: Timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of our markets, including addressing unexpected shifts in industry standards or disruptive technological innovations that could render our products incompatible with those developed by other companies; Develop or acquire new products and technologies through investments in research and development; Launch new offerings with new business models including software, services, and cloud solutions, as well as software, or infrastructure; Expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies; Meet evolving and prevailing customer and industry safety, security, reliability expectations, and compliance standards; Manage product and software lifecycles to maintain customer and end-user satisfaction; Develop, acquire, maintain, and secure access to the internal and external infrastructure needed to scale our business, including sufficient energy for powering data centers using our products, acquisition integrations, customer support, e-commerce, IP licensing capabilities, and cloud service capacity; Complete technical, financial, operational, compliance, sales and marketing investments for the above activities. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop or monetize new products and technologies, or if they do not become widely adopted, our financial results could be adversely affected. Obtaining design wins may involve a lengthy process and depends on our ability to anticipate and provide features and functionality that customers will demand. They also do not guarantee revenue. Failure to obtain a design win may prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. We cannot ensure that our products and technologies will provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail any of these key success criteria, our financial results may be harmed. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 15 Table of Contents Our sales are concentrated in a few large customers. If we lose or experience a significant reduction in sales to any of these key customers, if any of these key customers experience a significant decline in market share, or if any of these customers experience significant financial difficulties, our revenue may decrease substantially and our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. We have become increasingly dependent upon larger sales to grow our business. In recent years, we have completed larger sales to leading internet data center and cloud customers, large enterprise customers and OEMs. We had four customers account for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal years 2025 and one customer account for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal 2024, while we had no single customer account for 10% or more of net sales in fiscal year 2023. We anticipate we may continue to have customers account for 10% or more of net sales in the future, and any subsequent loss of such customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If customers buy our products in greater volumes and their business becomes a larger percentage of our net sales, we may grow increasingly dependent on those customers to maintain our growth. If our largest customers do not purchase our products, or we are unable to supply such customers with products, at the levels, in the timeframes or within the geographies that we expect, including as a result of a global economic downturn, excessive credit risk, or a desire by such customers to limit their dependency upon us as a supplier, our ability to maintain or grow our net sales will be adversely affected. Increased sales to larger customers may also cause fluctuations in the results of operations. Large orders are generally subject to intense competition and pricing pressure which can have an adverse impact on our margins and results of operations. Accordingly, a significant increase in revenue during the period in which we recognize the revenue from a large customer may be followed by a period during which the customer either does not purchase any products or only a small number of our products. Additionally, as we and our partners focus increasingly on selling to larger customers and attracting larger orders, we expect greater costs of sales. Our sales cycle may become longer, and more expensive, as larger customers typically spend more time negotiating contracts than smaller customers. Such larger orders may require greater commitments of working capital, which may require increased borrowings under our credit facilities to fund purchases of key components (such as CPUs, memory, SSDs and GPUs) necessary for such orders, which could adversely affect our cash flow and expose us to the risk of holding excess and obsolete inventory, if there are delays or cancellations. Furthermore, larger customers also often seek greater levels of support in the implementation and use of our server solutions. An actual or perceived inability to meet customer support demands may adversely affect our relationship with such customers, which may affect the likelihood of future purchases of our products. Larger customers may also request larger amounts of credit or longer payment terms, which, if granted, increases our risks in the event customers do not pay or make timely payment, which risk is exacerbated in the event our payment terms with major suppliers of necessary components for such orders do not match the payment terms of our customers. As a result of the above factors, our quarter-to-quarter results of operations may be subject to greater fluctuation and our stock price may be adversely affected. We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, which in turn could impair the rate of our growth. We had net income of $1,048.9 million, $1,152.7 million, and $640.0 million in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. During fiscal year 2025, we issued $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2028 Convertible Notes in a private placement, and we issued $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of our 2030 Convertible Notes in a private placement. Our Taiwan subsidiary, where we maintain significant operations, also increased their lines of credit, or entered into new lines of credit, with various commercial banks in Taiwan. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 16 Table of Contents We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, borrowing capacity available from our credit facilities and internally generated cash flows will be sufficient to support our operating businesses and maturing debt and interest payments for the 12 months following the issuance of the financial statements included in this Annual Report. Nevertheless, we intend to continue to grow our business, which could require additional capital. We may need to further expand our credit facilities, enter into new credit facilities or engage in additional equity, debt or other type of financings to secure additional capital to continue or increase our rate of growth. If we raise additional capital through additional future issuances of equity or equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we may issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those holders of our common stock. Any credit facility or debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which could make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital and to pursue our growth strategies. If we are unable to secure additional funding on favorable terms, or at all, when we seek it, we may not be able to continue the rate of our growth. In addition, no assurances can be given that in the event that we secure such financing that the proceeds thereof will be used effectively or result in growth. Our cost structure, ability to deliver server solutions to customers, and ability to resolve warranty claims in a timely manner may be adversely affected by volatility of the market for core components and certain materials for our products. Prices of certain materials and core components utilized in the manufacture of our server and storage solutions, such as GPUs, server boards, chassis, CPUs, memory, hard drives and SSDs, represent a significant portion of our cost of sales. GPUs have represented an increasing portion of our cost of sales. While we have increased our purchases of certain critical materials and core components in response to the supply and demand uncertainties, we do not have long-term supply contracts for all critical materials and core components, but instead often purchase these materials and components on a purchase order basis. Prices and availability of these core components and materials are volatile, and, as a result, it is difficult to predict expense levels and operating results. For a variety of reasons, including supply constraints of some key components and forecasts for the demand for our products, the purchase orders we place for such components and materials have resulted in a growth of inventory. No assurances can be given that we will be able to enter into necessary long-term supply contracts for critical materials and core components, or, even if we are able to enter into such supply contracts, that they would be appropriate, or our costs, gross margins or inventory would improve. Because we often acquire materials and key components on an as needed basis, we may be limited in our ability to effectively and efficiently respond to customer orders and warranty claims, which in some cases require the provision of replacement solutions, because of the then-current availability or the terms and pricing of these materials and key components, particularly for GPUs during periods of growth of new emerging markets (such as for AI). While we have experienced an increase in demand for certain of our products in the recent past, our industry has experienced materials shortages and delivery delays in the past, including as a result of increased demand during periods of growth of new emerging markets (such as for AI), challenges in the global supply chain as a result of conflict and pandemic, and global economic downturn. We may have experienced, or continue to experience, shortages or delays of critical materials or increased logistics costs to obtain necessary materials in a timely manner to meet the needs of our increasing demand. From time to time, we have been forced to delay the introduction of certain of our products or the fulfillment of customer orders as a result of shortages of materials and key components, which can adversely impact our revenue. If shortages, supply or demand imbalances or delays arise, the prices of these materials and key components may increase or the materials and key components may not be available at all. In the event of shortages, some of our larger competitors may have greater abilities to obtain materials and key components due to their larger purchasing power. We may not be able to secure enough key components or materials at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products to meet customer demand or timely resolve warranty claims, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, from time to time, we have accepted customer orders with various types of component pricing protection. Such arrangements have increased our exposure to component pricing fluctuations and have adversely affected our financial results in certain quarters. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 17 Table of Contents If we were to lose any of our current supply or contract manufacturing relationships, the process of identifying and qualifying a new supplier or contract manufacturer who meets our quality and delivery requirements, and who will appropriately safeguard our intellectual property, may require a significant investment of time and resources (if an alternative supplier is available at all), adversely affecting our ability to satisfy customer purchase orders and warranty claims and delaying our ability to rapidly introduce new products to market. Similarly, if any of our suppliers were to cancel, materially change contracts or commitments to us or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer demand for our products, whether due to shortages or other reasons, our reputation and relationships with customers could be damaged. In addition, changes in supplier credit terms may have impacts on our ability to acquire materials and key components needed to meet customer demand or required for growth. An inability to meet such customer demand may have adverse impacts on our growth or our ability to maintain or grow market share. We could also lose orders, be unable to develop or sell some products cost-effectively or on a timely basis, if at all, and have significantly decreased revenues, margins and earnings, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We face risks related to recessions, inflation, stagflation, and other macroeconomic conditions. Customer demand for our products may be impacted by weak macroeconomic conditions, inflation, stagflation, recessionary or lower-growth environments, high or rising interest rates, equity market volatility or other negative economic factors in the U.S. or other nations. For example, under these conditions or expectation of such conditions, our customers may cancel orders, delay purchasing decisions or reduce their use of our services. In addition, these economic conditions have resulted in the past, and could result in the future, in higher inventory levels, and thus additional excess and obsolescence charges. Further, in the event of a recession or threat of a recession our manufacturing partners, suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges and as a result they may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet our customer demands or generate revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Similarly, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our manufacturing partners, customers, suppliers and creditors and might cause us to not be able to continue to access preferred sources of liquidity when we would like, and our borrowing costs could increase. Thus, if general macroeconomic conditions, or conditions in the semiconductor industry, or conditions in our customer end markets deteriorate or experience a sustained period of weakness or slower growth, our business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we are also subject to risk from inflation and increasing market prices of certain components, supplies, and commodity raw materials, which are incorporated into our end products or used by our manufacturing partners or suppliers to manufacture our end products. These components, supplies and commodities have from time to time become restricted, or general market factors and conditions have in the past and may in the future affect pricing of such components, supplies and commodities (such as inflation or supply chain constraints). Changes in U.S. or foreign policies, geopolitical conditions, general economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results. Our business is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate and the countries in which our contract manufacturers, component suppliers, and other business partners are located. Our operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. For example, tensions between the United States and China have led to the United States imposition of a series of tariffs, sanctions, and other restrictions on imports from China and sourcing from certain Chinese persons or entities, as well as other business restrictions. The U.S. government has recently imposed tariffs on certain foreign goods, and some foreign governments have threatened or instituted retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. goods and have indicated a willingness to impose additional tariffs on U.S. products, which could increase tensions and create greater uncertainty in our business dealings. Further, such actions by the U.S. could result in other retaliatory actions by those countries which could impact our ability to profitably commercialize our products in those jurisdictions. Several countries are considering or have implemented tariffs or other trade barriers or restrictions, as well as other measures affecting cross-border commerce and the flow of information, which could have broad economic consequences, impact global supply chains and negatively affect our business, customers and partners. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 18 Table of Contents Global events may present challenges and risks to us. For example, the crises in Eastern Europe and the Middle East continue to pose challenges to global companies, including us, which have customers in the impacted regions. The U.S. and other global governments have placed restrictions on how companies may transact with businesses in these regions, particularly Russia, Belarus and restricted areas in Ukraine. Because of these restrictions and the growing logistical and other challenges, we have paused sales to Russia, Belarus and the restricted areas in Ukraine. This decision, which is in line with the approach of other global technology companies, helps us comply with our obligations under the various requirements in the U.S. and around the world. While it is difficult to estimate the impact on our business and financial position of both (i) our pause in sales to Russia, Belarus and the restricted areas in Ukraine and the current or future sanctions and (ii) tensions in the Taiwan strait, our pause in sales and these sanctions and continuing rising tensions could have adverse impacts on us in future periods, although they have not been material to date. For example, with respect to Russia, Belarus and the restricted areas in Ukraine, we did not, prior to the imposition of restrictions, make a material portion of our sales or acquire a material portion of our parts or components directly from impacted regions; however, our suppliers and their suppliers may acquire raw materials for parts or components from the impacted regions. Supply disruptions may make it harder for them to find favorable pricing and reliable sources for materials they need, which may put further upward pressure on their costs and increasing the risks that our costs may increase and that it may be more difficult, or we may be unable, to acquire materials needed. In addition, the crises may further exacerbate inflationary pressures that have indirect impacts on our business, such as further increasing our logistics costs from rising fuel prices and/or continuing to increase our compensation expenses. In addition, no assurances can be given that additional developments in the impacted regions, and responses thereto from the U.S. and other global governments, would not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business depends on the overall demand for accelerated compute platforms. Global financial developments and downturns, even if not directly unrelated to us or our industry, may adversely harm us. If economic conditions, including inflation, increased interest rates, economic output and currency exchange rates, in these markets and other key potential markets for our Total IT Solutions remain uncertain or deteriorate, including as a result of a downturn in the global economy, regional conflicts, tariffs, trade restrictions, or other reasons, customers may delay or reduce their spending. General economic weakness may also lead to longer collection cycles for payments due from our customers, an increase in customer bad debt, and impairment of investments. Furthermore, weakness and uncertainty in worldwide credit markets may harm our customers available budgetary spending, which could lead to cancellations or delays in planned purchases of our Total IT Solutions. If our customers or potential customers experience economic hardship, this could reduce the demand for our Total IT Solutions, delay and lengthen sales cycles, increase requests for customer credit which may increase our risks in the event customers do not pay or make timely payment, lower prices for our Total IT Solutions, and lead to slower growth or even a decline in our revenues, operating results and cash flows. While recently moderating, inflation in the U.S. had increased to a rate not seen in several decades. A recurrence of high inflation may result in decreased demand for our Total IT Solutions, increases in our operating costs including our labor costs, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced spending, and volatility in financial markets. In response to inflation, the Federal Reserve has significantly raised, and may again raise, interest rates, which may increase our own borrowing costs, limit our clients access to debt financing, and reduce technology expenditures and demand for our Total IT Solutions. These and other geopolitical tensions, political or economic uncertainty can disrupt supply chains and increase the cost of our and our partners products, and have a negative impact on consumer confidence, which could impair our future growth and adversely affect our international operations, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any failure, disruption or security breach or incident of or impacting our information technology infrastructure or information management systems could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. Our business depends significantly on effective and efficient information management systems, and the reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure are essential to the operation, health and expansion of our business. For example, the information gathered and processed by our information management systems assists us in managing our supply chain, financial reporting, monitoring customer accounts, and protecting our proprietary and confidential business information, plans, trade secrets, and intellectual property, among other things. In addition, these systems may contain personal data or other confidential or otherwise protected information about our employees, our customers employees, or other business partners. We must continue to expand and update this infrastructure in response to our changing requirements as well as evolving security standards and risks. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 19 Table of Contents In some cases, we may rely upon third-party providers of hosting, support and other services to meet our information technology requirements. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology infrastructure, including our ERP system and other applications, any failure in the extension implementation or operation of this infrastructure, or any failure by our hosting and support partners or other third-party service providers in the performance of their services could materially harm our business. In addition, we have partnered with third parties to support our information technology systems and to help design, build, test, implement and maintain our information management systems. Like other companies, we are subject to ongoing attempts by malicious actors, including through hacking, malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering, exploitation of internet-connected devices, and other attacks, to obtain unauthorized access to, acquire or misuse confidential information, or to disrupt service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and information we process. Cyber threats have increased in recent years, in part due to increased remote work and frequent attacks, including in the form of phishing emails, malware attachments and malicious websites. Additionally, cybersecurity researchers have warned of increased risks of cyber-attacks, in connection with the Russia-Ukraine war. While we work to safeguard our internal network systems and validate the security of our third-party service providers to mitigate these potential risks, including through information security policies, employee awareness and training, there is no assurance that such actions have been or will be sufficient to prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches or incidents. We have been in the past, and may be in the future, subject to social engineering and other cybersecurity attacks, and these attacks may become more prevalent with substantial portion of our workforce being distributed geographically, particularly given the increased remote access to our networks and systems as a result. Further, our third-party service providers may have been and may be in the future subject to such attacks or otherwise may suffer security breaches or incidents. In addition, actions by our employees, service providers, partners, contractors, or others, whether malicious or in error, could affect the security of our systems and information. Further, a breach or compromise of our information technology infrastructure or that of our third-party service providers could result in the misappropriation of intellectual property, business plans, trade secrets or other information. Additionally, while our security systems are designed to maintain the physical security of our facilities and information systems, accidental or willful security breaches or incidents or other unauthorized access by third parties to our facilities or our information systems could lead to unauthorized access to, or misappropriation, disclosure, or other processing of proprietary, confidential and other information. Moreover, new laws and regulations, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act ( CCPA ), add to the complexity of our compliance obligations and increase our compliance costs. Although we have established internal controls and procedures intended to comply with such laws and regulations, any actual or alleged failure to fully comply could result in significant penalties and other liabilities, harm to our reputation and market position, business and financial condition. Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems and those of our third-party service providers are vulnerable to damage from these or other types of attacks, errors or acts of omissions. In addition, our systems may be impacted by natural disasters, terrorism or other similar disruptions. Any system failure, disruption, accident or security breach or incident affecting us or our third-party service providers could result in disruptions to our operations and loss or unavailability of, or unauthorized access or damage to, inappropriate access to, or use, disclosure or other processing of confidential information and other information maintained or otherwise processed by us. Any actual or alleged disruption to, or security breach or incident affecting, our systems or those of our third-party partners could damage our reputation, lead to theft or misappropriation of our intellectual property and trade secrets, result in regulatory investigations, claims or litigation, aff