=== SMCI_2025-08-28.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors , and in other parts of this Annual Report as well as in our other filings with the SEC. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. PART I Item 1. Business Our Company We are a Silicon Valley-based provider of total IT solutions which address demanding workloads from the enterprise and cloud to the intelligent edge. We deliver rack-scale solutions optimized for various workloads, including artificial intelligence ( AI ) and high-performance computing ( HPC ), where acceleration is critical. Additionally, we offer an extensive portfolio of server and storage solutions for enterprise data centers, cloud service providers, and edge computing applications, such as 5G Telco, Retail and embedded. Our Total IT Solutions encompass complete servers, storage systems, modular blade servers, workstations, full-rack scale solutions, networking devices, server sub-systems and server management. These turn-key solutions are designed, developed, validated and installed for leading AI datacenters. Our Total IT Solutions are designed for optimal power and thermal management, including using Supermicro s state-of-the-art liquid cooling technologies. We also provide global support and services to help our customers install, upgrade and maintain their computing infrastructure, including liquid-cooling operations. We offer our customers a high degree of flexibility and customization by providing a broad array of server models and configurations from which they can choose the best solutions to meet their computing needs. Our server and storage systems, sub-systems and accessories are architecturally designed for high reliability, quality, configurability, and scalability. Our in-house design competencies, design control over many of the sub-systems required within our server and storage systems, along with our Server Building Block Solutions (an innovative, modular and open architecture) enable us to rapidly develop, build and test complete solutions, which include servers, storage, software, and networking components. As a result, when new technologies are brought to market, we are generally able to quickly assemble a broad portfolio of solutions by leveraging common building blocks across product lines. We work closely with the leading microprocessor, graphics processing units ( GPU ), memory, disk/flash, and interconnect vendors and other hardware and software suppliers to coordinate our new products design with their product release schedules. This enhances our ability to rapidly introduce new products by incorporating the latest technology, improve quality and reduce costs. We seek to be the first to market with superior product designs, and we have the ability to offer a broad selection of products using those technologies to our customers. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 1 Table of Contents We conduct our operations principally from our Silicon Valley headquarters and facilities in Taiwan and the Netherlands. Additionally as part of our efforts to expand our capacities, we added a new facility in Malaysia during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Our sales and marketing activities operate through a combination of our direct sales force and indirect sales channel partners. We work with distributors, value-added resellers, system integrators, and original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers in our indirect sales channels. Strategy Our objective is to be the world s leading provider of Rack Scale Total IT Solutions, offering a comprehensive portfolio of high-performance, application-optimized server, storage and networking solutions. Achieving this objective requires continuous development and innovation of our Total IT Solutions portfolio with better price-performance and architectural advantages over both prior generations of our solutions and competitors offerings. Through our strategy, we seek to maintain or improve our relative competitive position in many product areas and pursue markets that provide us with additional long-term growth opportunities. Key elements of our strategy include executing upon the following: Strong Internal Research and Development and Internal Manufacturing Capability We are continually investing in our engineering organization. As of June 30, 2025, we had over 3,200 employees in our research and development organization. These resources, along with our understanding of complex computing and storage requirements, enable us to deliver product innovation featuring advanced functionality and capabilities required by our customers. Also, our worldwide manufacturing facilities enable us to reduce the time to delivery in every geography around the world. Our engineers work directly with our manufacturing personnel to plan together and identify and address any issues together. Introducing Innovative Products Faster We seek to sustain advantages in both time-to-market and breadth of products by incorporating the latest technological innovations, such as new processors (central processing units ( CPUs ), and GPUs), liquid cooling enhancements, advancements in memory and storage, and evolving I/O technologies. We seek these advantages by leveraging our in-house design capabilities and our Building Block Solutions architecture. This allows us to offer customers a broad range of products tailored to their specific application requirements and to focus on delivering products with better time-to-market. In particular, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 ): We delivered a comprehensive portfolio of AI-focused solutions, specifically designed to support the latest AI workloads, including products compatible with NVIDIA s Hopper (H100/H200) and Blackwell (GB200/B200/RTX Pro 6000) generation platforms; We launched our Data Center Building Block Solutions ( DCBBS ), an integrated offering that simplifies the deployment of liquid-cooled AI factories. This solution includes all critical infrastructure components - servers, storage, networking, racks, liquid cooling infrastructure, software, services, and support; We unveiled DLC-2, our next-generation Direct Liquid Cooling solution, engineered to significantly reduce power and water consumption, noise, and spatial requirements in data centers. DLC-2 can lower electricity costs by up to 40% compared to air-cooled setups and reduce total cost of ownership ( TCO ) by up to 20%; We introduced new products supporting Intel Xeon 6900 Series processors and Intel Xeon 6 data center CPUs, as well as AMD EPYC 9005 Series CPUs and AMD Instinct MI350/355 Series GPUs; We expanded our edge and IoT portfolio with a variety of new systems designed for low-power environments that require compact, efficient compute solutions; and We broadened our storage offerings with an AI-optimized storage solution built for large-scale AI training workloads, and introduced new, enterprise-grade, scale-up storage products. Capitalizing on New Applications and Technologies In addition to meeting traditional needs for server and storage systems, we have devoted, and will continue to devote, substantial resources to developing systems that support emerging and growing applications including AI, cloud computing, 5G/edge computing, storage and others. We believe there are significant opportunities for us in each of these rapidly developing markets, driven by stringent design requirements for these applications that often require the use of the latest technologies, allowing us to leverage our capabilities in product innovation, superior time-to-market, and portfolio breadth. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 2 Table of Contents Liquid Cooling To reduce the high cost of operating and address constraints on power and cooling in data centers, IT managers increasingly turn to suppliers that offer high-performance, cost-effective, energy-efficient, and environmentally friendly products. Our resource saving architecture supports our leadership in green IT innovation. We offer product lines that are designed to share common computing resources, thereby saving both valuable space and power as compared to general-purpose rackmount servers. In addition, due to the advanced power requirements of these systems, we provide end-to-end liquid cooling solutions across our designs to optimize the elevated power and thermal management requirements. We believe our approach of leveraging an overall architecture that balances data center power requirements, cooling, shared resources and refresh cycles helps reduce environmental impact while providing TCO savings for our customers. Liquid cooling necessitates the need for rack-scale integration of the power and cooling infrastructure. We design, build, test, validate, and deliver complete rack scale solutions for liquid-cooled direct-to-chip cold plate solutions for CPUs, GPUs, and memory. In addition, we manufacture the sophisticated management systems -- Cooling Distribution Units, Cooling Distribution Manifolds -- to regulate system temperatures for maximum performance. Liquid cooling can be easily included in rack-level integrations to further increase system efficiency, reduce instances of thermal throttling, and lower both the TCO and Total Cost to Environment of data center deployments. Driving Software and Services Sales to our Global Enterprise Customers We work closely with customers by offering total data center life-cycle management software. This enables data center operators to closely monitor their entire IT infrastructure, identify potential issues, and address them before they lead to failures. By offering management software and worldwide onsite and remote services to our customers, we also drive additional revenue for our total IT solutions. These software products and services are required for large-scale deployments, help meet service level agreements and address uptime requirements. In addition to our internal software development efforts, we partner with external software vendors to meet customer requirements. Leveraging Our Global Operating Structure We are committed to expanding our worldwide manufacturing capacity and logistics operations across the United States, Taiwan, and the Netherlands, and we have increased our manufacturing capacity with our new facility in Malaysia. This strategic expansion allows us to serve our customers more efficiently while reducing overall manufacturing costs. Products and Services We offer a broad range of compute, storage and edge platforms that are application-optimized server solutions, rackmount and blade servers, storage, and subsystems and accessories. These products are designed to serve a variety of markets, such as enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI and 5G/edge computing. We complement our accelerated compute platforms inclusive of server and storage system offerings with software management, global services and support, the revenue for which is included in our server and storage systems revenue. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 3 Table of Contents Server and Storage Systems We offer platforms in rackmount, blade, multi-node and embedded form factors, which support single, dual, and multiprocessor architectures. Our key product lines include: An extensive portfolio of liquid and air cooled AI Servers for Training and Inferencing with integrated GPUs or PCIe based architectures; SuperBlade , MicroBlade , FlexTwin , GrandTwin , and BigTwin blade and multi-node system families that are designed for density, performance, and efficiency that share common computing resources, thereby saving space and power over standard rackmount servers and offering superior serviceability and manageability; SuperStorage systems that provide high-density storage while leveraging an efficient use of power to achieve performance-per-watt savings. Our storage systems are also designed for maximum performance for AI training environments; Hyper, CloudDC, and WIO an extensive rackmount system family that provides optimization for a broad range of workloads and environments that deliver entire clusters of racks, with both liquid-cooled and air-cooled options, per customer requirements; Embedded (5G/IoT/Edge) systems optimized for evolving networks and intelligent management of connected devices; and MicroCloud server systems that deliver node density in environments with space and power constraints. In addition to our server and storage platforms business, we offer a large array of modular server subsystems and accessories, including server boards, chassis, power supplies and other accessories. These subsystems serve as the foundation for platform solutions, covering a range of product offerings from entry-level single and dual-processor servers to high-end multiprocessor markets. The majority of the subsystems and accessories we sell individually are designed to work together to optimize performance and are ultimately integrated into complete server and storage systems. Server Software Management Solutions Our open industry-standard remote system management solutions, such as our Server Management suite, including Supermicro Server Manager, Supermicro Power Management software, Supermicro Update Manager, SuperCloud Composer and SuperDoctor 5, are designed to efficiently manage large-scale heterogeneous data center environments, including liquid cooling. Supermicro Global Services We are rapidly expanding our global service capabilities in support of large-scale AI Cluster deployments and the need to support Enterprise AI adoption in on-premise data centers. We provide global service and support offerings for our direct and OEM customers and our indirect sales channel partners, either directly or through approved distributors and third-party partners. We also identify service requirements, create and execute project plans, conduct verification testing, offer training, and provide technical documentation. Rack Level Services: Our rack level services provide complete service from design to deployment for full rack and cluster level deployments of AI and HPC datacenters. We leverage Supermicro experts and resources to work with leading CSP and Enterprise data centers to completely design and deliver turn-key solutions handling all phases of the data center design and rack integration and installation process. We provide a single point of contact for the entire solution accelerating time to online and optimizing performance and efficiency. Global Services: Our strategic direct and OEM customers may purchase a variety of on-site support service plans. Our service plans vary in terms of specific services, response times, coverage hours and duration, repair priority levels, spare parts requirements, logistics, data privacy and security needs. Our Global Services team provides help desk services and on-site product support for our server and storage systems. Support Services: Our customer support services offer competitive warranties, typically ranging from one-to-three years, and warranty extension options for products sold by our direct sales team and approved indirect sales channel partners. Our customer support team provides ongoing maintenance and technical support for our products through our website and 24/7 direct phone-based support. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 4 Table of Contents Research and Development We perform most of our research and development activities in-house in the United States at our facilities in San Jose, California, and in Taiwan. This approach enhances communication and collaboration between our design teams, streamlining the development process and reducing time-to-market. We believe that the combination of our focus on internal research and development activities, our close working relationships with local customers and vendors and our modular design approach allows us to decrease time-to-market, improve quality and deliver superior product designs. Additionally, we continue to invest in reducing our design and manufacturing costs while improving the performance, cost-effectiveness and power- and space-efficiency of our Total IT Solutions. Our research and development teams focus on the development of new and enhanced products that can support emerging technological and engineering innovations while achieving high overall system performance. Much of our research and development activity relates to the new product cycles of leading processor vendors. We work closely with NVIDIA, Intel and AMD, among others, to develop products that are compatible with the latest generation of industry-standard technologies under development. Our collaborative approach with these vendors allows us to align the design of our new products with their product release schedules, thereby enhancing our ability to rapidly introduce new products incorporating the latest technology. We work closely with their respective development teams to enhance system performance and reduce system-level issues. Similarly, we work very closely with our customers to understand their needs and develop our new product plans accordingly. Customers During each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we sold to over 1,000 customers in over 100 countries. In addition, over the three years ended June 30, 2025, we have sold to thousands of end users through our indirect sales channel. These customers represent a diverse set of market verticals including enterprise data centers, cloud computing, AI, 5G and edge computing markets. Four customers each accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal year 2025 and one single customer accounted for 10% or more of net sales in fiscal year 2024. No customer accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in fiscal year 2023. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing activities are conducted through a combination of our direct sales force and our indirect sales channel partners. Our direct sales force is primarily focused on selling Total IT Solutions, including management software and global services, to large scale cloud, enterprise and OEM customers. In addition, we operate a centralized command center, designed to assist customers with quick and accurate configurations. We work with distributors, value-added resellers, system integrators, and OEMs to market and sell our optimized solutions to their end customers. We provide sales and marketing assistance and training to our indirect sales channel partners and OEMs. We leverage our relationships in our indirect sales channel and with OEMs to penetrate select industry vertical market segments where our products can provide better alternatives to existing solutions. We maintain close contact with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers. We often collaborate during the sales process with our indirect sales channel partners and the end customer s technical staff to determine the optimal system configuration for the customer s needs. Our interaction with our indirect sales channel partners and end customers allows us to monitor customer requirements and develop new products to meet their needs. International Sales Our global sales efforts are supported both by our international offices in the Netherlands, Taiwan, South Korea, United Kingdom, China, and Japan, as well as by our United States based sales team. Product fulfillment and first level support for our international customers are provided by Supermicro Global Services, as well as through our indirect sales channel and OEMs. Sales to customers located outside of the United States represented 40.6%, 32.0%, and 32.1% of net sales in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 5 Table of Contents Marketing Our marketing programs are designed to create global awareness and brand-recognition for our company and products, as well as an understanding of the significant value we bring to customers. These programs also inform existing and potential customers, the trade press, market analysts, indirect sales channel partners, and OEMs about the strong capabilities and benefits of using our products and solutions. Our marketing efforts support the sale and distribution of our products through both direct sales and indirect channels. We utilize a variety of marketing vehicles, including advertising, public relations, web, social media, collateral, and participation in industry events and tradeshows, to build market awareness and generate new customer demand. We provide cooperative marketing funds to our indirect sales channel partners to extend the reach of our marketing efforts. We also leverage our suppliers cooperative marketing programs to jointly benefit from their marketing development funds. Intellectual Property We seek to protect our intellectual property rights with a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and disclosure restrictions. We rely primarily on trade secrets, technical know-how, and other unpatented proprietary information relating to our design and product development activities. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, and other third parties and control access to our designs, documentation, and other proprietary information. Manufacturing and Quality Control We manufacture the majority of our systems at our San Jose, California headquarters. We believe we are the only major server, storage, and accelerated compute platform vendor that designs, develops, and manufactures a significant portion of their systems in the United States. Global assembly, test and quality control of our servers are performed at our manufacturing facilities in San Jose, California, Taiwan, the Netherlands, and Malaysia. In each of our existing facilities, a Quality and Environmental Management System has been certified according to ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and/or ISO 13485 standards. Our suppliers and contract manufacturers are required to adhere to the same standards to maintain consistent product and service quality and continuous improvement of quality and environmental performance. We use several third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers for materials and sub-assemblies. We believe that selectively using outsourced manufacturing services allows us to focus on our core competencies in product design and development, and increases our operational flexibility. We believe our manufacturing strategy allows us to adjust manufacturing capacity in response to changes in customer demand and to rapidly introduce new products to the market. We use Ablecom Technology, Inc. ( Ablecom ) and its affiliate Compuware Technology, Inc. ( Compuware ), both of which are related parties, for contract design and manufacturing coordination support. We work with Ablecom to optimize modular designs for our chassis and several other components. Ablecom also coordinates the manufacturing of chassis for us. In addition to providing a large volume of contract manufacturing services to us, Ablecom warehouses multiple components and subassemblies manufactured by various suppliers before shipping them to our facilities in the United States, Europe, and Asia. We also have a series of agreements with Compuware, including multiple product development, production and service agreements, as well as product manufacturing agreements and lease agreements for office space. See Note 10, Related Party Transactions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and Part III, Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. We continuously monitor our inventory to meet customer delivery requirements and minimize the risk of inventory obsolescence. Due to our building-block designs, our inventory can generally be used with multiple products, lowering working capital requirements and reducing the risk of inventory write-downs. Competition The market for our products is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to new technological developments, changing customer needs and new product introductions. We compete primarily with large vendors of x86-based general purpose servers and components. In addition, we also face competition from smaller vendors that specialize in the sale of server components and systems. In recent years, we have experienced increased competition from original design manufacturers ( ODMs ) that benefit from their scale and very low-cost manufacturing and are increasingly offering their own branded products. We believe our principal competitors include: global technology vendors, such as Cisco, Dell, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, and Lenovo; and ODMs, such as Foxconn, Quanta Computer, and Wiwynn Corporation. SMCI | 2025 Form 10-K | 6 Table of Contents The principal competitive factors in our market include the following: rack Scale Total IT Solutions to reduce TCO for our customers; first to market with new emerging technologies, offered at a competitive price; broad product portfolio providing customers more options to optimize for their workload and environment; high product performance, efficiency and reliability; early identification of emerging opportunities; cost-effective design and manufacturing; sufficient manufacturing capacity necessary to support market demand; energy efficient (Green Computing) product designs that reduce environmental impact, overall power consumption, and costs; and localized and responsive customer support on a worldwide basis. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to most of these factors. However, most of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, greater name recognition, or deeper market penetration. They may be able to allocate more resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products, which could allow them to respond more quickly to new technologies and changes in customer needs. In addition, it is possible that new competitors could emerge and gain significant market share. Government Regulation Our worldwide business activities subject us to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws in the countries in which we operate, and our Total IT Solutions are subject to laws and regulations affecting their sale. To date, costs and expenses incurred to comply with these governmental regulations, including environmental and import and export controls regulations, have not been material to our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future governmental laws and regulations, including environmental and import and export controls regulations, applicable to our operations or Total IT Solutions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material increases in expenditures for compliance with government regulations. We are subject to U.S. and other applicable trade control regulations that restrict with whom we may transact business, including the trade sanctions enforced by the U.S. Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control and the import and export controls enforced by the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations restricting dealings with sanctioned countries, companies and/or persons subject to restricted party lists or parties engaged in restricted end uses, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including civil or criminal penalties. The United States and other countries continually update their lists of export-controlled items and technologies and may impose new or more-restrictive export requirements on our products in the future. As a result of regulatory changes, we may be required to obtain licenses or other authorizations to continue supporting existing customers or to supply existing products to new customers in China, Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia, and elsewhere. Further escalations in trade restrictions or hostilities, particularly between the United States and China, could impede our ability to sell or support our products. Our joint venture in China may become subject to additional trade restrictions, and those trade restrictions could harm our reputation in the market. In October 2022, U.S. export restrictions and export licensing requirements were imposed targeting China s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of software, hardware, equipment, and technology used to develop, produce or manufacture certain chips in China (including Hong Kong). At the same time, export restrictions and export license requirements were also imposed