=== LITE_2025-08-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business operations are subject to numerous risks, factors and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, which could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: Risks Related to our Business • unfavorable economic and market conditions, including the impact of trade restrictions or regulations, including tariffs, duties and export controls; • our reliance on a limited number of suppliers and customers; • order cancellations, reductions or delays in delivery schedules by our customers or distributors; • failure of banking institutions and liquidity concerns at other financial institutions; • our backlog may not be an accurate indicator of our level and timing of future revenue; • our gross margins and operating margins may vary overtime; • challenges relating to supply chain constraints; • changes in technology and intense competition; • our ability to sell to a significant customer, as well as higher tariffs and other trade restrictions between the U.S. and other countries, including China and Thailand; • headwinds caused by heightened, scheduled, or threatened tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other countries; • the impact of a widespread health crisis; • our international operations structure; • volatility and maintenance of our real property portfolio; • our ability to timely procure components needed to manufacture our products; • our ability to manufacture our products; • our leverage in negotiations with large customers; • design and manufacturing defects or quality issues in our products; • changes in laws and the adoption and interpretation of administrative rules and regulations, including U.S. and international customs and export regulations; • our strategic transactions and implementation strategy for our acquisitions, including the Cloud Light acquisition; • restructuring and related charges; • changes in spending levels, demand and customer requirements for our products; • changes in tax laws; • fluctuations in foreign currency; 11 • our future capital requirements; • actual or perceived security or privacy breaches or incidents, as well as defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our technology and that of third-party providers; • the failure or absence of business continuity plans with respect to our global facilities and operations; • the unpredictability of our results of operations; • our ability to protect our product and proprietary rights; • factors relating to our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property rights of others; • actions taken by authorized or unauthorized resellers or distributors that adversely affect our reputation or violate import or export regulations; • litigation risks, including intellectual property litigation; • our reliance on licensed third-party technology; and • our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting Risks Related to Human Capital • our ability to hire and retain key personnel • the effects of immigration policy on our ability to hire and retain employees; and • employment related disputes and claims Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance • our ability to obtain government authorization to export our products; and • changes in social and environmental responsibility regulations, policies and provisions, as well as government, customer, business partner, investor or other stakeholder demands Risks Related to Our Common Stock • the volatility of the trading price of our common stock; • our ability to service our current and future debt; • dilution related to our convertible notes; • our intention not to pay dividends for the foreseeable future; • provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult; and • exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws 12 Risks Related to Our Business Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in macroeconomics and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment. Our business and operating results depend significantly on general market and economic conditions. The current global macroeconomic environment is volatile and continues to be significantly and adversely impacted by inflation and a dynamic demand environment. Additionally, instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding inflation, trade wars, and the effects of heightened, scheduled, or proposed tariffs, banking instability, capital expenditure reductions, unemployment, stock market volatility, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the on-going Russia-Ukraine war, ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, the conflict between Cambodia and Thailand, and China-Taiwan relations), the current economic challenges in China, including global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties, and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. Further, conditions in the global economy have an inherent degree of uncertainty. As a result, it is difficult to estimate the level of growth or contraction of the global economy as a whole. It is even more difficult to estimate growth or contraction in various parts, sectors, and regions of the economy, including the markets in which we participate. All aspects of our forecasts depend on estimates of growth or contraction in the markets we serve. Adverse changes to and uncertainty in the global economy have affected industries in which our customers operate and have resulted in decreases in the rate of demand, consumption or use of certain of our customers’ products which, in turn, have resulted in, and may in the future result in, decreased demand for our products, revenue fluctuations, increased price competition for our products, and increased the risk of excess and obsolete inventories as well as higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. For example, customers who had built up large inventories when supply chains were tight related to the COVID-19 pandemic brought down inventories as supply constraints eased and in some cases these customers delayed projected shipments, which harmed our revenue and profitability. While conditions have continued to stabilize, in some respects, these conditions may recur in the future, and similar losses or delays may harm our results of operations. The impact of economic challenges on the global financial markets could negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, the solvency of our key suppliers or the ability of our customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. Further, supply chain disruptions have led and may continue to lead to increased costs and have harmed and may continue to harm our ability to meet customer demand, adversely affecting our revenue and profitability. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, remain uncertain or deteriorate, our prospects for growth may be negatively impacted, and we may experience adverse impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Adverse changes in political, regulatory and economic policies, including the threats of increasing worldwide tariffs for goods imported into the United States and of escalating retaliatory measures, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. U.S. regulatory activity, such as tariffs, export controls, and economic sanctions laws have in the past, and may in the future, materially limit our ability to make sales to customers in certain regions of the world, including China, and which have in the past, and may in the future, increase our costs and harm our results of operations and financial condition. Throughout 2025, the U.S. imposed a series of tariffs on imported goods. While these tariffs are positioned to have the most significant impacts on goods originating from China, nearly all countries worldwide are impacted at levels ranging from 15% to stacked tariffs in excess of 100% in some cases. The tariff landscape continues to evolve daily and, as a result, the full impact of these tariff measures on our business is uncertain. In addition to the geographic tariffs, U.S. government investigations are currently underway that may result in new tariffs on certain products, including semiconductors, computers, and other products derivative of critical minerals. Outside of the U.S., retaliatory measures from various countries also have in the past, and may in the future, adversely impact business operations. Such measures include tariffs on imports from the U.S. into countries such as China, as well as export control measures. For example, China imposed new export control measures affecting exports of rare earth metals and other critical minerals, limiting our ability to access these materials. Additional changes to the trade policies of the U.S. and China are impossible to predict, and further changes or escalations in the trade policies of one or both countries may continue to affect our business. 13 Adverse regulatory activity, such as export controls, economic sanctions and the imposition of heightened trade tariffs both globally and between the United States and China specifically carries the risk of negatively impacting overall economic conditions, which could have negative repercussions on our industry and our business. Moreover, to the extent the governments of China, the United States or other countries seek to promote use of domestically produced products or to reduce the dependence on or use of products from each other (sometimes referred to as “decoupling”), they may adopt or apply regulations or policies that have the effect of reducing business opportunities for us. Such actions may take the form of specific restrictions on particular customers, products, technology areas, or business combinations. For example, in the area of investments and mergers and acquisitions, the United States has recently announced new requirements for approval by the United States government of outbound investments; and the approval by China regulatory authorities is required for business combinations of companies that conduct business in China over specific thresholds, regardless of where those businesses are based. Restrictions may also be imposed based on whether the supplier is considered unreliable or a security risk. For example, the Chinese government adopted a law that would restrict purchases from suppliers deemed to be “unreliable suppliers.” In May 2023, the Cyberspace Administration of China banned the sale of products from Micron Technology to certain entities in China and stated that such products pose significant security risks to China's critical information infrastructure supply chain and national security. Furthermore, imposition of new or additional tariffs or new or revised export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions, could cause a decrease in the demand for, or sales of our products to customers located in China or other customers selling to Chinese end users or increase the cost for our products, which would directly impact our business and results of operations. We depend on a limited number of suppliers for raw materials, packages and components, and any failure or delay by these suppliers in meeting our requirements could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We purchase raw materials, packages and components from a limited number of suppliers, who are often small and specialized. Additionally, some of our suppliers are our sole sources for certain materials, equipment and components. We depend on the timely and continued supply and quality of the materials, packages and components that our suppliers supply to us. We have not entered into long-term agreements with many of these suppliers. We do not have a guarantee of supply from these suppliers and, as a result, there is no assurance that we would be able to secure the equipment or components that we require, in sufficient quantity, quality and on reasonable terms. Our business and results of operations have been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by this dependency. Alternative sources to mitigate the risk that the failure of any sole supplier will adversely affect our business are not feasible in all circumstances. If we were to lose any one of these or other critical sources, or if there is as an industry-wide increase in demand for, or the discontinuation of, raw materials used in our products, it could be difficult for us, or we may be unable, to find an alternative supplier or raw material, in which case our operations could be adversely affected. We are also subject to risk from increasing or fluctuating market prices of certain raw materials, which are incorporated into our end products or used by our suppliers to manufacture our end products. Supplies for such raw materials have from time to time become restricted, or general market factors and conditions have in the past affected and may in the future affect pricing of such commodities (including, in particular, due to changes in applicable tariffs, inflation, trade restrictions, or other supply chain constraints). For example, China’s recent export controls affected the availability and price of rare earth metals and other critical minerals for us as well as our supply chain and customers, adversely affecting our operations, margins and sales. Specific concerns we periodically encounter with our sole suppliers or limited number of suppliers include receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, stoppages or delays of supply, insufficient resources to supply our requirements, substitution of more expensive or less reliable materials, increases in the price of supplies, and an inability to obtain reduced pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures. Furthermore, supply chain disruptions and labor market constraints have created heightened risk that sole suppliers or limited number of suppliers may be unable to meet their obligations to us. Difficulties in obtaining the materials, or services used in the conduct of our business or additional fees or higher prices to do so, have adversely affected our revenue and results of operations, and further challenges or decisions to seek alternate suppliers to secure supply in order to meet demand would increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 14 Our financial results may be adversely affected due to changes in product demand impacted by recessions, increases in interest rates, stagflation and other economic conditions. Customer demand for our products may be impacted by weak economic conditions, inflation, stagflation, trade wars, adverse changes in tariffs and trade policies, recessionary or lower-growth environments, high interest rates, tightening credit markets, equity market volatility or other negative economic factors in the U.S. or other countries. For example, under these conditions or expectation of such conditions, our customers in the past have canceled orders, delayed purchasing decisions or reduced their use of our services. In addition, adverse economic conditions have in the past, and could in the future, result in higher inventory levels and the possibility of resulting excess capacity charges from our contract manufacturers if we need to slow production to reduce inventory levels. Further, in the event of a recession or threat of a recession our contract manufacturers, suppliers and other third-party partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges and as a result they may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet our customer demands or collect revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Similarly, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our contract manufacturers, customers, suppliers and creditors and could cause us to not be able to continue to access preferred sources of liquidity when we would like, and our borrowing costs could increase. Thus, if economic conditions deteriorate or experience a sustained period of weakness or slower growth, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Our ability to sell our products to a significant customer has been restricted. In August 2020, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (“BIS”) issued final rules that further restricted access by Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, “Huawei”) to U.S. technology, software and equipment produced domestically and abroad. The final rules prevent us from selling certain products subject to the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) to identified Huawei entities without a license issued by BIS. Further, even if we are able to obtain an export authorization to sell certain products to Huawei in the future, Huawei may not be able to source products from other suppliers due to the applicable export restrictions, which could then adversely impact Huawei’s demand for our products. All U.S. companies are dependent on the ability to obtain export authorizations to sell to Huawei. Until such export authorizations are available or the export restrictions are lifted, we are limited in our ability to sell our products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. Based on internal review conducted in 2023, we determined that our products may be “subject to the EAR” and consequently restricted for export, reexport, and transfer to Huawei. As a result, we stopped all of our product shipments to Huawei, historically our largest networking customer in China, in the beginning of calendar year 2024. We submitted voluntary self-disclosures to BIS regarding certain product shipments we made to Huawei following the adoption of the final rules. In August 2024, we received an administrative subpoena from BIS requesting the production of records in connection with our business with Huawei. We also received a related subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) that also requested information regarding our business with Huawei. We have been and will continue to cooperate with BIS and DOJ in responding to the subpoenas and their ongoing reviews. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with export controls laws and policies could have negative consequences, including significant legal costs, penalties, denial of export privileges and debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, any of which could have an adverse effect on our operations, reputation and financial condition. Under the current regulatory policy and rules, our business with Huawei is now completely restricted. In addition to being unable to supply any products to Huawei, we are also currently unable to work with Huawei on future product developments, or confer any benefit to Huawei, and expect this to continue while Huawei remains subject to the export control restrictions. This cessation of all business activities with Huawei has negatively impacted our revenue from Huawei and has negatively impacted our financial condition and results of operations. Huawei may seek to obtain similar or substitute products from our competitors that are not subject to these restrictions, or to develop similar or substitute products themselves. We cannot be certain what additional actions the U.S. government may take with respect to Huawei or other entities in China or other countries. We are unable to predict the duration and scope of the restrictions enacted in May 2019 and thereafter. Other customers, such as FiberHome Technologies Group, are also subject to export control restriction since May 2020, and BIS may continue to expand restrictions to other cutomers or otherwise restrict our ability to ship products. Any further export or trade restrictions that impede our ability to export or sell our products and services could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 15 Inflation and increased borrowing costs could impact our cash flows and profitability. Prolonged periods of inflation may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. Inflation has resulted in and may continue to result in higher interest rates and capital costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we are subject to risk from increasing market prices of certain components, supplies, and raw materials, which are incorporated into our products or used by our manufacturing partners or suppliers to manufacture our products. These components, supplies and commodities have from time-to-time become restricted, or general market factors and conditions have affected pricing of such components, supplies and raw materials (such as inflation or supply chain constraints), and future restrictions or market conditions impacting pricing may adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, higher interest rates and tightening credit markets may impact our customers and partners and their ability to purchase products or pay in a timely manner may be adversely impacted. Unstable market and economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk may have serious adverse consequences on our business and financial condition. Disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failures could adversely affect our liquidity, our business and financial condition. The failure of any bank or financial institution in which we deposit our funds or assets could reduce the amount of cash we have available for our operations or delay our ability to access such funds. Any such failure may increase the possibility of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity. The value of our investment portfolio could also be impacted if we hold debt instruments which were issued by any institutions that fail or become illiquid. Our ability to obtain raw materials for our supply chain and collections of cash from sales may be unduly impacted if any of our vendors or customers are affected by illiquidity events. Our backlog may not be an accurate indicator of our level and timing of future revenues. Our backlog may not be a reliable indicator of future operating results. Further, customer behaviors have been changing as a result of worldwide macroeconomic factors, including as a result of changes in the trade policies of the U.S. and its trading partners, such as the effects of heightened, scheduled or threatened tariffs, and which has reduced demand and may continue to reduce demand for certain of our products and services. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of these supply challenges and behavioral changes effectively, or if general macroeconomic conditions or conditions in the industries in which we operate deteriorate, our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected. We expect our gross margins and operating margins to vary over time. Our gross margins, operating margins and segment profit are expected to vary, and may be adversely affected in the future by numerous factors, including, but not limited to: • an increase or decrease in demand of our products; • changes in product mix; • increased price competition in one or more of the markets in which we compete; • modifications to our pricing strategy to gain or retain footprint in markets or with customers; • currency fluctuations that impact our costs or the cost of our products to our customers; • the impact of inflation on costs and on demand for our products; • increases in material, labor, manufacturing, logistics, warranty costs, or inventory carrying costs; • issues with manufacturing or component availability; • issues relating to the distribution of our products, quality or efficiencies; • increased costs due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to the inaccurately forecasting product demand or underutilization of manufacturing capacity; • warranty related issues; • factors beyond our control such as natural disasters, climate change, acts of war or terrorism, and public health emergencies; 16 • changing market, economic, and political conditions, including the impact of changes in the trade policies of the U.S. or its trading partners, heightened, scheduled or threatened tariffs, changes in the applicable trade restrictions, including for certain rare earth minerals, any retaliatory actions in response thereto, and other trade restrictions, regulatory restrictions on imports or exports to withdraw from or materially modify international trade agreements, or • our introduction of new products and enhancements, or entry into new markets with different pricing and cost structures. We have also seen, and may continue to see, our gross margins negatively impacted by increases in component costs, logistics costs, elevated inventory balances, and pricing pressure. Failure to sustain or improve our gross margins reduces our profitability and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Challenges relating to supply chain constraints, including semiconductor components, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Due to increased demand across a range of industries, our business and customers’ businesses have experienced and could, in the future, experience supply constraints due to both constrained manufacturing capacity, as well as component parts shortages. These supply constraints have adversely affected and could further affect availability, lead-times and cost of components, and could increase the likelihood of unexpected cancellations or delays of previously committed supply of key components. These challenges have resulted in extended lead-times to our customers or accelerated ordering for certain of our products that resulted in inventory backlog that was subsequently managed down, resulting in reduced ordering. Ordering patterns may be difficult to predict and we have experienced and may, in the future, experience negative impacts to our revenue and profitability as well as our ability to achieve our forecasts. Any disruption or delay in the production, delivery or supply of the raw materials, packaging or components used in the manufacture and delivery of our products, including delays and limits associated with heightened, scheduled or threatened tariffs affecting our components or raw materials, or limits on manufacturing availability or capacity, could delay or inhibit our ability to produce finished goods inventory. These supply chain constraints and their related challenges could result in shortages, increased material costs or use of cash, engineering design changes, and delays in new product introductions, each of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we do not anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer. If we are unable to anticipate future technological shifts, market needs, requirements or opportunities, or fail to develop and introduce new products, product enhancements, or business strategies to meet those requirements or opportunities in a timely manner or at all, it could cause us to lose customers, substantially decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our products and services, and significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if we invest in developing products for a market that does not develop, it could significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we are able to anticipate, develop, and commercially introduce new products, enhancements or business strategies, any such products, enhancements or business strategies may not achieve market acceptance. Changing technology and intense competition require us to continuously innovate while controlling product costs, and our failure to do so may result in decreased revenues and profitability. The markets in which we operate are dynamic and complex, and our success depends on our ability to deliver both our current product offerings and new products and technologies on time and at acceptable prices to our customers. The markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introdu

=== LITE_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business operations are subject to numerous risks, factors and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, which could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: Risks Related to our Business • unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions, including the impact of trade restrictions or regulations, including tariffs, duties and export controls; • our reliance on a limited number of suppliers and customers; • order cancellations, reductions or delays in delivery schedules by our customers or distributors; • failure of banking institutions and liquidity concerns at other financial institutions; • our backlog may not be an accurate indicator of our level and timing of future revenue; • our gross margins and operating margins may vary over time; • challenges relating to supply chain constraints; • changes in technology and intense competition; • our ability to sell to a significant customer; • higher tariffs and other trade restrictions between the U.S. and other countries, including China and Thailand; • headwinds caused by heightened, scheduled, or threatened tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other countries; • the impact of a widespread health crisis; • our international operations structure; • volatility and maintenance of our real property portfolio; • our ability to timely procure components needed to manufacture our products; • our ability to manufacture our products; • our ability to increase our manufacturing capacity; • our leverage in negotiations with large customers; • design and manufacturing defects or quality issues in our products; • changes in laws and the adoption and interpretation of administrative rules and regulations, including U.S. and international customs and export regulations; • our strategic transactions and implementation strategy for our acquisitions, including the Cloud Light acquisition; • restructuring and related charges; 69 • changes in spending levels, demand and customer requirements for our products; • changes in tax laws; • fluctuations in foreign currency; • our future capital requirements; • actual or perceived security or privacy breaches or incidents, as well as defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our technology and that of third-party providers; • the failure or absence of business continuity plans with respect to our global facilities and operations; • the unpredictability of our results of operations; • our ability to protect our product and proprietary rights; • factors relating to our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property rights of others; • actions taken by authorized or unauthorized resellers or distributors that adversely affect our reputation or violate import or export regulations; • litigation risks, including intellectual property litigation; • our reliance on licensed third-party technology; and • our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting Risks Related to Our Indebtedness • our ability to service our current and future debt; and • our ability to comply with the covenants under our revolving credit facility Risks Related to Human Capital • our ability to hire and retain key personnel; • the effects of immigration policy on our ability to hire and retain employees; and • employment related disputes and claims Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Compliance • our ability to obtain government authorization to export our products; and • changes in social and environmental responsibility regulations, policies and provisions, as well as government, customer, business partner, investor or other stakeholder demands Risks Related to Our Common Stock • the volatility of the trading price of our common stock; • dilution related to our convertible notes; • our intention not to pay dividends for the foreseeable future; • provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult; • exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws; • the potential impact of the hedging activity of the 2032 Capped Call Counterparties on the market price of our common stock; and 70 • counterparty risk with respect to the 2032 Capped Call Options Risks Related to Our Business Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in macroeconomics and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment. Our business and operating results depend significantly on general market and economic conditions. The current global macroeconomic environment is volatile and continues to be significantly and adversely impacted by inflation and a dynamic demand environment. Additionally, instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding inflation, trade wars, and the effects of heightened, scheduled, or proposed tariffs, banking instability, capital expenditure reductions, unemployment, stock market volatility, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the on-going Russia-Ukraine war, ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, including the recent escalation of the U.S.-Iran war, political and territorial conflicts in the Western Hemisphere, the conflict between Cambodia and Thailand, and China-Taiwan relations), economic challenges in China and the U.S., including global economic ramifications of Chinese and U.S. economic difficulties, and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. Further, conditions in the global economy have an inherent degree of uncertainty. As a result, it is difficult to estimate the level of growth or contraction of the global economy as a whole. It is even more difficult to estimate growth or contraction in various parts, sectors, and regions of the economy, including the markets in which we participate. All aspects of our forecasts depend on estimates of growth or contraction in the markets we serve. Adverse changes to and uncertainty in the global economy have affected industries in which our customers operate and have resulted in decreases in the rate of demand, consumption or use of certain of our customers’ products which, in turn, have resulted in, and may in the future result in, decreased demand for our products, revenue fluctuations, increased price competition for our products, and increased the risk of excess and obsolete inventories as well as higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. For example, customers who had built up large inventories when supply chains were tight related to the COVID-19 pandemic brought down inventories as supply constraints eased and, in some cases, these customers delayed projected shipments, which harmed our revenue and profitability. These conditions may recur in the future, and similar losses or delays may harm our results of operations. The impact of economic challenges on the global financial markets could negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our cu