=== TAP_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report and those described from time to time in our past and future reports filed with the SEC. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Market and Industry Data The market and industry data used in this report are based on independent industry publications, customers, trade or business organizations, reports by market research firms and other published statistical information from third parties (collectively, the Third-Party Information ), as well as information based on management s good faith estimates, which we derive from our review of internal information and independent sources. Such Third-Party Information generally states that the information contained therein or provided by such sources has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Risks Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The summary should be read together with the more detailed description of each risk factor described in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. constant evolution of the global beer industry and the broader alcohol industry and our position within the global beer industry and success of our products in our markets; restructuring activities; competition in our markets; our ability to successfully and timely premiumize our portfolio and innovate beyond beer; changes in the social acceptability, perceptions and the political view of the beverage categories in which we operate, including alcohol; weak, or weakening of, economic, social or other conditions in the markets in which we do business, including cost inflation, tariffs and reductions in discretionary consumer spending; our dependence on the global supply chain and significant exposure to changes in commodity and other input prices and the impacts of supply chain constraints and disruptions and inflationary pressures, including tariffs; our reliance on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property; 3 Table o f Contents climate change, sustainability, human rights, human capital and regulations; cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems and violations of data privacy laws and regulations; the integration and use of artificial intelligence and similar technology; our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions; labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues; our dependence on key personnel, including managing our Chief Executive Officer transition; loss, operational disruptions or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, including those of our suppliers, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise; potential adverse impacts of climate change and other weather events; inadequate supply or availability of quality water; investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting related pension plan costs and contributions; complications with the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system; our debt level risks and operating covenants and restrictions; deterioration in our credit rating; default by, or failure of, our counterparty financial institutions; impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets; the estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate; our reliance on a small number of suppliers to obtain the input materials we need to operate our business; termination or changes of one or more manufacturer, distribution or production agreements, or issues caused by our dependence on the parties to these agreements; changes in environmental, trade or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations; changes in tax laws, regulations or tax rates; unfavorable outcomes of legal or regulatory matters; our operations in developing and emerging markets; changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products; our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; risks associated with operating our joint ventures or other strategic partnerships; failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic partnerships into our existing operations; the dependence of our U.S. business on independent distributors to sell our products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell our products and distributor consolidation in the U.S.; government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations on our Canada business; indemnities provided to the purchaser of our previous interest in the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. business in Brazil; economic trends and intense competition in European markets; shareholder activism efforts or unsolicited offers from a third-party; 4 Table o f Contents the interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders; and the potential for Pentland and the Coors Trust to disagree on a matter submitted to our stockholders or the super-majority of the Board of Directors to disagree on certain actions. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Unless otherwise noted in this report, any description of "we," "us" or "our" includes Molson Coors Beverage Company ("MCBC" or the "Company"), principally a holding company, and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within its reporting segments. Our reporting segments include the Americas and EMEA APAC. Unless otherwise indicated, information in this report is presented in USD and comparisons are to comparable prior periods. Our primary operating currencies, other than the USD, include the CAD, the GBP and our Central European operating currencies, such as the EUR, CZK, RON and RSD. Business and Market Overview Our History For more than two centuries, we have brewed beverages that unite people to celebrate all life s moments. From our core power brands, Coors Light, Miller Lite, Coors Banquet, Molson Canadian, Carling and O ujsko, to our above premium brands, including Madr Excepcional, Staropramen, Blue Moon Belgian White and Leinenkugel s Summer Shandy , to our value brands, like Miller High Life and Keystone Light , we produce many beloved and iconic beers. While our Company's history is rooted in beer, we offer a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle as well, including flavored beverages like Vizzy Hard Seltzer , spirits and non-alcoholic beverages. We also have partner brands, such as Simply Spiked , ZOA Energy , Fever-Tree, among others, through license, distribution, partnership and joint venture agreements. As a business, our ambition is to be the first choice for our people, our consumers and our customers, and our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions. Our primary founders, the Molson, Coors and Miller families date back over two centuries. Our commitment to producing the highest quality beers is a key part of our heritage and remains so to this day. Our brands are designed to appeal to a wide range of consumer tastes, styles and price preferences. Coors Brewing Company was incorporated in June 1913 under the laws of the state of Colorado. In October 2003, Coors Brewing Company merged with and into Adolph Coors Company, a Delaware corporation. In February 2005, Adolph Coors Company merged with Molson Inc. ("the Merger"). Upon completion of the Merger, Adolph Coors Company changed its name to Molson Coors Brewing Company. In 2008, Molson Coors Brewing Company and the former SABMiller plc formed the MillerCoors joint venture that combined their respective operations in the U.S. and Puerto Rico with Molson Coors Brewing Company maintaining a 42% share in the joint venture. In 2016, we acquired 100% of the outstanding equity and voting interests of MillerCoors, from SABMiller plc. In January 2020, we changed our name from Molson Coors Brewing Company to Molson Coors Beverage Company in connection with our expansion beyond the beer aisle. Our Industry and Our Competitors The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years to become an increasingly global and complex market as the consolidation of brewers globally has resulted in a small number of large global brewers representing the majority of the worldwide beer market. Although we believe consolidation among current major brewers has largely concluded, the current landscape primarily features smaller-scale acquisitions including exports, licensing and partnership arrangements. These activities continue to occur predominantly among the same global competitors that represent the majority of the market. While the majority of the market is represented by a small number of large global brewers, smaller local brewers continue to inhabit the market as consumers place value on locally-produced, regionally-sourced products. 5 Table o f Contents The brewing industry is highly competitive and our portfolio of beers competes with numerous brands in all segments which are produced by international, national, regional and local brewers. Competitive factors impacting our business include, but are not limited to, brand recognition and loyalty, pricing, quality, advertising, marketing and promotional activity, packaging, product variety, and the ability to anticipate and respond to consumer tastes and preferences. We believe our brand portfolio gives us strong representation in all major beer categories. We are among the top five global brewers in the world. In the U.S. and Canada, we compete most directly with Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ("ABI") and Constellation Brands, Inc., but we also compete with imports and other providers of craft beer and flavored malt beverages. In the European countries where we currently operate, our primary competitors are Heineken, Asahi, Carlsberg and ABI. Globally, our products also compete with other alcohol beverage categories, including wine, spirits as well as wine-based and spirits-based RTDs. Our products' competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these other categories. Shifts between these beverage categories have resulted in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcohol beverage market over the last decade. Our Strategy Consumer preferences have continued to shift within the industry to above premium products, with volume growth in recent years seen in flavored malt beverages, imports and super premium portfolios. Further, consumers are expanding into spirits, particularly to spirits-based RTDs. As the beer industry continues its diversification of its products to meet consumer demand with broadening preferences, we believe large global brewers are uniquely positioned to leverage the scale, depth of product portfolio and industry knowledge to continue to lead the market forward. Since 2019, we have made progress on our transformation journey to become a total beverage company, but given the fast-paced and evolving industry, we are focused on transforming even faster. Under the leadership of our new Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), effective October 1, 2025, we are continuing our journey to become a total beverage company and putting ourselves on a path to sustainable growth. We announced an Americas Restructuring Plan aimed at putting the right level of resources closer to our consumers and customers as we pursue a return to growth, both concentrating on all segments of our beer portfolio and expanding into adjacent categories, such as premium mixers, non-alcohol beverages and energy drinks. We aim to champion beer at every turn while building a portfolio that reflects evolving preferences. Our investments in technology, capabilities, partnerships and innovation are designed to support profitable growth and diversification, positioning our company for success today and in the future. Our Segments Our reporting segments include the Americas and EMEA APAC. A separate operating team manages each segment and each segment manufactures, markets, distributes and sells beer as well as offers a modern and growing portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle. Americas Segment Our Americas segment consists of the production, importing, marketing, distribution and sales of our owned brands, partner brands and licensed brands in the U.S., Canada and various countries in Latin America. We currently operate nine primary breweries, three craft breweries and two container operations. The Americas segment also includes partnership arrangements with Brewers' Retail Inc. ("BRI") for the distribution of beer in Ontario, Canada, and Brewers' Distributor Ltd. ("BDL") for the distribution of beer in the western provinces of Canada. In addition, we have an agreement with Heineken that grants us the right to produce, import, market, distribute and sell certain Heineken products in Canada. We have authorizations from Red Tree Beverages, LLC that grant us the right to produce, market, advertise, promote, sell and distribute products bearing the Simply Spiked trademark in the U.S. and Canada, as well as the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer trademark in the U.S. In addition, we have agreements to brew, package and ship products for The Yuengling Company ("TYC") in the U.S. and we have a license agreement to import, produce, market, advertise, promote, sell and distribute Fever-Tree products in the U.S. EMEA APAC Segment Our EMEA APAC segment consists of the production, marketing and sales of our owned brands, partner brands and licensed brands in Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Montenegro, the Republic of Ireland, Romania, Serbia, the U.K., various other European countries and certain countries within the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific regions. We currently operate ten primary breweries, three craft breweries and one cidery. The majority of our EMEA APAC segment sales are in the U.K., Croatia, Romania and the Czech Republic, with the U.K. representing over 55% of the segment's net sales in 2025. 6 Table o f Contents Our EMEA APAC segment includes the sale of factored brands in the U.K. which occurs when we distribute beer, wine, spirits and other products owned and produced by other companies to the on-premise channel, such as bars and restaurants. Sales from factored brands are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold. Unallocated We also have certain activity that is not allocated to our segments, which is reflected in "Unallocated". Specifically, Unallocated primarily includes certain financing-related activities such as interest expense and interest income, as well as foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances. Unallocated activity also includes the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships recorded within cost of goods sold, which are later reclassified when realized to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides. Additionally, only the service cost component of net periodic pension and OPEB cost is reported within each operating segment. Meanwhile, all other components remain in Unallocated. Business Seasonality Total industry volume is sensitive to factors such as weather, holidays and certain occasions including major broadcasted or streamed sporting events. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm and dry weather favor increased consumption of our products, while unseasonably cool or wet weather, especially during the summer months, adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Consumption of beer is seasonal with approximately 40% of financial volume occurring during the months of May through August in both the Americas and EMEA APAC segments. Regulation Our business is subject to various laws and regulations in the jurisdictions around the world in which we operate. These regulations govern many parts of our operations, including distributor relationships, sales, brewing and transportation, marketing and advertising and environmental issues. Specifically, excise taxes remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed taxes on alcohol products which are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of sales. The U.S. beer business is regulated by federal, state and local governments that regulate the production, marketing, distribution and selling of beer and other alcoholic beverages. To operate our facilities, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits, licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, state alcohol regulatory agencies and state and federal environmental agencies. U.S. governmental entities including state and local jurisdictions also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In 2025, our U.S. excise taxes totaled approximately $15 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. In Canada, provincial governments regulate the production, marketing, distribution, selling and pricing of beer and other alcoholic beverages produced or imported into Canada (including the establishment of minimum prices), and impose commodity taxes, mark-ups and license fees in relation to its production, distribution and sale. In addition, the Canadian federal government regulates the advertising, labeling, quality control and international trade of beer, and also imposes commodity taxes on both domestically produced and imported beer. Further, certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government, provincial governments and certain foreign governments, especially within the U.S., affect the Canadian beer industry. In 2025, our Canadian excise taxes totaled approximately $56 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. In our EMEA APAC segment, most countries where we carry out significant brewing or distribution activities are either a member of the European Union ("EU") or a current candidate to join the EU, with the exception of the U.K. As such, there are similarities in the regulations that apply to many parts of our EMEA APAC segment's operations and products, including brewing, food safety, labeling and packaging, marketing and advertising, environmental, health and safety, employment, data protection and regulations. In the U.K., although the regulatory framework for these areas broadly aligns with the EU, there are some differences due to the U.K.'s departure from the EU ("Brexit"), particularly in areas such as labeling, marketing, and data protection standards. To operate breweries and conduct our business in these countries, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits and licenses from various governmental agencies. All of the government(s) of each country in which we sell our products in the EMEA APAC segment levy excise taxes on alcohol beverages. All countries which are members of the EU apply laws on excise taxes that are consistent with EU legislative acts, also known as EU Directives, and use measurements based on either alcohol by volume or Plato degrees. In contrast, the U.K. has established its own excise duty system post-Brexit, which includes specific rates and requirements. Non-EU countries use various taxation methods, including a flat excise rate per volume or methods similar to those used in the EU. In 2025, the excise taxes for our EMEA APAC segment were approximately $45 per hectoliter on a reported basis. 7 Table o f Contents Products and Operations Our Products We craft and distribute high-quality, innovative beer and other beverages with the purpose of uniting people to celebrate all life's moments. We have a diverse portfolio of beloved and iconic owned and partner brands. In addition to offering beers in various price segments, we offer products in various categories like flavored beverages (which includes hard seltzers), craft, spirits and non-alcoholic beverages including premium mixers and energy drinks. We categorize our brands globally for consistency of reporting based on the following price segments: Above Premium, Premium and Value. For example, our Above Premium classification includes brands that are sold at a price point higher than the market average. Price segment classifications may vary between the Americas and EMEA APAC segments and the naming conventions and classifications may be different in the various countries that we operate based on local terminology. For example, in our EMEA APAC segment, brands categorized in the Premium classification such as Carling would be described as core brands in the local market. The following presents the primary brands sold: Above Premium - Arnold Palmer Spiked*, Aspall Cider, Beck's*, Blue Moon, Blue Run Spirits*, Cobra, Corona Extra*, Coors Original, Fever-Tree*, Heineken*, Hidra*, Leinenkugel's brands , Madr Excepcional, Miller Genuine Draft, Molson Ultra , Peroni Nastro Azurro*, Pilsner Urquell*, Redd's brands*, Rekorderlig*, Sharp's, Simply Spiked*, Staropramen, Stella Artois*, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer*, Vizzy Hard Seltzer, ZOA Energy* Premium - Bergenbier, Borsodi, Burgasko, Carling, Coors Banquet, Coors Light, Jelen, Miller Lite, Molson Canadian brands , Niksicko, O ujsko Value - Branik, Icehouse, Keystone, Lowenbrau*, Miller High Life, Milwaukee's Best, Steel Reserve * Represents various partner brand agreements with third parties, such as license, distribution, partnership and joint venture agreements. These agreements may only reside in certain geographies and not all markets globally. Sales and Distribution Our go to market strategy differs between geographic regions due to the differences in regulations among those areas. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023. In the U.S., beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. A national network of independent distributors and one Company-owned distributor, Coors Distributing Company, purchases our products and distributes them to on- and off-premise retail accounts. Coors Distributing Company distributed approximately 5% of our total owned and non-owned Americas segment net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Transportation of our products to distributors in the U.S. is primarily contracted through third-party logistics providers and shipped by truckload. Transportation costs for shipping product throughout our network is performed through contracted freight carriers or, if needed, through the spot bidding freight market. In the Americas, we have taken steps to diversify transportation modes to reduce the impact of truck market volatility including shipping via railcar and intermodal shipping containers. In Canada, because provincial governments regulate the beer industry and provincial liquor boards control the distribution and retail sale of alcohol products, distribution strategies and transportation of products vary by province. In 2024, Ontario experienced an expansion of the retail sale of alcoholic beverages to eligible convenience, grocery and big-box grocery stores in addition to the previously allowed outlets. In Qu bec, beer is distributed to retail outlets directly by each brewer or through approved independent agents. Retail sales for off-premise consumption are made through grocery and convenience stores, as well as government operated outlets operated by the Soci t des Alcools du Qu bec, a government corporation in Qu bec. BDL manages the distribution of our products throughout British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. In Latin America, we use a combination of export models and license agreements to sell Blue Moon, Coors Light, Miller Genuine Draft, Miller High Life, Miller Lite and other brands. In our export model markets, we export beer from the U.S. and sell it through agreements with independent distributors. In license markets, we have established exclusive licensing agreements with brewers and distributors for the manufacturing and distribution of our products. In certain of our markets, we rely on a combination of these agreements. 8 Table o f Contents In the European countries in which we operate, beer is generally distributed through either a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers, or a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. Distribution activities for both the on- and off-premise channels are conducted primarily by third-party logistics providers. Most of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. To facilitate this, we have agreements with DHL Supply Chain Limited to provide the distribution of our products throughout the U.K. We utilize several hundred third-party logistics providers across our Central European operations. We also conduct a small amount of secondary distribution in several Central European countries utilizing our own fleet of vehicles. It is also common in the U.K. for brewers to distribute beer, wine, spirits and other products owned and produced by other companies, which we refer to as factored brands, to the on-premise channel. Approximately 20% of our EMEA APAC segment net sales in 2025 represented factored brands. In addition, we have an agreement with Heineken whereby they sell, market and distribute Coors, Carling, Madr Excepcional and other brands in the Republic of Ireland, as well as agreements with ABI to brew and distribute Beck's , Stella Artois and Lowenbrau, and to distribute Hoegaarden , Leffe and Corona in Central Europe. Our operations in Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific include markets such as Australia, South Africa and South Korea, with the sale and distribution completed under local license agreements, through the export of our brands from our sites or contract manufacturing with sale through local distributors. Channels References to on- and off-premise sales volumes are sales to retailers, which we believe is a useful data point relative to consumer trends. The on-premise channel includes sales to bars, pubs and restaurants while the off-premise channel includes sales to convenience stores, grocery stores, liquor stores and other retail outlets. Industry channel trends vary by segment. On-premise volume as a percentage of total volume was approximately 16% in the U.S. and Canada and approximately 60% in the U.K., the largest region in our EMEA APAC segment. Brewing Raw Materials We use high-quality ingredients to brew our products, including hops, barley and water, among others. Hops Hops used in our brewing process are purchased under various contracts from suppliers in the U.S. and Europe. In Europe, hops are primarily sourced from Germany, the U.K., Czech Republic and Slovenia. The contracts with our suppliers vary in length based on market conditions but are typically multi-year agreements. Barley In the Americas segment, we malt this barley for a majority of our production requirements at our Golden, Colorado facility. Barley is purchased primarily under annual contracts with independent farmers located predominately in the western U.S. and Canadian Prairies. To meet full requirements, we also source malted barley from other commercial providers, with committed supply through 2026. In EMEA APAC, our malted barley requirements are sourced from third-party suppliers who are primarily based in Europe. We have multiple agreements with various suppliers that cover nearly all of our malted barley needs, with terms through 2030. Water We both own and lease water rights as well as purchase water through local municipalities and communities to sustain our brewing operations in the U.S. and Canada. In EMEA APAC, water used in the brewing process is sourced through water rights for water wells, river water use or supply contracts with water suppliers. Other In the Americas, other brewing adjuncts and other malt and cereal grains are purchased primarily from suppliers in the U.S. and Canada. In EMEA APAC, adjuncts are purchased under crop-year contracts typically commencing in October each year from local producers. In addition, we continue to make investments to improve the sustainability and resources of our agricultural supply chain, including the development of our initiative to advance sustainable farming practices by our suppliers. We do not currently anticipate significant future difficulties in accessing water or agricultural products used in our brewing process in the near term. 9 Table o f Contents Packaging Materials Our primary packaging materials include aluminum, glass bottles, reusable kegs and casks and recyclable plastic containers. In the Americas segment, a portion of our aluminum cans and ends are purchased from Rocky Mountain Metal Container ("RMMC"), our joint venture with Ball Corporation, whose production facilities, which are leased from us, are located near our brewery in Golden, Colorado. We have supply agreements with Ball Corporation and other vendors to purchase aluminum containers and ends in addition to what is supplied from RMMC. In the Americas segment, a portion of our glass bottles are purchased from Rocky Mountain Bottle Company ("RMBC"), our joint venture with Owens-Brockwa