=== TAP_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report and those described from time to time in our past and future reports filed with the SEC. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Market and Industry Data The market and industry data used in this report are based on independent industry publications, customers, trade or business organizations, reports by market research firms and other published statistical information from third parties (collectively, the Third-Party Information ), as well as information based on management s good faith estimates, which we derive from our review of internal information and independent sources. Such Third-Party Information generally states that the information contained therein or provided by such sources has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Risks Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The summary should be read together with the more detailed description of each risk factor described in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. constant evolution of the global beer industry and the broader alcohol industry and our position within the global beer industry and success of our products in our markets; restructuring activities; competition in our markets; our ability to successfully and timely premiumize our portfolio and innovate beyond beer; changes in the social acceptability, perceptions and the political view of the beverage categories in which we operate, including alcohol; weak, or weakening of, economic, social or other conditions in the markets in which we do business, including cost inflation, tariffs and reductions in discretionary consumer spending; our dependence on the global supply chain and significant exposure to changes in commodity and other input prices and the impacts of supply chain constraints and disruptions and inflationary pressures, including tariffs; our reliance on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property; 3 Table o f Contents climate change, sustainability, human rights, human capital and regulations; cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems and violations of data privacy laws and regulations; the integration and use of artificial intelligence and similar technology; our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions; labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues; our dependence on key personnel, including managing our Chief Executive Officer transition; loss, operational disruptions or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, including those of our suppliers, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise; potential adverse impacts of climate change and other weather events; inadequate supply or availability of quality water; investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting related pension plan costs and contributions; complications with the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system; our debt level risks and operating covenants and restrictions; deterioration in our credit rating; default by, or failure of, our counterparty financial institutions; impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets; the estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate; our reliance on a small number of suppliers to obtain the input materials we need to operate our business; termination or changes of one or more manufacturer, distribution or production agreements, or issues caused by our dependence on the parties to these agreements; changes in environmental, trade or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations; changes in tax laws, regulations or tax rates; unfavorable outcomes of legal or regulatory matters; our operations in developing and emerging markets; changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products; our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; risks associated with operating our joint ventures or other strategic partnerships; failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic partnerships into our existing operations; the dependence of our U.S. business on independent distributors to sell our products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell our products and distributor consolidation in the U.S.; government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations on our Canada business; indemnities provided to the purchaser of our previous interest in the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. business in Brazil; economic trends and intense competition in European markets; shareholder activism efforts or unsolicited offers from a third-party; 4 Table o f Contents the interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders; and the potential for Pentland and the Coors Trust to disagree on a matter submitted to our stockholders or the super-majority of the Board of Directors to disagree on certain actions. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Unless otherwise noted in this report, any description of "we," "us" or "our" includes Molson Coors Beverage Company ("MCBC" or the "Company"), principally a holding company, and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within its reporting segments. Our reporting segments include the Americas and EMEA APAC. Unless otherwise indicated, information in this report is presented in USD and comparisons are to comparable prior periods. Our primary operating currencies, other than the USD, include the CAD, the GBP and our Central European operating currencies, such as the EUR, CZK, RON and RSD. Business and Market Overview Our History For more than two centuries, we have brewed beverages that unite people to celebrate all life s moments. From our core power brands, Coors Light, Miller Lite, Coors Banquet, Molson Canadian, Carling and O ujsko, to our above premium brands, including Madr Excepcional, Staropramen, Blue Moon Belgian White and Leinenkugel s Summer Shandy , to our value brands, like Miller High Life and Keystone Light , we produce many beloved and iconic beers. While our Company's history is rooted in beer, we offer a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle as well, including flavored beverages like Vizzy Hard Seltzer , spirits and non-alcoholic beverages. We also have partner brands, such as Simply Spiked , ZOA Energy , Fever-Tree, among others, through license, distribution, partnership and joint venture agreements. As a business, our ambition is to be the first choice for our people, our consumers and our customers, and our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions. Our primary founders, the Molson, Coors and Miller families date back over two centuries. Our commitment to producing the highest quality beers is a key part of our heritage and remains so to this day. Our brands are designed to appeal to a wide range of consumer tastes, styles and price preferences. Coors Brewing Company was incorporated in June 1913 under the laws of the state of Colorado. In October 2003, Coors Brewing Company merged with and into Adolph Coors Company, a Delaware corporation. In February 2005, Adolph Coors Company merged with Molson Inc. ("the Merger"). Upon completion of the Merger, Adolph Coors Company changed its name to Molson Coors Brewing Company. In 2008, Molson Coors Brewing Company and the former SABMiller plc formed the MillerCoors joint venture that combined their respective operations in the U.S. and Puerto Rico with Molson Coors Brewing Company maintaining a 42% share in the joint venture. In 2016, we acquired 100% of the outstanding equity and voting interests of MillerCoors, from SABMiller plc. In January 2020, we changed our name from Molson Coors Brewing Company to Molson Coors Beverage Company in connection with our expansion beyond the beer aisle. Our Industry and Our Competitors The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years to become an increasingly global and complex market as the consolidation of brewers globally has resulted in a small number of large global brewers representing the majority of the worldwide beer market. Although we believe consolidation among current major brewers has largely concluded, the current landscape primarily features smaller-scale acquisitions including exports, licensing and partnership arrangements. These activities continue to occur predominantly among the same global competitors that represent the majority of the market. While the majority of the market is represented by a small number of large global brewers, smaller local brewers continue to inhabit the market as consumers place value on locally-produced, regionally-sourced products. 5 Table o f Contents The brewing industry is highly competitive and our portfolio of beers competes with numerous brands in all segments which are produced by international, national, regional and local brewers. Competitive factors impacting our business include, but are not limited to, brand recognition and loyalty, pricing, quality, advertising, marketing and promotional activity, packaging, product variety, and the ability to anticipate and respond to consumer tastes and preferences. We believe our brand portfolio gives us strong representation in all major beer categories. We are among the top five global brewers in the world. In the U.S. and Canada, we compete most directly with Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ("ABI") and Constellation Brands, Inc., but we also compete with imports and other providers of craft beer and flavored malt beverages. In the European countries where we currently operate, our primary competitors are Heineken, Asahi, Carlsberg and ABI. Globally, our products also compete with other alcohol beverage categories, including wine, spirits as well as wine-based and spirits-based RTDs. Our products' competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these other categories. Shifts between these beverage categories have resulted in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcohol beverage market over the last decade. Our Strategy Consumer preferences have continued to shift within the industry to above premium products, with volume growth in recent years seen in flavored malt beverages, imports and super premium portfolios. Further, consumers are expanding into spirits, particularly to spirits-based RTDs. As the beer industry continues its diversification of its products to meet consumer demand with broadening preferences, we believe large global brewers are uniquely positioned to leverage the scale, depth of product portfolio and industry knowledge to continue to lead the market forward. Since 2019, we have made progress on our transformation journey to become a total beverage company, but given the fast-paced and evolving industry, we are focused on transforming even faster. Under the leadership of our new Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), effective October 1, 2025, we are continuing our journey to become a total beverage company and putting ourselves on a path to sustainable growth. We announced an Americas Restructuring Plan aimed at putting the right level of resources closer to our consumers and customers as we pursue a return to growth, both concentrating on all segments of our beer portfolio and expanding into adjacent categories, such as premium mixers, non-alcohol beverages and energy drinks. We aim to champion beer at every turn while building a portfolio that reflects evolving preferences. Our investments in technology, capabilities, partnerships and innovation are designed to support profitable growth and diversification, positioning our company for success today and in the future. Our Segments Our reporting segments include the Americas and EMEA APAC. A separate operating team manages each segment and each segment manufactures, markets, distributes and sells beer as well as offers a modern and growing portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle. Americas Segment Our Americas segment consists of the production, importing, marketing, distribution and sales of our owned brands, partner brands and licensed brands in the U.S., Canada and various countries in Latin America. We currently operate nine primary breweries, three craft breweries and two container operations. The Americas segment also includes partnership arrangements with Brewers' Retail Inc. ("BRI") for the distribution of beer in Ontario, Canada, and Brewers' Distributor Ltd. ("BDL") for the distribution of beer in the western provinces of Canada. In addition, we have an agreement with Heineken that grants us the right to produce, import, market, distribute and sell certain Heineken products in Canada. We have authorizations from Red Tree Beverages, LLC that grant us the right to produce, market, advertise, promote, sell and distribute products bearing the Simply Spiked trademark in the U.S. and Canada, as well as the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer trademark in the U.S. In addition, we have agreements to brew, package and ship products for The Yuengling Company ("TYC") in the U.S. and we have a license agreement to import, produce, market, advertise, promote, sell and distribute Fever-Tree products in the U.S. EMEA APAC Segment Our EMEA APAC segment consists of the production, marketing and sales of our owned brands, partner brands and licensed brands in Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Montenegro, the Republic of Ireland, Romania, Serbia, the U.K., various other European countries and certain countries within the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific regions. We currently operate ten primary breweries, three craft breweries and one cidery. The majority of our EMEA APAC segment sales are in the U.K., Croatia, Romania and the Czech Republic, with the U.K. representing over 55% of the segment's net sales in 2025. 6 Table o f Contents Our EMEA APAC segment includes the sale of factored brands in the U.K. which occurs when we distribute beer, wine, spirits and other products owned and produced by other companies to the on-premise channel, such as bars and restaurants. Sales from factored brands are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold. Unallocated We also have certain activity that is not allocated to our segments, which is reflected in "Unallocated". Specifically, Unallocated primarily includes certain financing-related activities such as interest expense and interest income, as well as foreign exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances. Unallocated activity also includes the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships recorded within cost of goods sold, which are later reclassified when realized to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides. Additionally, only the service cost component of net periodic pension and OPEB cost is reported within each operating segment. Meanwhile, all other components remain in Unallocated. Business Seasonality Total industry volume is sensitive to factors such as weather, holidays and certain occasions including major broadcasted or streamed sporting events. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm and dry weather favor increased consumption of our products, while unseasonably cool or wet weather, especially during the summer months, adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Consumption of beer is seasonal with approximately 40% of financial volume occurring during the months of May through August in both the Americas and EMEA APAC segments. Regulation Our business is subject to various laws and regulations in the jurisdictions around the world in which we operate. These regulations govern many parts of our operations, including distributor relationships, sales, brewing and transportation, marketing and advertising and environmental issues. Specifically, excise taxes remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed taxes on alcohol products which are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of sales. The U.S. beer business is regulated by federal, state and local governments that regulate the production, marketing, distribution and selling of beer and other alcoholic beverages. To operate our facilities, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits, licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, state alcohol regulatory agencies and state and federal environmental agencies. U.S. governmental entities including state and local jurisdictions also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In 2025, our U.S. excise taxes totaled approximately $15 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. In Canada, provincial governments regulate the production, marketing, distribution, selling and pricing of beer and other alcoholic beverages produced or imported into Canada (including the establishment of minimum prices), and impose commodity taxes, mark-ups and license fees in relation to its production, distribution and sale. In addition, the Canadian federal government regulates the advertising, labeling, quality control and international trade of beer, and also imposes commodity taxes on both domestically produced and imported beer. Further, certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government, provincial governments and certain foreign governments, especially within the U.S., affect the Canadian beer industry. In 2025, our Canadian excise taxes totaled approximately $56 per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. In our EMEA APAC segment, most countries where we carry out significant brewing or distribution activities are either a member of the European Union ("EU") or a current candidate to join the EU, with the exception of the U.K. As such, there are similarities in the regulations that apply to many parts of our EMEA APAC segment's operations and products, including brewing, food safety, labeling and packaging, marketing and advertising, environmental, health and safety, employment, data protection and regulations. In the U.K., although the regulatory framework for these areas broadly aligns with the EU, there are some differences due to the U.K.'s departure from the EU ("Brexit"), particularly in areas such as labeling, marketing, and data protection standards. To operate breweries and conduct our business in these countries, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits and licenses from various governmental agencies. All of the government(s) of each country in which we sell our products in the EMEA APAC segment levy excise taxes on alcohol beverages. All countries which are members of the EU apply laws on excise taxes that are consistent with EU legislative acts, also known as EU Directives, and use measurements based on either alcohol by volume or Plato degrees. In contrast, the U.K. has established its own excise duty system post-Brexit, which includes specific rates and requirements. Non-EU countries use various taxation methods, including a flat excise rate per volume or methods similar to those used in the EU. In 2025, the excise taxes for our EMEA APAC segment were approximately $45 per hectoliter on a reported basis. 7 Table o f Contents Products and Operations Our Products We craft and distribute high-quality, innovative beer and other beverages with the purpose of uniting people to celebrate all life's moments. We have a diverse portfolio of beloved and iconic owned and partner brands. In addition to offering beers in various price segments, we offer products in various categories like flavored beverages (which includes hard seltzers), craft, spirits and non-alcoholic beverages including premium mixers and energy drinks. We categorize our brands globally for consistency of reporting based on the following price segments: Above Premium, Premium and Value. For example, our Above Premium classification includes brands that are sold at a price point higher than the market average. Price segment classifications may vary between the Americas and EMEA APAC segments and the naming conventions and classifications may be different in the various countries that we operate based on local terminology. For example, in our EMEA APAC segment, brands categorized in the Premium classification such as Carling would be described as core brands in the local market. The following presents the primary brands sold: Above Premium - Arnold Palmer Spiked*, Aspall Cider, Beck's*, Blue Moon, Blue Run Spirits*, Cobra, Corona Extra*, Coors Original, Fever-Tree*, Heineken*, Hidra*, Leinenkugel's brands , Madr Excepcional, Miller Genuine Draft, Molson Ultra , Peroni Nastro Azurro*, Pilsner Urquell*, Redd's brands*, Rekorderlig*, Sharp's, Simply Spiked*, Staropramen, Stella Artois*, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer*, Vizzy Hard Seltzer, ZOA Energy* Premium - Bergenbier, Borsodi, Burgasko, Carling, Coors Banquet, Coors Light, Jelen, Miller Lite, Molson Canadian brands , Niksicko, O ujsko Value - Branik, Icehouse, Keystone, Lowenbrau*, Miller High Life, Milwaukee's Best, Steel Reserve * Represents various partner brand agreements with third parties, such as license, distribution, partnership and joint venture agreements. These agreements may only reside in certain geographies and not all markets globally. Sales and Distribution Our go to market strategy differs between geographic regions due to the differences in regulations among those areas. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023. In the U.S., beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. A national network of independent distributors and one Company-owned distributor, Coors Distributing Company, purchases our products and distributes them to on- and off-premise retail accounts. Coors Distributing Company distributed approximately 5% of our total owned and non-owned Americas segment net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Transportation of our products to distributors in the U.S. is primarily contracted through third-party logistics providers and shipped by truckload. Transportation costs for shipping product throughout our network is performed through contracted freight carriers or, if needed, through the spot bidding freight market. In the Americas, we have taken steps to diversify transportation modes to reduce the impact of truck market volatility including shipping via railcar and intermodal shipping containers. In Canada, because provincial governments regulate the beer industry and provincial liquor boards control the distribution and retail sale of alcohol products, distribution strategies and transportation of products vary by province. In 2024, Ontario experienced an expansion of the retail sale of alcoholic beverages to eligible convenience, grocery and big-box grocery stores in addition to the previously allowed outlets. In Qu bec, beer is distributed to retail outlets directly by each brewer or through approved independent agents. Retail sales for off-premise consumption are made through grocery and convenience stores, as well as government operated outlets operated by the Soci t des Alcools du Qu bec, a government corporation in Qu bec. BDL manages the distribution of our products throughout British Columbia, Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. In Latin America, we use a combination of export models and license agreements to sell Blue Moon, Coors Light, Miller Genuine Draft, Miller High Life, Miller Lite and other brands. In our export model markets, we export beer from the U.S. and sell it through agreements with independent distributors. In license markets, we have established exclusive licensing agreements with brewers and distributors for the manufacturing and distribution of our products. In certain of our markets, we rely on a combination of these agreements. 8 Table o f Contents In the European countries in which we operate, beer is generally distributed through either a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers, or a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. Distribution activities for both the on- and off-premise channels are conducted primarily by third-party logistics providers. Most of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. To facilitate this, we have agreements with DHL Supply Chain Limited to provide the distribution of our products throughout the U.K. We utilize several hundred third-party logistics providers across our Central European operations. We also conduct a small amount of secondary distribution in several Central European countries utilizing our own fleet of vehicles. It is also common in the U.K. for brewers to distribute beer, wine, spirits and other products owned and produced by other companies, which we refer to as factored brands, to the on-premise channel. Approximately 20% of our EMEA APAC segment net sales in 2025 represented factored brands. In addition, we have an agreement with Heineken whereby they sell, market and distribute Coors, Carling, Madr Excepcional and other brands in the Republic of Ireland, as well as agreements with ABI to brew and distribute Beck's , Stella Artois and Lowenbrau, and to distribute Hoegaarden , Leffe and Corona in Central Europe. Our operations in Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific include markets such as Australia, South Africa and South Korea, with the sale and distribution completed under local license agreements, through the export of our brands from our sites or contract manufacturing with sale through local distributors. Channels References to on- and off-premise sales volumes are sales to retailers, which we believe is a useful data point relative to consumer trends. The on-premise channel includes sales to bars, pubs and restaurants while the off-premise channel includes sales to convenience stores, grocery stores, liquor stores and other retail outlets. Industry channel trends vary by segment. On-premise volume as a percentage of total volume was approximately 16% in the U.S. and Canada and approximately 60% in the U.K., the largest region in our EMEA APAC segment. Brewing Raw Materials We use high-quality ingredients to brew our products, including hops, barley and water, among others. Hops Hops used in our brewing process are purchased under various contracts from suppliers in the U.S. and Europe. In Europe, hops are primarily sourced from Germany, the U.K., Czech Republic and Slovenia. The contracts with our suppliers vary in length based on market conditions but are typically multi-year agreements. Barley In the Americas segment, we malt this barley for a majority of our production requirements at our Golden, Colorado facility. Barley is purchased primarily under annual contracts with independent farmers located predominately in the western U.S. and Canadian Prairies. To meet full requirements, we also source malted barley from other commercial providers, with committed supply through 2026. In EMEA APAC, our malted barley requirements are sourced from third-party suppliers who are primarily based in Europe. We have multiple agreements with various suppliers that cover nearly all of our malted barley needs, with terms through 2030. Water We both own and lease water rights as well as purchase water through local municipalities and communities to sustain our brewing operations in the U.S. and Canada. In EMEA APAC, water used in the brewing process is sourced through water rights for water wells, river water use or supply contracts with water suppliers. Other In the Americas, other brewing adjuncts and other malt and cereal grains are purchased primarily from suppliers in the U.S. and Canada. In EMEA APAC, adjuncts are purchased under crop-year contracts typically commencing in October each year from local producers. In addition, we continue to make investments to improve the sustainability and resources of our agricultural supply chain, including the development of our initiative to advance sustainable farming practices by our suppliers. We do not currently anticipate significant future difficulties in accessing water or agricultural products used in our brewing process in the near term. 9 Table o f Contents Packaging Materials Our primary packaging materials include aluminum, glass bottles, reusable kegs and casks and recyclable plastic containers. In the Americas segment, a portion of our aluminum cans and ends are purchased from Rocky Mountain Metal Container ("RMMC"), our joint venture with Ball Corporation, whose production facilities, which are leased from us, are located near our brewery in Golden, Colorado. We have supply agreements with Ball Corporation and other vendors to purchase aluminum containers and ends in addition to what is supplied from RMMC. In the Americas segment, a portion of our glass bottles are purchased from Rocky Mountain Bottle Company ("RMBC"), our joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc., whose production facilities, which are leased from us, are located in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. We have supply agreements with Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc., and other vendors for requirements in excess of RMBC's production. In the EMEA APAC segment, we manage packaging needs through diversified contracts, which have provided a reliable supply of aluminum cans, glass bottles, and kegs. Our keg supply arrangements allow us to respond to changing demand which provides supply security without locking us into long-term commitments. Many of our raw materials and commodities for both brewing and packaging are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including commodity swaps and options. In addition, risk to our supply of certain raw materials is mitigated through purchases from multiple geographies and suppliers. When prices increase for materials, we may or may not be able to pass on such increases to our customers. Sustainability Through our overall business strategy and our sustainability strategy, referred to as "Our Imprint," we established goals and supporting initiatives in an attempt to ensure we are good stewards of the assets and resources most important to our business. More information about our strategy and progress can be found in Our Imprint Report, available at www.molsoncoors.com/goals-and-reporting. The information provided on our website (or any other website referred to in this report) is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference as part of this report. Governance Our Board of Directors ("Board") is responsible for overseeing and monitoring Our Imprint Strategy, with specific areas of oversight delegated to the committees of the Board. The Board receives regular reports and recommendations from management and the Board committees to help guide our strategy, from goals related to water, packaging and climate change, to initiatives focused on building a strong culture and engagement within our people, our workplace and our marketplace. At the management level, our executive leadership team, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for the oversight and the evolution of Our Imprint Strategy. Our Vice President of Sustainability and Environment, Health and Safety works closely with the executive leadership team on strategy development, initiative implementation and progress for our environmental sustainability focus areas. Our Chief People and Culture Officers are tasked with managing all employment-related matters including recruitment, retention, leadership and development, compensation and benefits planning, succession planning, performance management, and culture and engagement for each of our respective business segments. The Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board is responsible for establishing and reviewing the overall compensation philosophy of our Company and providing oversight on certain human capital matters and initiatives, including those related to our talent retention and development, leadership development, talent pipeline, programs and systems for performance management, health and safety and our culture and engagement. Putting People First We believe that our success is intrinsically linked to the wellbeing of our employees and the communities we serve. Our goal is to build and sustain a skilled and highly engaged workforce that unites around our shared values, improves our workplace and reflects the marketplaces and consumers who enjoy our products. 10 Table o f Contents We have a global and varied workforce, with major employee centers in the U.S., Canada, the U.K. and Romania. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 16,200 employees within our business globally with approximately 9,900 employees within our Americas segment and approximately 6,300 employees within our EMEA APAC segment. Approximately 700 of our employees are in our Global Business Services Centers based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Bucharest, Romania. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 27% and 25% of our Americas segment and EMEA APAC segment workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions or councils, which are subject to collective bargaining agreements that come due for renegotiation from time to time. We believe fostering a strong culture with a highly engaged workforce is critical to how we operate, from how we work together to how we grow as a company. Related action plans for the Americas and EMEA APAC segments are expected to be delivered through three key pillars: People, Workplace and Marketplace. To be the first choice for our employees, we deploy programs, policies and initiatives to foster a supportive work environment that enables business success and empowers our team members to thrive, both professionally and personally. Our 2025 initiatives and progress included: Business Resource Groups - In both the Americas and EMEA APAC, we promoted and supported our self-governed employee Business Resource Groups ("BRGs") in their work to connect, engage and develop their members while achieving business and strategic objectives. Our BRGs fuel our business strategy by enhancing our culture, supporting our talent attraction and professional development strategies and providing unique perspectives to drive consumer-based insights while supporting the communities where we live and work. Employee Wellness - Our holistic wellness initiatives include fitness challenges, employee assistance programs and nutrition guidance. We offer flexible work arrangements and encourage work-life harmony to support overall employee wellbeing. We implemented comprehensive programs that include on-site health and fitness centers, mental health resources, financial planning workshops and more to ensure our employees have the support they need to lead balanced, fulfilling lives. Financial Wellbeing - We offer affordable and comprehensive benefits, which we routinely benchmark to try to ensure they are competitive, inclusive, aligned with our company culture and local practices, and allow our employees to meet their individual needs and the needs of their families. Our Total Rewards program in general provides a competitive base salary, incentive plans, health and insurance benefits, a deferred compensation option in certain regions with a potential employer match, paid time off plans, enhanced parental leave policies in many locations, an engaging Wellness Program and an Employee Assistance Program. Our business units comply with applicable parental leave laws and in many cases go further to provide flexible work schedules and extended leave for new parents. We believe our compensation and incentive programs motivate us to ignite growth and help to hold ourselves accountable for living out our values to achieve our short- and long-term goals. We also provide a variety of financial wellbeing resources to support employees along their financial journey. This can range from retirement planning, saving for large purchases or simply gaining insights for better budgeting. Health Safety - We also promote safe and healthy behaviors at work and home. Our commitment to Health Safety is focused on preventing workplace incidents and building a strong behavior-based safety culture across our entire workforce through training, our World Class Supply Chain operating system, our values-based leadership development approach and readily-available resources, including standards, safety moments and systems and tools. Talent Development - Our aim is to help employees unlock their full potential so they can thrive in their current job and realize new, potential growth opportunities. At Molson Coors, First Choice Learning serves as the global home for development resources to support the unique needs of our employees around the world. First Choice Learning invests in our people through in-person and online training programs, and experiential training opportunities to support employee health and safety, assist in building core competencies, share best practices and develop leadership capabilities. In 2025, we continued to invest in leadership development programs, which are based on the principles of authenticity and developing self-aware leaders who create conditions for their teams to thrive. These programs include a blend of classroom training, coaching and mentoring and experiential action learning projects. Employee Engagement - We believe that engaging our employees through surveys during the onboarding process and throughout the employee journey provides us with valuable insight into how we can develop our company culture to help ensure that our people feel supported and are able to thrive at our company. We gauge our employees sentiments through Employee Experience surveys generally three times a year in the Americas and yearly in EMEA APAC. In addition, our Chief Executive Officer regularly hosts question and answer sessions available to all employees. We believe these sessions also help create a company culture where open, honest dialogue is supported and encouraged, and where people are empowered to raise questions and concerns about our business and our culture. 11 Table o f Contents Preserving the Planet We have a long legacy of commitment to environmental sustainability, dating back to Bill Coors pioneering efforts to bring the two-piece aluminum can to market in the late 1950s and implementation of some of the first recycling programs in the U.S. In 2017, we launched Our Imprint goals for climate and water and, in 2019, incorporated our ambition to make our packaging more sustainable. As further detailed in the annual Our Imprint Report, we have several key sustainability focus areas: Greenhouse Gas ("GHG") Emissions Through the end of 2025, we continued to work towards our goal to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 50% against our baseline set in 2016. By the end of 2030, our goal is to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions against our 2016 baseline by 65% along with a 40% reduction in Scope 3 emissions. By at least 2050, we plan to achieve net zero emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3). We continue to implement energy and water efficiency improvements across our facilities, including the completion of a multi-year renovation project of our Golden, Colorado brewery, and renewables contracts or power purchase agreements for our Fort Worth, Texas brewery, southeast Wisconsin facilities and our U.K. operations. Watershed Stewardship In recognition of our important role in our local watersheds, through the end of 2025, we continued to work towards our goal to improve our water-to-product ratio by 22% of our breweries producing more than 150,000 hectoliters annually against our baseline set in 2016. We collaborate with key partners on watershed management programs to improve the health of the Trinity River Basin watershed in Texas (home of our Fort Worth brewery) and the Upper South Platte River watershed in Colorado (home of our Golden brewery). Packaging We aim to use widely recyclable packaging materials such as aluminum cans, glass bottles and fiberboard cartons, and we are working to eliminate polyethylene terephthalate ("PET") bottles and single-use plastic rings for our beer brands in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. Through the end of 2025, we continued to work on ensuring PET bottles of our Central and Eastern European operations within the EU contained at least 25% of recycled content. We are on pace to ensuring the PET bottles of our Central and Eastern European operations within the EU contain at least 30% recycled content by the end of 2030. Agricultural Practices We work closely with our barley farmers in the U.S. and Canada to test and learn the different growing practices across multiple regions and collect a broad range of data including water consumption. Through the end of 2025, we continued to work towards producing the annual barley crop with 10% less water per ton yielded against our 2016 baseline. See the annual Our Imprint Report for additional information, including progress against these goals and objectives. As discussed further under Item 1A. Risk Factors , our progress towards these goals and objectives may be influenced and impacted by, among other things, various stakeholders and developments beyond our control. Environmental Compliance Matters Our operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have an impact on human health or the environment. Such laws, regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation, and for certain damages resulting from sites of past releases of hazardous materials. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. While we cannot predict our eventual aggregate cost for the environmental and related matters in which we may be or are currently involved, we believe that any payments, if required, for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our operating results, cash flows, or our financial or competitive position. We believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. However, there can be no assurance that environmental laws will not become more stringent in the future or that we will not incur material costs in the future in order to comply with such laws. See Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" under the caption " Environmental" for additional information regarding environmental matters. Global Intellectual Property We own trademarks on the majority of the brands we produce and have licenses for the remainder. We also hold several patent and design registrations with expiration dates through 2045 relating to brewing methods, beer dispensing systems, packaging and certain other innovations. We are not reliant on patent royalties for our financial success. Therefore, these expirations are not expected to have a significant impact on our business. 12 Table o f Contents Available Information We file with, or furnish to, the SEC, reports, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website (www.sec.gov) and are also available free of charge on our corporate website (www.molsoncoors.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The foregoing website addresses are provided as inactive textual references only. The information provided on our website (or any other website referred to in this report) is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference as part of this report. Information About Our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 18, 2026: Name Age Position Rahul Goyal 49 President and Chief Executive Officer Tracey I. Joubert 59 Chief Financial Officer Natalie Maciolek 47 Chief Legal, Communications and Government Affairs Officer Darrin Vohs 60 Chief Information Officer Philip M. Whitehead 48 President and Chief Executive Officer, EMEA APAC ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our Company involves risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this report. The risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. Investors are encouraged to read each risk factor as related and interconnected to the other risk factors set forth in this section. However, the risks set forth below are not a comprehensive description of the risks facing our Company. We may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial but may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Investors should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. If the following risks or uncertainties, individually or in combination, actually occur, they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations or prospects. See also "Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995." Risks Related to our Company and Operations The global beer industry and the broader alcohol industry are constantly evolving and our position within these industries and the success of our products in our markets may fundamentally change. If we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industries, market dynamics and consumer preferences, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly consolidated global beer market. For many years, the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export, license and partnership arrangements. In contrast, it has now become increasingly complex and competitive as the consolidation of brewers has resulted in fewer major market participants. As a result, the markets in which we operate, particularly the more mature markets, like the U.S., Canada and the U.K., may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position. Ongoing evolution in certain of our beer markets, together with emerging changes in consumer preferences, have resulted in a significant increase in market entrants, new and innovative products, consumer choices and market competition. Our Coors Light and Miller Lite brands in the Americas represented approximately 55% of segment net sales in 2025 while, Carling, Staropramen, Coors, Madr Excepcional, O ujsko , and Bergenbier brands in EMEA APAC represented approximately 45% of segment net sales in 2025, with several of our other brands representing a significant share of their respective markets. Therefore, continued volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. Consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 13 Table o f Contents Furthermore, the broader alcohol industry is also experiencing a shift in consumer drinking preferences and behaviors due to, among others, downturns in economic conditions or perceived value, changing demographics and taste preferences, such as the expansion in above premium products, specifically flavored malt beverages, RTDs, spirit-based beverages, cider and other similar beverages, as well as a shift toward non-alcoholic beverages, health and wellness trends (including the use of glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1) agonists), as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands and the brands of our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in evolving with, and navigating through, these changes to the markets in which we operate, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. If our competitors are able to respond more quickly to the evolving trends within beverage categories, or if our new products in these categories are not successful, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted. Our restructuring activities may not be successful and the estimated costs associated with such activities may be more than expected, and our restructuring activities may adversely impact employee hiring and retention. On October 20, 2025, we announced a corporate restructuring plan, the Americas Restructuring Plan, designed to create a leaner, more agile Americas organization while advancing our ability to reinvest in our business and position us for future growth. The restructuring involved the elimination of salaried positions across our Americas segment during the fourth quarter of 2025. The implementation of this plan may be disruptive to our operations, result in higher than anticipated restructuring charges, including severance and related costs, and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and may not generate the expected savings or other benefits intended by management. Additional risks associated with the continuing impact of the restructuring activities include employee attrition, the ability to hire new employees in the future, diversion of management attention, and adverse effects on employee morale. In addition, our ability to complete this plan and achieve the anticipated benefits from it within the expected time frame, or at all, is subject to management s estimates and assumptions and may vary materially from our expectations, including as a result of factors that are beyond our control. If we do not realize the expected benefits of this plan on a timely basis, or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Furthermore, following completion of this plan, our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to the implementation of such plan. Competition and other factors in our markets could require us to adjust prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In many of our markets, our primary competitors may have greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than we do, and may be more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. We compete with other beer and beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance and loyalty, but also for shelf, refrigerator and tap space in retail establishments and for marketing focus by our distributors and customers, most of which also distribute and sell other beers and beverage products. If we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry, market dynamics and consumer preferences, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions and shifts in consumer behaviors more rapidly or effectively than we do. In order for us to remain competitive, we will need to continue to quickly and correctly adopt digital technologies, build analytical capabilities and scale brand expense investment levels, which our competitors may be able to achieve faster and with more resources. In all of the markets in which we operate, aggressive marketing strategies, such as reduced pricing, brand positioning, and increased capital or other investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our profitability may be impacted by prices that do not offset the inflationary pressures, which may impact our gross margins. Even if we are able to raise the prices of our products, we may not be able to sustain such price increases and consumers might react negatively to such price increases, which could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our brand, reputation and sales. Price increases may also lead to a decrease in demand for our products as competitors may not adjust their prices or consumers may decide not to pay higher prices for our products, which could lead to a decline in sales volume and loss of market share. Our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, continuing consolidation among major global brewers and between brewers and other beverage companies and convergence of beverage categories may lead to stronger or new competitors, loss of partner brands, negative impacts on our distributor networks, alternate distribution networks and pressures from marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. Further consolidation of distributors in our industry, as well as increasing retail consolidation within the on-premise channel in certain markets in our EMEA APAC segment, could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the markets in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes our brands' value, as well as reduce our ability to manage our pricing effectively and efficiently. Additionally, due to competition with brewers and other beverage companies, an increase in the purchasing power of our large competitors may cause further pricing pressures which could prevent us from increasing prices to recover higher costs necessary to compete. Such pressures could have a material adverse impact on our business and our financial results and market share. Increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets, as well as the need for increased capital investment, marketing and other expenditures could result in lower 14 Table o f Contents profitability or loss of market share and volumes. We may also face inflationary pressures that may negatively influence our or our competitors' prices and reduce margins on our products. Moreover, most of our major markets are mature, so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our global competitors who may already be in higher growth or emerging markets. For example, net sales in our Americas segment accounted for approximately 78% of our total 2025 net sales. As a result, to the extent that we are unable to maintain or grow our market share in our mature markets, our sales and, in turn, business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. Our success as an enterprise depends on our ability to successfully premiumize our portfolio on a timely basis and innovate beyond beer. Any inability to deliver new products could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our future growth will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to premiumize our portfolio and timely innovate and develop new products beyond traditional beer. We plan to continue to innovate, test and scale products. In addition, we also rely on certain arrangements with partner brands for innovation, development and growth in new products beyond beer. However, each of the launch and ongoing success of new products is inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of incremental or one-time costs and an unsuccessful launch or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could, among other things, affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation as well as result in inventory write-offs and other costs. Our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors products, especially over time, could have a material adverse effect on our growth, business and financial results. As we premiumize and expand our portfolio to address emerging consumer needs, our existing brands could be adversely affected if we do not sufficiently allocate resources to support them. A material adverse impact on our brands' sales could affect how distributors and consumers prioritize our products and could create broader challenges for our route to market and ability to reach consumers. Furthermore, new beer or beyond beer premium products may require unique or higher quality ingredients, which, coupled with a highly competitive marketplace, could negatively impact the profitability and financial return of such new products. Changes in the social acceptability, perceptions and the political view of the beverage categories in which we operate, including alcohol, could adversely affect our business. In recent years, there has been an increase in public and political attention on health and well-being as they relate to alcoholic beverages and the other categories in which we operate due in part to public concern over alcohol-related social problems, including driving under the influence, underage drinking and exposure to alcohol advertisements, and health consequences from the use, harmful use and misuse of alcohol. Negative publicity regarding alcoholic beverages and changes in consumer perceptions in relation to beer or other alcoholic beverages could adversely affect the sale and consumption of our products, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Additionally, the concerns around alcohol, as well as health and well-being, could result in unfavorable regulations or other legal requirements in certain markets in which we operate, such as advertising, selling and other restrictions, increased taxes associated with our sales, or the establishment of minimum unit pricing. Any such regulations or requirements could change consumer and customer purchasing patterns and may require us to incur significant compliance costs, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. In particular, advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing labeling and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis, seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring legal actions against us to substantially curtail the consumption of alcohol, including beer, in developed and developing markets. Further, the alcohol industry may be criticized and experience an increase in the number of publications and studies, as well as lobbying efforts, arguing there is no safe level of alcohol consumption. If these perspectives gain traction and are reflected in regulations, requirements or restrictions in jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, in February 2021, the EU published its Europe Beating Cancer Plan, which contemplates a proposal for mandatory health warnings on alcohol beverage product labels. In January 2025, the United States' outgoing Surgeon General issued an advisory recommending an update to the Surgeon General's warning label in the United States for alcohol-containing beverages to include a cancer risk warning. In Canada, proposed bills would require alcohol manufacturers to include alcohol health warning labels on alcoholic products that address alcohol-related health risks, including cancer, define a standard alcoholic drink, provide information on the number of standard drinks per package and recommend consumption limits. Ireland has also enacted legislation requiring new health warning labels on alcohol beverage products. 15 Table o f Contents Weak, or weakening of, economic, social or other conditions in the markets in which we do business, including cost inflation, tariffs and reductions in discretionary consumer spending, could adversely impact demand for our products or cause consumers to suffer financial hardship, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Consumption of our products could be closely tied to general economic conditions. As a result, difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets, such as further decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases in inflation, impacts of tariffs, energy costs, income (and other) taxes and the cost of living, increased and prolonged unemployment or a further decline in consumer confidence, as well as limited or significantly reduced points of access of our product, political or economic instability or other country-specific factors, could continue to have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. Because our product sales rely on discretionary spending by consumers, recessions, economic downturns, price instability, inflation, tariffs, slowing economic growth, social and political instability, violent crime, war, terrorism and related matters in the markets where we compete could negatively affect our revenues and financial performance, and adversely impact our ability to grow or sustain our business. For example, under difficult or deteriorating economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products by shifting away from our premium and above premium products to lower-priced products offered by us or our competitors, by shifting from on-premise to off-premise consumption, or by shifting purchase to other categories, such as legal cannabis, delta-9, other hemp derived products, or online gambling, each of which could negatively impact our net sales and financial results. A significant portion of our consolidated net sales are concentrated in the U.S., Canada and countries in Europe. Therefore, unfavorable macroeconomic conditions could negatively affect consumer demand for our products in these important markets, which could reduce our profitability, and consequently may negatively affect the results of operations in our Americas and EMEA APAC segments. Our operations are dependent on the global supply chain and face significant exposure to changes in commodity and other input prices, impacts of supply chain constraints and disruptions and inflationary pressures, including tariffs, which could adversely impact our operating results. We depend on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure reliable and sufficient supply of quality products. Geopolitical tensions and political conflicts could adversely impact our employees, financial performance and global operations, including by, among other things, jeopardizing the safety of our employees and facilities, disrupting our and our partners' operations and causing market volatility, which could adversely impact consumer demand and our sales. Our business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by supply chain constraints and disruptions, caused in part, by wars and conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and the uncertain economic environment worldwide. These supply chain constraints could put significant inflationary pressures on commodity and other input prices. Supply chain disruptions may cause delays in shipments of our products and supplies. Failure to adequately produce and timely ship our products to customers could potentially lead to lost revenue, failure to meet customer demand, strained relationships with customers including wholesalers, and diminished brand loyalty. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade driven in part by increased tariffs, could result in, among other things, broader impacts that expand into other markets, economic recessions, inflationary pressures, cyberattacks, energy supply availability shortages, supply chain and logistics cost increases or disruptions, lower consumer demand and volatility in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. In addition, our Americas segment is exposed to variability in the market price of a regional premium differential (referred to as Midwest Premium in the U.S.) charged by industry participants to deliver aluminum from the smelter to the manufacturing facility. This premium differential also fluctuates in relation to several conditions, including based on the supply of and demand for aluminum in a particular region, associated transportation costs and warehouse financing transactions, which limit the amount of physical aluminum available to consumers and increases the price differential as a result. Due to the opaque pricing of Midwest Premium and the limited liquidity of the market, hedging Midwest Premium can be costly. During times of greater volatility in the Midwest Premium, the variability in our cost of goods sold can also increase. For example, in 2025, the Midwest Premium increased, which resulted in an approximate $35 million unfavorable impact on our results for the year ended December 31, 2025. In addition to impacting the price we pay for the raw materials we purchase, changing premium differentials impact our end consumers as we may pass on the increased cost to those consumers in order to maintain our profit margins. To the extent any of the foregoing factors, including fluctuations in Midwest Premium, affect the availability or prices of ingredients or packaging, or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks, and we are not able to pass these increased costs along to customers, our business and financial results could be further materially adversely impacted. 16 Table o f Contents We purchase and use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials, which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties, to produce our products (including barley, malted barley, hops, corn and other various adjuncts), as well as water and packaging materials (including aluminum cans and bottles, glass and polyethylene terephthalate containers as well as cardboard and other paper products). In addition, we also purchase and use a significant amount of diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity and carbon dioxide in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict and are beyond our control, including global geopolitical conditions or events (including the Russia-Ukraine conflict), governmental regulations (including tariffs that can cause the Midwest Premium to fluctuate and including extended producer responsibility requirements which lead to producers paying the full value chain recycling of packaging materials sold), global competition for resources, inflationary pressures related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues, currency fluctuations, alternative sources for suppliers, disease outbreaks or pandemics, trade agreements, frosts, droughts and other weather conditions and events, agricultural productivity, crop and plant diseases, theft, industry surcharges and other practices. Similarly, if the costs of goods continue to increase, our suppliers may seek price increases from us. If we are unable to mitigate the impact of these matters through price increases to our customers, cost savings initiatives, hedging arrangements, or other measures, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. The success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property. It is important that we maintain and enhance the image and reputation of our existing brands and products, including our corporate purpose, mission and values. Concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and the reputation of our brands and products. While we have quality control programs in place, in the event we or our third-party manufacturers or suppliers experience an issue with product quality or if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded or cause injury, we may experience recalls or liability in addition to business disruption which could further negatively impact our brand image and reputation, negatively affect our sales and cause us to incur additional costs. A widespread product recall, multiple product recalls or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time, which could further reduce consumer demand and brand equity. We also could be exposed to lawsuits or regulatory enforcement relating to product liability, labelling, marketing or sales practices or intellectual property infringement. Our brand image and reputation may also be difficult to protect due to less oversight and control as a result of outsourcing some of our operations internationally or entering new or different product lines. Additionally, if we are unable to address and uphold our plans with respect to our sustainability initiatives or actions by and attitudes of regulators and the public health community, our image and brand equity may be impacted, which may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, because our brands carry family names, personal activities by certain members of the Molson or Coors families that harm their public image or reputation could also have an adverse effect on our brands or our reputation. We also engage with celebrities, influencers and other famous sponsors, and personal activities by these or any other promotional partners or business partners that harm their public image or reputation could also have an adverse effect on our brands or our reputation. Our brand image, reputation and financial results may be impacted by our ability to navigate marketing campaigns and trends that may intersect, even inadvertently, with various dynamic issues facing society on regional and global levels across the markets in which we operate. Further, our success is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and know-how. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights or that other parties may claim that our brands infringe on their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Issues and regulations related to climate change, sustainability, human rights and human capital, and stakeholder response thereto may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may damage our reputation. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny relating to their workforce and environmental practices and policies. The landscape related to such regulation, compliance, and reporting is constantly evolving, including expanding in scope and complexity. For example, the state of California, and the European Commission have published proposed or final rules, including the European Commission's Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, that will require significantly increased disclosures related to climate change and other issues. We may experience significant future cost increases associated with regulatory compliance for sustainability matters, including fees, licenses, reporting, auditing and the cost of capital improvements for our operating facilities to meet sustainability and/or environmental regulatory requirements. 17 Table o f Contents Investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, stockholders, activists, employees, consumers, customers, regulators, proxy advisory services and other market participants have increasingly focused on these types of matters and initiatives, as well as the related practices and policies of companies. These stakeholders have placed increased importance on these practices and their effect on companies from an investor, consumer, customer or employee perspective. We have also published goals across a range of environmental sustainability and safety matters. Although we have initiatives against these goals, we may be required to expend resources for them, which could increase our operational costs. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of these goals, or for any revisions to our goals. Furthermore, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and there is also a risk that stakeholders may change their views on these topics over time. Our various stakeholders or regulators may also have divergent opinions on these types of matters as well as conflicting expectations regarding our culture, values, goals and business, which makes it difficult to achieve a consistently positive perception amongst all of our various stakeholders. Moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our Company and our stockholders to prioritize other investments over the achievement of our current goals based on economic, technological developments, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors, activists, regulators, or other stakeholders. Some stakeholders may advocate for greater transparency and more aggressive ESG-related commitments across areas such as human capital, labor practices, supply chain oversight, and diversity. Others, including advocacy organizations and litigation-focused groups, may criticize ESG-related initiatives and challenge companies, through lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and public campaigns, for implementing ESG strategies they deem inconsistent with fiduciary duties or legal obligations. If our practices do not meet evolving investor, industry, stakeholder or regulatory expectations and standards, related to, among other things, climate change, carbon emissions, packaging, safety and related matters, or if we are perceived (whether or not valid) to have not responded appropriately to the growing and various concerns for or against such issues, or if we fail to meet the goals, among other things, our reputation, culture, ability to attract or retain employees, brands, sales, stock price, ability to access the capital markets, or our overall business or financial results could be adversely affected. Further, if we incur adverse publicity and reaction from investors, activists, or other stakeholders related to our efforts and goals, the perception of us and our products and services by current and potential customers, as well as investors, could cause our customers and consumers to stop purchasing our products or to purchase products from a competitor or subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems and violations of data privacy laws and regulations could disrupt our business operations and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Our information systems may be the target of cyberattacks or other security breaches, which, if successful, could, among other things, disrupt our operations, applications or services, cause the loss of key business, employee, customer or vendor information, cause us to breach our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, prevent us from accessing or relying upon critical business records, cause reputational damage, or impact the costs or ability to obtain adequate insurance coverage. These incidents may result from human errors, equipment failure, or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties. The risk of cyber threats or cyberattacks increases as we rely more on digital partners, including supply-chain partners integrated into our business, who may also be the target of cyberattacks or other security breaches. If our information systems suffer severe disruption, damage, or shutdown we could experience delays and disruptions in our business, including brewery operations, production or shipments, or delays in reporting our financial results, such as those we experienced with the March 2021 cybersecurity incident, which could adversely affect our cash flows, competitive position, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. A breach of our information systems could subject us to litigation, including class action or derivative lawsuits, regulatory fines, and penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results or reputation. We continue to experience an increase in the number of attempted cyberattacks due, in part, to the increasing reliance of our employees, vendors and contractors on distributed, hybrid, and mobile access to work and access our technology infrastructure because of shifts in working arrangements. Furthermore, continued geopolitical turmoil, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. As discussed further below, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies by third parties (including threat actors) may increase our cybersecurity risks. 18 Table o f Contents We expend significant financial resources to attempt to vigorously monitor and mitigate against cyber threats and cyberattacks. We may be required to incur further costs to alleviate problems and remedy damage caused by physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches and to address possible increased information system attacks as a result of the incident, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, these events may not be insured against or may not be fully covered by any insurance maintained by us and there is no assurance that liability clauses in any of our contracts would be enforceable or adequate to protect us from liabilities or damages as a result of a cybersecurity incident (including incidents affecting our third-party vendors). As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures could be circumvented regardless of our expenditures and protection efforts. We could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws or regulations, including but not limited to, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation, California Privacy Rights Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act and other similar comprehensive data privacy laws, may damage our reputation and credibility or expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, loss of existing or potential future customers and/or increases in our security costs and compliance burden, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Other jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted or are proposing similar laws and regulations related to data privacy and data security. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation. In addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated information relating to identifiable individuals and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight or consumers may avoid our brands due to negative publicity. In the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, even if encrypted, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data directly. Further, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and is an evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss. Furthermore, the cybersecurity and data privacy regulatory environment, including, but not limited to, the SEC's disclosure-related cybersecurity rules, is increasingly challenging, and may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. For example, emerging regulations, such as the EU's Network and Information Security (NIS2), may lead to significant financial penalties, potential executive-level legal liability, mandated urgent corrective actions, operational disruptions, and/or increased cyber-incident impact if our governance, monitoring, or incident-reporting controls are insufficient. The integration and use of artificial intelligence and similar technology in our business presents challenges and risks that could adversely impact our business, reputation and results of operations. The use of artificial intelligence, combined with an uncertain regulatory environment, may result in reputational harm, liability, or other adverse consequences to our brands, marketing and business operations. Molson Coors or its third-party vendors may adopt and integrate artificial intelligence tools into our systems for specific use cases, including leveraging artificial intelligence in our marketing efforts, after review by legal and information security and in alignment with internal oversight and policies and procedures. Our vendors and third-party partners may also incorporate artificial intelligence tools into their offerings with or without disclosing this use to us in a timely or complete manner. The providers of these artificial intelligence tools may not meet existing or evolving regulatory or industry standards concerning privacy and data protection, which may result in a loss of intellectual property or confidential information and/or cause harm to our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or other internal controls. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of artificial intelligence, to engage in cyberattacks or illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information and intellectual property. The technologies underlying artificial intelligence and their use cases are rapidly developing, and it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks related to the use of artificial intelligence. While new artificial intelligence initiatives, laws and regulations are emerging and evolving, uncertainty will remain, and our obligation to comply with the evolving regulatory landscape could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or limit our ability to incorporate certain artificial intelligence capabilities into our business. Any of these factors or outcomes could damage our brands and reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information or otherwise adversely impact our business. 19 Table o f Contents Because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business. We rely extensively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware and software configuration. Additionally, we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including brewing operations, procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems and global business service providers for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits, as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting, legal and tax requirements. As information systems are critical to many of our operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, obsolescence, or security threats or breaches. Furthermore, the importance of such information technology systems and networks has increased due to many of our employees working remotely as a result of our changing workplace dynamics. Additionally, if any of our significant service providers were to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results. Due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or works councils, we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 27% and 25% of our Americas and EMEA APAC workforces, respectively, are represented by labor unions or councils. Stringent labor laws in certain of our key markets expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in those markets. From time to time, our collective bargaining agreements come due for renegotiation, and, if we are unable to timely complete negotiations, affected employees may strike, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Furthermore, there may be additional work stoppages, unionization efforts or other employee-related issues, either prior to or following the expiration of these agreements, each of which could significantly affect our business and financial results. A prolonged labor strike, work stoppage, unionization efforts or other employee-related issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, at the end of March 2022 through mid-June 2022, the unionized employees in our Montr al/Longueuil, Qu bec brewery and distribution centers went on strike, which significantly adversely affected our business, operations and financial results during the second and third quarters of 2022. Furthermore, in February 2024, the unionized employees at our Fort Worth, Texas brewery went on strike, which adversely affected our business, operations and financial results during the second quarter of 2024. Our success depends largely on key personnel, and the loss of such personnel or failure to appropriately manage our CEO transition could harm our business and our ability to execute our strategy and labor shortages, employee turnover and wage increases could also significantly impact our operations. Our success depends largely on the continued services of key personnel and their ability to execute our corporate strategy. Further, in September 2025, we announced the appointment of Rahul Goyal as our President and CEO, following the announcement of Gavin D.K. Hattersley's retirement from our Company. Our future performance will depend, in part, on the successful transition of Mr. Goyal as our new CEO as well as his ability to lead our Company. If we do not successfully manage our CEO transition, it could be viewed negatively by our customers, employees or investors and could have an adverse impact on our business. Further, the loss of the services and expertise of any key employee, or multiple members of senior management at the same time, could harm our business. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. If we were to experience turnover of any key employee or multiple members of senior management at the same time, or if a member or members of our senior management were to become ill or incapacitated, our stock price, our results of operations, our commercial and supply chain operations and our vendor or customer relationships could each be adversely impacted and such events may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. The labor market for many of our employees is very competitive, and wages and compensation costs continue to increase. Our ability to attract and retain key talent has been, and may continue to be, impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has recently been experiencing wage inflation, labor shortages, and a continued shift toward remote work. In addition, labor costs are rising and our industry is experiencing a shortage of qualified workers. If we face labor shortages and/or increased labor costs as a result of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, or increases in employee benefits costs, our operating expenses could increase, which could negatively impact our growth and results of operations. Labor shortages, higher employee turnover rates and labor union organizing efforts could also lead to disruptions in our business, as discussed above. In addition, we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization, or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition, in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key management positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new management becomes familiar with our business. 20 Table o f Contents Loss, operational disruptions or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, including those of our suppliers, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our business could be interrupted and our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, floods, other severe weather events, acts of war, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks and other disruptions in information systems, such as the March 2021 cybersecurity incident, disease outbreaks or pandemics and other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage, disrupt or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. Such significant losses or disruptions could be due to, among other things, the loss or disruption of the timely availability of adequate supplies of essential raw materials for us and our suppliers, including single-source suppliers; our ability to effectively integrate new suppliers into our operations; material financial issues facing our suppliers, such as bankruptcy or similar proceedings; transportation and logistics challenges, including as a result of governmental restrictions and the availability and capacity of shipping channels as customers may shift to increased online shopping; the loss or disruption of other manufacturing, distribution and supply capabilities; labor shortages, strikes or work stoppages; the loss or disruption of the supply of carbon dioxide gas; acts of war and terrorism; or natural disasters, pandemics, public health crises, or other catastrophic events and the associated impacts of such events, including impacts on our employees, their families, or our suppliers. If any of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay, disrupt or reduce production, shipments and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties. We experienced certain of the foregoing risks and losses in connection with the March 2021 cybersecurity incident and the coronavirus pandemic in 2020. Certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies, which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. Our business and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity, including contract brewing and impact the priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. Further, significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines could result in under-utilization of our assets, which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. For example, as part of a strategic review of our supply chain network, certain breweries and bottling lines were closed in recent years, and we have incurred brewery closure costs, including charges associated with the closure of our breweries in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, and 10th Street in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in late 2024 and early 2025. We regularly review our supply chain network in an attempt to ensure that our supply chain capacity is aligned with the needs of the business. Such reviews could potentially result in further closures and the related costs could be material. Climate change and other weather events may negatively affect our business and financial results. There is concern that the continuing increase in global average temper