=== AAPL_2026-01-08.htm.gz ===
Apple Inc. - DEF 14A false 0000320193 DEF 14A 0000320193 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 2023-10-01 2024-09-28 0000320193 2022-09-25 2023-09-30 0000320193 2021-09-26 2022-09-24 0000320193 2020-09-26 2021-09-25 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:CookMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:CookMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-28 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:CookMember 2022-09-25 2023-09-30 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:CookMember 2021-09-26 2022-09-24 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:CookMember 2020-09-26 2021-09-25 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:GrantDateFairValueofStockAwardsfromSCTMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:GrantDateFairValueofStockAwardsfromSCTMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:FairValueofEquityAwardsGrantedintheYearandUnvestedasofYearEndMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:FairValueofEquityAwardsGrantedintheYearandUnvestedasofYearEndMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:ChangeinFairValuefromPriorYearEndofOutstandingandUnvestedAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:ChangeinFairValuefromPriorYearEndofOutstandingandUnvestedAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:FairValueofStockAwardsGrantedinFiscalYearthatVestedinFiscalYearMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:FairValueofStockAwardsGrantedinFiscalYearthatVestedinFiscalYearMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:ChangeinFairValuefromPriorYearEndofVestedAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:ChangeinFairValuefromPriorYearEndofVestedAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:PeoMember AAPL:FairValueatVestingDateofVestedAwardsGrantedinCurrentYearMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:FairValueatVestingDateofVestedAwardsGrantedinCurrentYearMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 AAPL:LucaMaestriMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-28 0000320193 AAPL:LucaMaestriMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-09-25 2023-09-30 0000320193 AAPL:LucaMaestriMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-09-26 2022-09-24 0000320193 AAPL:LucaMaestriMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-09-26 2021-09-25 0000320193 AAPL:KateAdamsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-28 0000320193 AAPL:KateAdamsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-09-25 2023-09-30 0000320193 AAPL:KateAdamsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-09-26 2022-09-24 0000320193 AAPL:KateAdamsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-09-26 2021-09-25 0000320193 AAPL:DeirdreOBrienMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-28 0000320193 AAPL:DeirdreOBrienMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-09-25 2023-09-30 0000320193 AAPL:DeirdreOBrienMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-09-26 2022-09-24 0000320193 AAPL:DeirdreOBrienMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-09-26 2021-09-25 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:JeffWilliamsMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-28 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:JeffWilliamsMember 2022-09-25 2023-09-30 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:JeffWilliamsMember 2021-09-26 2022-09-24 0000320193 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember AAPL:JeffWilliamsMember 2020-09-26 2021-09-25 0000320193 AAPL:KevanParekhMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 AAPL:KateAdamsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 AAPL:SabihKhanMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 AAPL:LucaMaestriMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 AAPL:DeirdreOBrienMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 1 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 2 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 0000320193 3 2024-09-29 2025-09-27 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Apple Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents Attending the Annual Meeting We are pleased to welcome shareholders to the 2026 Annual Meeting, to be held virtually on February 24, 2026, at 8:00 A.M. Pacific Time. To attend, vote, and submit questions during the Annual Meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AAPL2026 and enter the control number included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, voting instruction form, or proxy card. Online access to the webcast will open approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the Annual Meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting is subject to capacity limits set by the virtual meeting platform provider. To submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting, visit proxyvote.com before 8:59 P.M. Pacific Time on February 23, 2026, and enter your control number. Your vote is important to us. We encourage you to vote your shares in advance to ensure that your vote will be represented at the Annual Meeting. You may vote online, as well as by telephone, or, if you requested to receive printed proxy materials, by mailing a proxy or voting instruction form. For more detailed information, see the section entitled Voting Procedures beginning on page 87 of the Proxy Statement. In the Proxy Statement, the terms Apple, we, our, and Company refer to Apple Inc. Information presented in the Proxy Statement is based on Apple s fiscal calendar, other than references to particular years in connection with our shareholder engagement program and in the biographical information about our directors and executive officers, which refer to calendar years. The Proxy Statement includes website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials are not incorporated by reference into the Proxy Statement or in any other Securities and Exchange Commission filing we make under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our goals, commitments, and strategies, and our executive compensation program. These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including due to the risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that are discussed in our most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Copyright 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions. These materials were first sent or made available to shareholders on January 8, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 Message from our Chief Executive Officer 5 Proxy Statement Summary 7 2025 Business Highlights 8 Executive Compensation 9 Shareholder Engagement 9 Nominees to Apple s Board of Directors 10 Progress Across our Values 11 Items of Business and Board Voting Recommendations 12 Corporate Governance 13 Our Corporate Governance Framework 14 Role of the Board of Directors 15 Board Independence 15 Board and Committee Structure 15 Board Oversight 17 Board Meetings and Attendance 20 Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations 20 Related Party Policy and Transactions 20 Business Conduct Policy 21 Communications with the Board 21 Directors 23 Board Composition and Evaluation of Candidates 24 Nominees for Election 25 Compensation of Directors 31 Executive Officers 33 Executive Compensation 35 Message from the People and Compensation Committee 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 People and Compensation Committee Report 51 Executive Compensation Tables 52 Management Proposals 63 Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors 64 Proposal No. 2 - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 65 Proposal No. 3 - Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 67 Proposal No. 4 - Approval of the Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated 68 Shareholder Proposals 73 Shareholder Proposals 74 Identification of Proponents 74 Vote Required 74 Proposal No. 5 75 Other Information 79 Audit and Finance Committee Report 80 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 81 Equity Compensation Plan Information 83 General Information 84 Annex A A-1 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time Virtual Meeting Site Who Can Vote February 24, 2026 8:00 A.M. Pacific Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AAPL2026 Shareholders of record at the close of business on January 2, 2026 Items of Business and Board Voting Recommendations 1 Election of Directors: Wanda Austin, Tim Cook, Alex Gorsky, Andrea Jung, Art Levinson, Monica Lozano, Ron Sugar, and Sue Wagner FOR 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR 4 Approval of the Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated FOR 5 Shareholder Proposal if properly presented AGAINST And other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Sincerely, Kate Adams Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Cupertino, California January 8, 2026 Important notice regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on February 24, 2026. The Notice of Meeting, Proxy Statement, and Annual Report on Form 10-K are available free of charge at proxyvote.com and at investor.apple.com . Table of Contents We re continuously inspired by the imaginative ways people are using our technology to build new businesses, create beautiful art, and serve their communities. - Tim Cook, CEO Table of Contents Message from our Chief Executive Officer To our shareholders, This has been an exceptional year at Apple. We are so excited about all the ways we are sharing our products, pushing the limits of what s possible, and making technology that empowers people and enriches their lives. This is an ideal moment to reflect on where we are today, and in that spirit, I d invite you to join us for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on February 24, 2026, where we ll celebrate all we ve accomplished over the past year. Our latest iPhone lineup features the most powerful iPhone we ve ever made with iPhone 17 Pro, and the thinnest iPhone we ve ever made with iPhone Air. Along with iPhone 17, our entire lineup features incredibly advanced camera systems, powerful performance, and all-day battery life our users love. Our technology has never done more to help our users stay productive, connected, and healthy. With the M5-powered iPad Pro, MacBook Pro, and Vision Pro, and across our product lineups, Apple silicon continues to deliver unmatched power and performance to help our users get more done. This year, we also introduced a beautiful new design called Liquid Glass, which creates a unified experience across our platforms for the very first time. And I hear from Apple users every day who credit our health and safety features with improving their lives, or even saving them. AirPods Pro 3 have been another huge hit, delivering remarkable sound quality and the world s best in-ear active noise cancellation. And with Live Translation powered by Apple Intelligence, AirPods unlock a whole new way to connect and communicate with people across languages and around the world. It s a powerful example of the incredible possibilities we re unlocking with AI, which we see as one of the most profound technologies of our lifetime. That s why, from the silicon to the software, we re building our products from the ground up to enable powerful AI experiences. With Apple Intelligence, we re delivering on a hallmark of Apple products by making complex technologies easy and accessible for our customers. And we now have dozens of Apple Intelligence features like Writing Tools and Visual Intelligence that are empowering our users in remarkable ways. We ve also continued to deliver world-class Services including Apple Music, Apple Pay, and the App Store that give our users even more ways to learn, create, and connect. For instance, Apple TV originals continue to earn praise from fans and critics alike including clever comedies like The Studio, riveting dramas like Severance and Pluribus, and thrilling, cinematic hits like F1. As always, we ve continued to build our values into everything we do from our commitment to protecting people s privacy and security, to designing our products to be accessible to all. Around the world, we re giving students and teachers the tools to learn new skills and harness their creativity. And we re continuously inspired by the imaginative ways people are using our technology to build new businesses, create beautiful art, and serve their communities. On behalf of everyone at Apple, thank you for your engagement, your confidence, and your belief in our mission. We ve accomplished so much together and I ve never been more optimistic about the future. Tim Cook Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Proxy Statement Summary 2025 Business Highlights 8 Executive Compensation 9 Shareholder Engagement 9 Nominees to Apple s Board of Directors 10 Progress Across our Values 11 Items of Business and Board Voting Recommendations 12 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information 2025 Business Highlights At Apple, we work to push the limits of what s possible, and make technology that empowers people and enriches their lives. 2025 was an exceptional year, with record results, including an all-time revenue record of $416.2 billion for the fiscal year. These results reflect the tremendous customer enthusiasm for Apple products and services, as well as our deep commitment to innovation. Net Sales ($B) Operating Income ($B) Achievements and Milestones Business Highlights Products and Services Innovation Achieved all-time revenue record for total company, iPhone, and Services Achieved 14% year-over-year Services revenue growth, surpassing $100B in revenue for the first time Reached all-time revenue records in the majority of markets we track, including many emerging markets, such as India, Latin America, and the Middle East Delivered company gross margin of 46.9%, an increase of 70 basis points year-over-year Achieved all-time diluted earnings per share record of $7.46 Reached new all-time highs in our installed base across all major product categories and geographic segments Reached all-time high in paid and transacting customer accounts across our Services Returned over $110B to shareholders Introduced our most powerful lineup of products ever, including iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro and Pro Max, and iPhone Air, Apple Watch Series 11 and Ultra 3, and AirPods Pro 3, and brought M5, the next big leap in AI performance for Apple silicon, to iPad Pro, MacBook Pro, and Vision Pro Introduced dozens of new features with Apple Intelligence that are powerful, intuitive, private, and deeply integrated into the things our customers do every day, including Visual Intelligence and Live Translation Introduced our broadest software design update ever with Liquid Glass, a beautiful new design that takes advantage of Apple s powerful advances in hardware, silicon, and graphics technologies across platforms Continued to advance groundbreaking health features, introducing hypertension notifications on Apple Watch Series 9 and later models, developed using large-scale machine learning models Earned over 650 wins and 3,000 nominations in total for Apple TV productions to date, including 22 Emmy Award wins in 2025 8 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Executive Compensation Motivating and retaining an exceptional leadership team is a key factor in enabling of Apple s long-term success. Our executive compensation program is designed to pay for performance and retain strong, values-driven leaders. In 2025, the overall structure of our executive compensation program, consisting of three primary components base salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term equity awards did not change. Aligned with Shareholder Interests 92% 2025 Say on Pay Approval Annual cash incentive opportunities are capped and have challenging goals tied to key financial performance measures representing overall Company performance and profitability Performance-based RSUs generally vest based on Apple s total shareholder return relative to companies in the S P 500 over a three-year performance period Shareholders have an opportunity to cast an advisory say on pay vote each year on the compensation of our named executive officers and indicated strong support for our executive compensation program at the 2025 Annual Meeting For more information on our executive compensation program and the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers, see the section entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 38. Shareholder Engagement We proactively engage with shareholders throughout the year to better understand their priorities and perspectives on significant issues, including Company performance and strategy, executive compensation, corporate governance, risk oversight, and shareholder proposals. Engagement participants include members of senior management and our Board. Apple and its Board consider feedback and insights from shareholders and other stakeholders as we review our programs, practices, and disclosures. 70% of institutional shares held were engaged in calendar year 2025 Annual Meeting Engagement Leading up to our annual meeting, we engage with shareholders to seek feedback on our initiatives, disclosures, and proposals Following our annual meeting, we reach out to investors to better understand their votes Year-round Engagement We speak with proxy advisory firms to discuss our programs and shareholder feedback, and learn about key focus areas for their clients Our quarterly earnings calls provide shareholders with an opportunity to hear about our financial results and corporate strategy Off-season Engagement Throughout the year, we meet with investors to discuss executive compensation, board oversight of enterprise risk management, and broader areas of stakeholder interest 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Nominees to Apple s Board of Directors Apple is overseen by directors with a broad range of skills and experiences to address the Company s evolving needs and represent the best interests of Apple s shareholders. Below are the nominees for election at our Annual Meeting. Name Occupation Independent Age Director Since Audit Committee People and Compensation Committee Nominating Committee Art Levinson Board Chair Founder and CEO, Calico 75 2000 Tim Cook CEO, Apple 65 2011 Wanda Austin Former President and CEO, The Aerospace Corporation 71 2024 Alex Gorsky Former Chair and CEO, Johnson Johnson 65 2021 Andrea Jung President and CEO, Grameen America 67 2008 Monica Lozano Former President and CEO, College Futures Foundation 69 2021 Ron Sugar Former Chair and CEO, Northrop Grumman Corporation 77 2010 Sue Wagner Co-founder and Director, BlackRock 64 2014 Chair Member Nominee Skills and Board Composition The information presented in this chart is based on voluntary self-identification by each nominee. For more information on our nominees, see the section entitled Directors beginning on page 23. 10 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Progress Across our Values At Apple, we lead with our values in the technology we make, the way we make it, and how we treat people and the planet we all share. We believe the best technology should work for everyone, so we build accessibility into all our products from the ground up. That s led to many profound innovations helping our users navigate, communicate, and engage with the world around them. And we ve continued to drive innovations that help our users live healthier lives, including new features like sleep score and hypertension notifications. We also believe privacy is a fundamental human right, and we continue to design our products to protect it from the start. That includes Private Cloud Compute for Apple Intelligence, which extends our on-device security model into the cloud. And it includes tools and resources that empower parents and help kids stay safe online without compromising their privacy. Our values also shape our impact on the communities we re a part of. We work to expand access to education and opportunity with programs like the Apple Developer Academies, which help learners build new skills and prepare for promising careers. We continue to innovate to reduce the environmental impact of our devices including a new 3D-printing process for the titanium cases of Apple Watch that uses 100 percent recycled materials. And we work to foster a culture of collaboration and belonging, where teams come together to innovate and do the best work of their lives. From the technology we make, to the communities we serve, teams at Apple are dedicated to leaving the world better than we found it and making a positive difference in people s lives. 40 years of accessibility innovation at Apple For 40 years, accessibility has been built into the foundation of everything we make. That commitment began in 1985, when Apple established its first office dedicated to accessibility and it continues today across every product we make. This year, we introduced new features that build on that legacy in meaningful ways. The all-new Magnifier for Mac gives users who are blind or have low vision a powerful way to explore the physical world letting them use Mac to zoom in on documents, whiteboards, or nearby objects with adjustable views that make text and images easier to see. And with Braille Access , blind or deaf-blind users can turn iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Apple Vision Pro into a full-featured braille note taker, enabling them to launch apps, access documents, perform calculations, and even transcribe conversations in real-time with Live Captions . These advances along with many others across our ecosystem reflect our belief that technology should work for everyone. We are proud to build products that empower people of all abilities to connect, create, and do more of what they love, and we re committed to pushing accessibility forward for the next 40 years and beyond. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Items of Business and Board Voting Recommendations Proposal Board Recommendation Page Reference 1 Election of Directors All of our directors are elected annually for a one-year term. Our Board is made up of directors with a broad range of skills and experiences to effectively address Apple s evolving needs and represent the best interests of Apple s shareholders. FOR 64 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Ernst Young LLP is an independent auditing firm with the required knowledge and experience to effectively audit Apple s financial statements. Audit and non-audit services are pre-approved by the Audit and Finance Committee. FOR 65 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Our executive compensation program is designed to align pay with shareholder interests and company performance. The compensation paid to our named executive officers in 2025 reflects the strength of our annual financial results and stock price performance. FOR 67 4 Approval of the Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated Our Non-Employee Director Stock Plan is currently set to expire on November 13, 2027. The proposed amendment would extend the term of the Plan to February 23, 2036. FOR 68 5 China Entanglement Audit The requested report is unnecessary given we already provide extensive information on our international operations. The proposal is highly prescriptive and attempts to inappropriately restrict Apple s ability to manage its own ordinary business operations and business strategies. AGAINST 75 12 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Corporate Governance Our Corporate Governance Framework 14 Role of the Board of Directors 15 Board Independence 15 Board and Committee Structure 15 Board Oversight 17 Board Meetings and Attendance 20 Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations 20 Related Party Policy and Transactions 20 Business Conduct Policy 21 Communications with the Board 21 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Our Corporate Governance Framework Apple operates under a corporate governance framework designed to be a flexible working structure for principled actions, effective decision-making, and appropriate monitoring of both compliance and performance. Apple s key governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, are available at investor.apple.com/leadership-and-governance . One share equals one vote We have a single class of shares with equal voting rights. Annual director elections All directors are elected annually for a one-year term. Majority voting We have a majority voting standard for uncontested elections of directors. Separation of Chair and CEO roles Our CEO is focused on managing Apple and our independent Chair drives accountability at the Board level. Stock ownership guidelines We have robust stock ownership guidelines for our directors and executive officers. Shareholder engagement We have a comprehensive year-round shareholder engagement program. Access to management Our Board has significant interaction with senior management and access to other employees. Time commitment policy The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews each director s various time commitments. Financial expertise The Board has determined that each Audit and Finance Committee member qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under SEC rules. Continuing education Our Board regularly receives updates on ethics, compliance, and governance as well as emerging topics relevant to the evolving needs of the Company. Succession planning Our Board regularly reviews Board and executive succession planning. Executive sessions All quarterly Board and committee meetings include executive sessions during which no members of management are present. Board, committee, and individual self-evaluations Our Board, committees, and individual directors conduct annual performance self-evaluations led by our independent Chair, including one-on-one interviews. Prohibitions on hedging, pledging, and other transactions We prohibit short sales, transactions in derivatives, and hedging of Apple securities by directors, executive officers, and employees, and prohibit pledging of Apple securities by directors and executive officers. Special meetings Shareholders owning at least 10% of our outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting of the shareholders. Proxy access Up to 20 shareholders owning at least 3% of our outstanding shares continuously for three years may nominate up to 20% of our Board. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Role of the Board of Directors Apple s Board oversees the CEO and other senior management in the competent and ethical operation of Apple and seeks to ensure that the long-term interests of shareholders are being served. Directors are expected to take a proactive, focused approach to ensure Apple is committed to business success through the maintenance of high standards of responsibility and ethics. Board Independence Apple s Corporate Governance Guidelines require a majority of Board members to be independent. The Board has determined that all Board members, other than Mr. Cook, are independent under applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ). Apple s Board has a standing Audit and Finance Committee (the Audit Committee ), People and Compensation Committee (the People and Compensation Committee ), and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Nominating Committee ). The Board has determined that all committee members are independent under applicable Nasdaq and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules for committee memberships, and that each member of the Audit Committee also meets the additional independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Board and Committee Structure Apple regularly reviews the Board s leadership structure and the responsibilities and composition of its standing committees. The structure and composition of Apple s Board and its committees are intended to leverage the wide range of perspectives of the Board members and promote effective oversight. The Board believes its current leadership structure, in which the roles of Chair and CEO are separated, best serves Apple s overall corporate structure and the Board s ability to carry out its roles and responsibilities on behalf of Apple s shareholders, including its oversight of management and corporate governance matters. The Board also believes that the current structure allows our CEO to focus on managing Apple, while leveraging our independent Chair s experience to drive accountability at the Board level. The current membership and function of each standing committee is described on the following page. Each committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, which is available at investor.apple.com/leadership-and-governance . Each committee reviews and assesses its charter annually. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Audit Committee Ron Sugar (Chair) Wanda Austin Monica Lozano Sue Wagner Nine meetings during 2025 Audit Committee Report: page 80 Primary Responsibilities: Assist the Board in oversight and monitoring of Apple s financial statements and other financial information Oversee compliance with legal, regulatory, and public disclosure requirements Appoint and oversee Apple s independent registered public accounting firm, including their qualifications and independence, and pre-approve fees Oversee Apple s systems of internal controls, including the internal audit function Oversee treasury and finance matters Oversee enterprise risk management Oversee privacy and data security Oversee the auditing, accounting, and financial reporting process People and Compensation Committee Andrea Jung (Chair) Alex Gorsky Art Levinson Five meetings during 2025 People and Compensation Committee Report: page 51 Primary Responsibilities: Review and approve the compensation arrangements for the CEO, Apple s other executive officers and, to the extent it deems appropriate, other employees Administer Apple s equity compensation and other incentive plans Review and make recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of members of the Board and Board committees Assist the Board in its oversight of Apple s strategies, policies, and practices relating to Apple s people and teams Nominating Committee Sue Wagner (Chair) Alex Gorsky Andrea Jung Four meetings during 2025 Primary Responsibilities: Assist the Board on matters relating to the identification, evaluation, and selection of Board members and candidates nominated to the Board Make recommendations to the Board concerning the size, structure, and composition of the Board and its committees Oversee and make recommendations regarding corporate governance matters, including Apple s Corporate Governance Guidelines Assist the Board in its oversight of Apple s strategies, policies, and practices relating to environmental and social matters Oversee the annual Board performance self-evaluation process 16 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Board Oversight The Board takes an active role in overseeing corporate and product strategy and seeks to ensure the long-term interests of Apple and its shareholders are being served. The Board believes that evaluating the executive team s management of the risks confronting Apple is one of its most important areas of oversight. In carrying out this responsibility, the Board is assisted by its committees, each of which considers risks within its areas of primary responsibility and expertise and apprises the full Board of significant matters and management s response. Board of Directors Directly oversees corporate and product strategy, executive succession planning, and other matters reserved to the full Board. Reviews and discusses with management significant risks affecting Apple, including matters escalated by its committees from within their respective areas of direct oversight. Audit Committee Oversees financial matters, business conduct, legal and regulatory compliance, privacy, cybersecurity, and tax matters, and has primary responsibility for assisting the Board with risk oversight. People and Compensation Committee Oversees the design and administration of equity plans and executive compensation programs and policies and has primary responsibility for assisting the Board with oversight of matters relating to Apple s people and teams. Nominating Committee Oversees Board structure, governance, and independence, and has primary responsibility for assisting the Board with oversight of environmental and social matters, including public policy expenditures. Management Led by our CEO and executive team, develops and executes our business strategy, manages operations, implements and supervises day-to-day risk management processes, and reports to the Board and its committees on significant matters. Internal Audit Directly overseen by the Audit Committee and operating pursuant to a charter, which is reviewed and approved annually by the Audit Committee, identifies and helps mitigate risk, and improves internal controls. Enterprise Risk Management Program Designed to identify, assess, and monitor Apple s business risks, including financial, operational, compliance, and reputational risks. Supported by a Risk Oversight Committee, consisting of our Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Head of Business Assurance, and other senior leaders, that assists the Audit Committee with its general responsibility for overseeing enterprise risk management. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Selected Areas of Oversight Board and Executive Succession Planning The Board regularly reviews Board and executive succession planning. The Board considers oversight of executive succession planning to be one of its most critical duties, and it is on the agenda for every regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. With respect to Board succession planning, the Board regularly evaluates its composition in the context of Apple s long-term strategic goals and monitors the Board s mix of skills, backgrounds, and experiences to help ensure that the Board is well-equipped to perform its oversight function effectively. The Nominating Committee is responsible for coordinating and overseeing the annual Board evaluation process, which includes reviewing the skills and qualifications of individual directors, as well as reviewing the Board s structure as a whole to determine if the Board and its committees are functioning effectively. People and Teams The Board oversees matters related to our people and teams, including with respect to inclusion and diversity, culture and employee engagement, talent recruitment, development, and retention, and has allocated direct responsibilities for this area of oversight to the People and Compensation Committee. Additionally, Apple s People and Compensation Committee oversees risks related to Apple s compensation programs. Each year, the People and Compensation Committee evaluates whether the design and operation of Apple s compensation programs or policies encourage our executive officers or our employees to take unnecessary or excessive risks. In establishing and reviewing Apple s compensation programs for risk, the People and Compensation Committee considers program features that mitigate potential risks for our executive officers, such as fixed base salaries; goals that are tied to specific company financial measures and payout caps for the annual cash incentive program; clawbacks for our cash and equity incentives; the quantity and mix of long-term performance-based and time-based equity incentives; and stock ownership requirements. The People and Compensation Committee also generally considers the program features that mitigate potential risks for our non-executive officer employees. In its annual review, the People and Compensation Committee concluded that Apple s executive compensation programs and policies continue to provide an effective and appropriate mix of incentives to help ensure performance is focused on long-term shareholder value creation, and do not encourage short-term risk taking at the expense of long-term results or create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Apple. Compliance and Business Conduct The Audit Committee regularly reviews and discusses with management Apple s compliance and business conduct programs, including through updates on competition, privacy, political compliance, and other legal and regulatory risks. Apple s full Board also receives regular updates on legal and regulatory developments, including updates on legislative developments, government investigations, litigation, and other legal proceedings. 18 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Privacy and Data Security The Audit Committee regularly reviews and discusses with management Apple s privacy and data security risks. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from management, including Apple s Head of Corporate Information Security. Additionally, the Audit Committee reviews updates on privacy and data security matters from Apple s General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, and the heads of Business Assurance and Internal Audit. Apple also has a management Privacy Steering Committee chaired by Apple s General Counsel, with members including Apple s Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, Apple s Senior Vice President, Services, and a cross-functional group of senior representatives from Privacy Engineering, Product Marketing, Corporate Communications, and Privacy Legal. The Privacy Steering Committee sets privacy standards for teams across Apple and acts as an escalation point for addressing privacy compliance issues for decision or further escalation. Online Safety The Board reviews regular updates from management relating to online safety. These updates cover a range of topics, including updates on regulatory and enforcement issues and on features designed to help keep users safe online. Apple also has a management Online Safety Steering Committee chaired by Apple s General Counsel, with members including senior leaders from Software Engineering, Child Safety Engineering, Trust Safety, and Product Marketing. The committee meets regularly and oversees online safety issues across Apple, including those affecting children. Artificial Intelligence Apple s full Board directly oversees corporate and product strategy and receives regular updates on emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence. These updates cover a broad range of matters, such as strategy, investments, partnerships, regulation, and risks. The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of privacy-related artificial intelligence matters, as well as legal and regulatory risks related to artificial intelligence. The Company has published Responsible AI principles, which aim to guide how the Company develops artificial intelligence tools, as well as the models that underpin them. The principles are available at: machinelearning.apple.com/research/introducing-apple-foundation-models . Human Rights The Board has adopted a human rights policy for Apple Our Commitment to Human Rights. The policy governs how we treat everyone, including our customers and teams, business partners and communities, and people at every level of our supply chain. In line with Apple s Human Rights Policy, which is based on the United Nations Guiding Principles, Apple identifies salient human rights risks through risk assessments and through channels we maintain with stakeholders. Apple works to mitigate any risks identified, and seeks to remedy adverse impacts, track and measure progress, and report findings. Additionally, the policy requires Apple to maintain active communication channels with rights holders and other stakeholders. The Board and its committees are responsible for overseeing and periodically reviewing our Human Rights Policy. Apple s General Counsel is responsible for its ongoing implementation, and reports to the Board and its committees on any significant issues identified during the diligence process and Apple s progress. Environment and Climate The Board and its committees review and discuss updates on environmental matters with senior management responsible for the development, review, and execution of plans designed to minimize Apple s impact on the environment. These reports include updates on Apple s progress towards environmental and climate goals and the environmental impact of our products and operations. Apple reports publicly on its efforts and progress across its environmental initiatives through an annual Environmental Progress Report. Supply Chain The Board and its committees review and discuss with management reports regarding Apple s supply chain and operations. These include updates from Apple s Chief Operating Officer on Apple s supply chain management. Apple reports publicly on its efforts and progress in the critical work of protecting people and the planet across its supply chain through an annual People and Environment in Our Supply Chain progress report. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Board Meetings and Attendance The Board met four times during 2025. Each member of the Board who served during 2025 attended or participated in 75% or more of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board held during 2025, and (ii) the total number of meetings held by each committee of the Board on which the member served during 2025. Apple expects all of its directors to attend the Annual Meeting. All directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ). Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation to assess whether the Board, its committees, and each member of the Board are working effectively, and to provide an opportunity to reflect upon and improve processes and effectiveness. The Nominating Committee designs and establishes the overall evaluation framework, and Dr. Levinson, the independent Chair of the Board, leads the evaluation interviews and feedback sessions. Dr. Levinson conducts one-on-one discussions with each director to obtain their assessment of the effectiveness and performance of the Board and its committees. Additional discussion topics include Board and committee composition and refreshment; timing, agendas, and content of Board and committee meetings; Board dynamics and function; peer reviews of other members; and the Board s oversight of executive succession planning. Board members are also invited to discuss the performance of Dr. Levinson directly with the Chair of the Nominating Committee. A summary identifying any themes or issues that have emerged is presented to the Board on an anonymous basis. Each committee conducts its own annual self-evaluation and reports the results to the Board. Each committee s evaluation includes an assessment of the committee s compliance with Apple s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the committee s charter. Related Party Policy and Transactions The Board has adopted a written policy for approval of transactions between Apple and its directors, director nominees, executive officers, greater than 5% beneficial owners of Apple s common stock or any other class of Apple s equity securities, and each of their respective immediate family members, where the amount involved in the transaction exceeds or is reasonably expected to exceed $120,000 in a single fiscal year and the related party has or will have a direct or indirect interest in the transaction (other than solely as a result of being a director or less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A copy of this policy is available at investor.apple.com/leadership-and-governance . The policy provides that the Audit Committee must review transactions subject to the policy and determine whether to approve or ratify those transactions. Certain types of transactions are deemed pre-approved pursuant to standing pre-approval guidelines established by the Audit Committee. In addition, the Audit Committee has delegated authority to its Chair to pre-approve or ratify transactions under certain circumstances. A summary of new transactions covered by standing pre-approvals or transactions approved or ratified by the Chair of the Audit Committee, if any, is provided to the Audit Committee for its review. In reviewing transactions subject to the policy, the Audit Committee or the Chair of the Audit Committee, as applicable, considers (as it deems appropriate for the circumstances): The nature and extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; The approximate dollar value involved in the transaction; The approximate dollar value of the related person s interest in the transaction without regard to the amount of any profit or loss; Whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of Apple s business; The material terms of the transaction, including whether the transaction with the related person is proposed to be, or was entered into, on terms no less favorable to Apple than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party; 20 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information The business purpose of, and the potential benefits to Apple of, the transaction; Whether the transaction would impair the independence of a non-employee director; Required public disclosure, if any; and Any other information regarding the transaction or the related person in the context of the proposed transaction that would be material to the Audit Committee s decision, in its business judgment, in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction. Several of Apple s Board members and executive officers serve as directors or executive officers of other organizations, including organizations with which Apple has commercial and charitable relationships. Apple does not believe that any director had a direct or indirect material interest in any such relationships during 2025 and through the date of this Proxy Statement. A family member of our former Chief Operating Officer is employed by Apple and received total compensation in excess of $120,000 for the period from the beginning of fiscal year 2025 through the date of the filing of this Proxy Statement. The family member s compensation was established by Apple in accordance with our compensation practices applicable to employees with comparable qualifications and responsibilities and holding similar positions. Business Conduct Policy Apple seeks to conduct business ethically, honestly, and in compliance with applicable laws. Apple s code of ethics, entitled Business Conduct: The way we do business, sets out the principles that guide Apple s business practices honesty, respect, confidentiality, and compliance. The code applies to all employees, including Apple s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. Relevant sections of the code also apply to the Board. Apple expects its suppliers, contractors, consultants, and other business partners to follow the principles set forth in the code when providing goods and services to Apple or acting on its behalf. The code is available at apple.com/compliance/pdfs/Business-Conduct-Policy.pdf . Apple intends to disclose any changes to or waivers from this code by posting to our website if disclosure is required by SEC or Nasdaq rules. Apple s code is managed by the Business Conduct organization, under the oversight of Apple s Chief Compliance Officer. Employees are required to complete training on the code upon joining Apple and annually thereafter. With input from relevant stakeholders and executive leadership, we regularly review and update Apple s code and related policies to ensure they provide clear, actionable guidance to our employees, executive officers, and directors. Additionally, Apple has an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of Apple s securities that applies to all Apple personnel, including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. Apple also follows procedures for the repurchase of its securities. We believe our insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to Apple. A copy of Apple s insider trading policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2024. Communications with the Board Any matter intended for the Board, or for any individual member of the Board, should be directed to Apple s Secretary at One Apple Park Way, MS: 927-4GC, Cupertino, CA 95014 USA, with a request to forward the communication to the intended recipient. In general, any shareholder communication delivered to Apple for forwarding to Board members will be forwarded in accordance with the shareholder s instructions. Apple reserves the right to not forward to Board members any abusive, threatening, or otherwise inappropriate materials. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Directors Board Composition and Evaluation of Candidates 24 Nominees for Election 25 Compensation of Directors 31 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Board Composition and Evaluation of Candidates Board Composition Apple s Board consists of a highly qualified group of leaders from a broad range of fields and backgrounds. All of our directors have senior leadership experience at large domestic or multinational companies. In these positions, they have gained significant and varied management experience, including in the areas of strategic and financial planning, public company financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. They also have in-depth experience serving at public companies as executive officers, or on boards of directors and board committees, and a robust understanding of corporate governance practices and trends. In addition, many of our directors have experience as directors or trustees of significant public policy, academic, research, non-profit, and philanthropic institutions, and bring the benefit of these perspectives to the Board. The Board and the Nominating Committee believe the skills and experiences of our directors provide Apple with business acumen and a broad range of perspectives to effectively address Apple s evolving needs, oversee senior management in the competent and ethical operation of Apple, and represent the best interests of Apple s shareholders. Evaluation of Candidates The Board regularly evaluates its composition in the context of Apple s long-term strategic goals. When considering candidates for election, the Board assesses each nominee s skills, backgrounds, experiences, and contributions in light of the Board s and the Company s evolving needs. Over the past four years, the Board has added three new members, representing over one-third of its membership, and two other, long-serving members retired. In the context of this year s Annual Meeting nominations, the Board determined that it would be in the best interests of Apple and its shareholders to ask Art Levinson, the Chair of the Board, and Ron Sugar, the Chair of the Audit Committee, to stand for re-election, and to waive for each of them its guideline under which directors generally may not stand for re-election after attaining age 75. In making this determination, the Board considered several factors, including the significant experience and expertise that each of Dr. Levinson and Dr. Sugar brings to the Board, their deep insight into the Company s business and operations, and their individual contributions as highly engaged members of the Board. The Board also considered the benefits of continuity among the Board s leadership positions. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require an annual review by the Nominating Committee of each director s various time commitments, including their primary occupation, service on other public company boards and board committees, leadership positions on other boards, as well as service with private company boards and non-profit organizations. Following its review in November 2025, the Nominating Committee determined that, in its view, no director currently has time commitments that would prevent them from properly discharging their duties as directors. The Nominating Committee has evaluated and recommended to the full Board each of the nominees named in this Proxy Statement for election to the Board. 24 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Nominee Selection Process The Nominating Committee oversees board succession planning and recruitment of potential candidates. The Nominating Committee considers candidates who are recommended by the Committee s members, other Board members, shareholders, and management, as well as those identified by third-party search firms retained to assist in identifying and evaluating possible candidates. In evaluating potential nominees to the Board, the Nominating Committee considers, among other things: independence, character, ability to exercise sound judgment, demonstrated leadership, ability and willingness to commit sufficient time to the Board, and relevant skills, backgrounds, and experiences in the context of the evolving needs and overall composition of the Board. The Nominating Committee is committed to including individuals with a broad range of skills, backgrounds, and experiences in the pool of candidates from which nominees to the Board are selected. The Nominating Committee evaluates candidates recommended by shareholders using the same criteria it applies to evaluate other candidates. Shareholders who wish to recommend a director candidate should submit the candidate s name and background information in writing to our Secretary at One Apple Park Way, MS: 927-4GC, Cupertino, CA 95014 USA. In addition, the proxy access provisions in our bylaws provide that a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning at least 3% of our outstanding shares continuously for at least three years, may nominate director nominees constituting up to 20% of Apple s Board for inclusion in our proxy statement. Nominating shareholders and nominees must satisfy the requirements set forth in our bylaws, which can be found at investor.apple.com/leadership-and-governance . Any notice of director nomination submitted to Apple other than through proxy access must include the additional information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. Nominees for Election The matrix on the following page highlights the mix of key skills and experiences of the nominees that, among other factors, led the Board and the Nominating Committee to recommend these nominees for election to the Board. The matrix is intended to depict notable areas of focus for each director based on the current composition of the Board, and not having a mark does not mean that a particular director does not possess that qualification or skill. Nominees have developed competencies in these skills through education, direct experience, and oversight responsibilities. The Nominating Committee assesses the directors mix of skills on an annual basis. Additional biographical information on each nominee is set out starting on page 27. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Nominee Skills Levinson Cook Austin Gorsky Jung Lozano Sugar Wagner Core Leadership Experience serving in a significant leadership position, including as a chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or other senior leadership role, equips directors with valuable insight into organizational behavior and processes and a deep understanding of the various aspects of modern organizations, including strategic planning, financial reporting, compliance, values, and culture. Corporate Governance Experience on public company boards promotes an understanding of the dynamics and operation of a corporate board and its relationship with the chief executive officer and other senior management, as well as deep knowledge of corporate governance practices and policies and an appreciation of how they can impact Apple. Risk Management Experience identifying, managing, or mitigating risks develops a director s ability to effectively oversee Apple s risk management. Financial Knowledge of financial markets, financing, and financial reporting processes helps our directors understand and oversee our financial position, results of operations, and related financial reporting, as well as our broader financing activities and capital structure. Strategic People and Culture Because Apple operates in a competitive talent market, directors with experience managing people and teams, including recruitment, retention, development, compensation, and incentivization of key talent, provide strategic value in overseeing these areas and in determining compensation for our CEO and other senior leaders. Global Business and Operations Experience in global business and operations, including exposure to global business cultures, consumer preferences, and economic, regulatory, and political conditions, helps directors oversee Apple s global footprint and complex supply chain. Innovation and Technology Directors with an understanding of innovation and technology, through experience in technology-related businesses or driving scientific innovation, are strategically equipped to oversee Apple s innovation-focused product and services roadmap. Brand and Marketing Experience with the marketing and branding of products, building brand awareness, and enhancing corporate reputation can help directors successfully guide and advise management and oversee related efforts. Privacy and Security At Apple, we believe privacy is a fundamental human right. Directors with experience in information security, data privacy, and cybersecurity are uniquely qualified to oversee our product and services roadmap, as well as privacy and cybersecurity risks. Public Policy and Government Experience in government relations, regulatory matters, or regulated industries provides a valuable perspective as Apple operates in an increasingly regulated global environment. Environment and Climate At Apple, we believe business can and should be a force for good. Directors with experience leading efforts to mitigate environmental impacts are well qualified to oversee our environmental programs and product development. 26 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Art Levinson Chair of the Board Director since 2000 People and Compensation Committee Key Skills and Qualifications Art Levinson brings to the Board executive leadership experience, including through his service as a chairman and chief executive officer of a large international public company, along with extensive financial expertise and brand marketing experience. Through his experiences at biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, he also brings significant expertise in the health sector and technology and innovation. Career Highlights Dr. Levinson, 75, has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Calico, a company focused on health, aging, and well-being, since September 2013. Dr. Levinson previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Genentech, Inc., a medical drug developer, from July 1995 to April 2009, and served as Genentech s Chairman from September 1999 to September 2014. Dr. Levinson also serves on the Board of Directors of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard and on the Board of Scientific Consultants at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. Dr. Levinson was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation, the nation s highest honor for achievement and leadership in advancing the fields of science and technology, and the Biotechnology Heritage Award from the Biotechnology Industry Organization and the Chemical Heritage Foundation. Dr. Levinson has been inducted into the Biotech Hall of Fame. Other Public Company Boards: None Tim Cook Chief Executive Officer Director since 2011 Key Skills and Qualifications Tim Cook brings to the Board extensive executive leadership experience in the technology industry, including the management of worldwide operations, sales, service, and support. Career Highlights Mr. Cook, 65, has served as Apple s Chief Executive Officer since 2011, having previously served as Apple s Chief Operating Officer from October 2005. Mr. Cook joined Apple in March 1998 and served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Operations from February 2002 to October 2005. From October 2000 to February 2002, Mr. Cook served as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations, Sales, Service and Support. From March 1998 to October 2000, Mr. Cook served as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations. Mr. Cook serves on the Board of Directors of The National Football Foundation College Hall of Fame, Inc., the Board of Trustees of Duke University, and on the Leadership Council for the Malala Fund, an international non-profit organization that advocates for girls education. Other Public Company Boards: Current: NIKE, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Wanda Austin Director since 2024 Audit Committee Key Skills and Qualifications Wanda Austin brings to the Board executive leadership experience through her service as president and chief executive officer of a large research and development organization, significant expertise in advanced technology and innovation, experience with environment, cybersecurity, and public policy, and a global business perspective from her service on other boards. Career Highlights Dr. Austin, 71, is the retired President and Chief Executive Officer of The Aerospace Corporation, an independent, non-profit organization performing objective technical analyses and assessments for a variety of government, civil, and commercial customers, operating the only federally funded research and development center committed exclusively to the space enterprise. Dr. Austin served in this role from January 2008 until October 2016. Dr. Austin joined The Aerospace Corporation in 1979, serving in various positions of increasing responsibility. Dr. Austin is also a Member of the National Academy of Engineering and is a co-founder of MakingSpace, Inc., a leadership and science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) consulting firm. Dr. Austin was the Interim President of the University of Southern California from 2018 to 2019 and has served on the American Energy Innovation Council since 2017. Dr. Austin also served on the Defense Policy Board from 2017 to 2019, the President s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology from 2015 to 2017, the Defense Science Board from 2009 to 2017, and the NASA Advisory Council from 2005 to 2007 and 2014 to 2016. Other Public Company Boards: Current: Amgen Inc.; Chevron Corporation Within Last Five Years: Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. Alex Gorsky Director since 2021 Nominating Committee People and Compensation Committee Key Skills and Qualifications Alex Gorsky brings to the Board executive leadership experience, as well as brand marketing expertise and extensive experience in the fields of health and technology through his service as a chairman and chief executive officer of a large international public company. Career Highlights Mr. Gorsky, 65, is the retired Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of Johnson Johnson, a global healthcare products company. Mr. Gorsky served as Executive Chairman from January 2022 to January 2023, having previously served as CEO from April 2012 and Chair of the Board from December 2012. Mr. Gorsky joined Johnson Johnson in 1988, serving in various positions of increasing responsibility. In 2004, Mr. Gorsky left Johnson Johnson to join Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, where he served as head of its pharmaceutical business in North America, before returning to Johnson Johnson in 2008. Mr. Gorsky is the co-founder of Alderline Group and a General Partner at ICONIQ Capital. Mr. Gorsky serves on the boards of the Travis Manion Foundation, a non-profit organization that empowers veterans to develop character in future generations, and The Cleveland Clinic. Mr. Gorsky also serves on the Board of Advisors at the Wharton School. Mr. Gorsky is the recipient of the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Ripple of Hope Award, and the Prix Galien Roy Vagelos Pro Bono Humanum Award. Other Public Company Boards: Current: International Business Machines Corporation; JPMorgan Chase Co. Within Last Five Years: Johnson Johnson 28 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Andrea Jung Director since 2008 Nominating Committee People and Compensation Committee (Chair) Key Skills and Qualifications Andrea Jung brings to the Board executive leadership experience, a global business perspective, and extensive brand marketing and consumer products experience, including through her service as a chair and chief executive officer of a large international public company and her service on other boards. Career Highlights Ms. Jung, 67, has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Grameen America LLC, a non-profit microfinance organization helping women who live in poverty build small businesses, since April 2014. Ms. Jung previously served as Executive Chairman of Avon Products, Inc., a personal care products company, from April 2012 to December 2012, and as Chairman of the Board of Avon from September 2001 to April 2012. Ms. Jung served as Chief Executive Officer of Avon from November 1999 to April 2012, and served as a member of Avon s Board from January 1998 to December 2012. Ms. Jung also serves on the Board of Rockefeller Capital Management. Other Public Company Boards: Current: Wayfair Inc. Within Last Five Years: Unilever PLC Monica Lozano Director since 2021 Audit Committee Key Skills and Qualifications Monica Lozano brings to the Board executive leadership experience, and experience in operations, strategic planning, media and marketing, including through her service as a board chair and chief executive officer, and a global business perspective from her service on other boards. Career Highlights Ms. Lozano, 69, is the retired President and Chief Executive Officer of the College Futures Foundation, a charitable foundation working to increase the rate of college graduation for low-income California students. Ms. Lozano served in this role from December 2017 to August 2022. Ms. Lozano also co-founded The Aspen Institute Latinos and Society Program and served as Chair of its Advisory Board from January 2015 to October 2019. Her career in media spanned more than 30 years, including as Chair of the Board of Directors of U.S. Hispanic Media, Inc., the parent company of ImpreMedia, a national Hispanic news and information company, from June 2014 to January 2016, and as Chair of ImpreMedia from July 2012 to January 2016 and Chief Executive Officer from May 2010 to May 2014. She also served as Publisher of La Opini n from 2004 to May 2014 and Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to July 2012. Ms. Lozano serves on the Board of the Weingart Foundation, a private grantmaking foundation advancing racial, social, and economic justice in Southern California, and is a Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Other Public Company Boards: Current: Bank of America Corporation; Target Corporation 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Ron Sugar Director since 2010 Audit Committee (Chair) Key Skills and Qualifications Ron Sugar brings to the Board executive leadership experience as a chairman and chief executive officer of a large international public company, financial expertise as a former chief financial officer, experience in worldwide operations, understanding of advanced technology, experience with government relations and public policy, and a global business perspective from his tenure at global companies and his service on other boards. Career Highlights Dr. Sugar, 77, is the retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Northrop Grumman Corporation, a global security company. Dr. Sugar served in this role from April 2003 to June 2010 and served as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2001 to 2003. Before joining Northrop Grumman, he held executive positions at Litton Industries and TRW Inc., where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Sugar serves on the Board of Trustees of the University of Southern California and on the Board of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association. Dr. Sugar was elected as a member of the National Academy of Engineering for major contributions to advanced space communication systems and leadership in aerospace innovation. Other Public Company Boards: Current: Uber Technologies, Inc. Within Last Five Years: Amgen Inc.; Chevron Corporation Sue Wagner Director since 2014 Audit Committee Nominating Committee (Chair) Key Skills and Qualifications Sue Wagner brings to the Board operational experience and a global business perspective, including through her service as chief operating officer of a large multinational public company, as well as her service on other boards. Ms. Wagner also brings extensive financial expertise and experience in the highly regulated financial services industry. Career Highlights Ms. Wagner, 64, is a co-founder of BlackRock, Inc., an asset management company. Ms. Wagner served as BlackRock s Vice Chair from January 2006 until her retirement in July 2012, and also served as a member of BlackRock s Global Executive Committee and Global Operating Committee. During her tenure at BlackRock, Ms. Wagner served as BlackRock s Chief Operating Officer and Head of Corporate Strategy, and led the alternative investments and international client businesses. Ms. Wagner also serves on the Board of Directors of Color Health, Inc., a privately held health technology company. Other Public Company Boards: Current: BlackRock, Inc.; Samsara Inc. Within Last Five Years: Swiss Re Ltd. 30 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Compensation of Directors Members of the Board who are not Apple employees ( Non-Employee Directors ) receive compensation for their service on the Board. As an Apple employee, Mr. Cook, our CEO, does not receive compensation for his service on the Board. The People and Compensation Committee annually reviews the total compensation of our Non-Employee Directors and each element of our Non-Employee Director compensation program. As part of this process, the People and Compensation Committee evaluates market data provided by its independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance LLC ( Pay Governance ), and makes a recommendation to the Board. The Board determines the form and amount of Non-Employee Director compensation after reviewing the People and Compensation Committee s recommendation. The Apple Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Plan (the Director Plan ) has an annual limit of $1.5 million for all compensation paid or granted to a Non-Employee Director for service on the Board. Cash Retainers Our Non-Employee Directors receive an annual cash retainer of $100,000. In 2025, the Chair of the Board, Dr. Levinson, received an additional cash retainer of $175,000; the Chair of the Audit Committee, Dr. Sugar, received an additional cash retainer of $45,000; the Chair of the People and Compensation Committee, Ms. Jung, received an additional cash retainer of $40,000; and the Chair of the Nominating Committee, Ms. Wagner, received an additional cash retainer of $35,000. All retainers are paid in quarterly installments. Equity-Based Awards A substantial portion of each Non-Employee Director s annual retainer is in the form of equity awards. Under the Director Plan, Non-Employee Directors are granted restricted stock units ( RSUs ) on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders (each, an Annual Director Award ). All Annual Director Awards vest on February 1 of the following year, subject to continued service on the Board through the vesting date. In 2025, the Director Plan was amended to increase the Annual Director Award value to $310,000. At Dr. Levinson s request, the Board maintained his Annual Director Award at $275,000. With the exception of Dr. Levinson, the number of RSUs underlying each Annual Director Award for each Non-Employee Director in 2025 was 1,255, which was determined by dividing $310,000 by the per share closing price of Apple s common stock on the grant date, rounded to the nearest whole share. Dr. Levinson s Annual Director Award was determined by dividing $275,000 by the per share closing price of Apple s common stock on the grant date, rounded to the nearest whole share. A Non-Employee Director who is newly appointed to the Board other than in connection with an annual meeting of shareholders will receive a grant of RSUs upon appointment (an Initial Director Award ), except that a Non-Employee Director who first joins the Board on or after February 1 of a particular year and prior to the annual meeting for that year, or a director who was an employee of Apple immediately prior to first becoming a Non-Employee Director, will not receive an Initial Director Award. The number of RSUs subject to each Initial Director Award is determined in the same manner as described above for Annual Director Awards, but the award is pro-rated based on the portion of the vesting period that has passed since the last annual meeting. Initial Director Awards are scheduled to vest on the next February 1 following the grant of the award, subject to continued service on the Board through the vesting date. Each RSU award granted under the Director Plan is credited with an amount equal to any ordinary dividend paid by Apple, multiplied by the total number of RSUs subject to the award that are outstanding immediately prior to the record date for the dividend. The amounts credited to each RSU are referred to as dividend equivalents. Any dividend equivalents credited to RSUs granted under the Director Plan are subject to the same vesting, payment, and other terms and conditions as the RSUs to which the dividend equivalents relate. The dividend equivalents are meant to treat the RSU award holders consistently with shareholders. Equipment and Other Business-Related Programs Apple has an equipment program for the Board under which each Non-Employee Director is eligible to receive, upon request and free of charge, one of each new product introduced by Apple, and is eligible to purchase additional equipment at a discount. Each Non-Employee Director is also eligible to participate in Apple s matching gifts program to the same extent as Apple employees. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Deferred Compensation Plan We maintain the Apple Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ), under which eligible participants, including our Non-Employee Directors, may elect to defer a portion of their eligible compensation, subject to the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Deferred Compensation Plan is unfunded and unsecured. We do not provide any matching contributions under the Deferred Compensation Plan or allow for deferral of RSUs. Ms. Lozano deferred a portion of her fees earned into the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2025. Stock Ownership Guidelines Apple has stock ownership guidelines for our CEO, executive officers, and Non-Employee Directors. Under the guidelines, each Non-Employee Director is expected, within five years after joining the Board, to own shares of Apple s common stock that have a value equal to five times their annual cash retainer for serving as a director. Shares may be owned directly by the individual, owned jointly with, or separately by, the individual s spouse, or held in trust for the benefit of the individual, the individual s spouse, or the individual s children. Other than Dr. Austin, who joined the Board in 2024, each Non-Employee Director currently owns shares of Apple s common stock that have a value at least equal to five times their annual cash retainer. Director Compensation 2025 The following table shows information regarding the compensation earned or paid during 2025 to Non-Employee Directors who served on the Board during the year. Mr. Cook s compensation is shown in the table entitled Summary Compensation Table 2025, 2024, and 2023 and the related tables under the section entitled Executive Compensation. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) All Other Compensation ($) (2) Total ($) Wanda Austin 100,000 310,035 2,815 412,850 Alex Gorsky 100,000 310,035 6,457 416,492 Andrea Jung 140,000 310,035 7,985 458,020 Art Levinson 275,000 274,956 7,275 557,231 Monica Lozano 100,000 (3) 310,035 2,921 412,956 Ron Sugar 145,000 310,035 16,248 471,283 Sue Wagner 135,000 310,035 338 445,373 (1) In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts shown reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors during 2025, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( FASB ASC 718 ). The grant date fair value for RSUs is measured based on the closing price of Apple s common stock on the date of grant. Each Non-Employee Director serving on the Board on February 25, 2025, received an Annual Director Award with a grant date fair value for each RSU of $247.04. Dr. Levinson received an Annual Director Award of 1,113 RSUs and each other Non-Employee Director received an Annual Director Award of 1,255 RSUs. As of September 27, 2025, Dr. Levinson held 1,113 unvested RSUs and each other Non-Employee Director held 1,255 unvested RSUs. (2) The amounts shown reflect the value of one or more products received under the Board s equipment program during the fiscal year. The amounts also include matching charitable contributions under Apple s matching gifts program of $10,000 for Dr. Sugar and $5,479 for Ms. Jung. (3) Ms. Lozano deferred $750.00 of her 2025 fees into the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2025. 32 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Executive Officers 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Kate Adams Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Ms. Adams, 61, oversees all of Apple s legal matters, including corporate governance, intellectual property, litigation, compliance, global security, and privacy. Kate joined Apple as General Counsel in November 2017. Prior to joining Apple, Kate served as General Counsel of Honeywell International Inc., a diversified technology and manufacturing company, from September 2008. Prior to joining Honeywell in 2003, Kate was a partner at the law firm of Sidley Austin LLP. Sabih Khan Chief Operating Officer Mr. Khan, 59, oversees Apple s entire worldwide operations, environmental and social initiatives, as well as AppleCare customer service and support. Sabih leads the team in charge of Apple s global supply chain, ensuring product quality, and overseeing planning, procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and product fulfillment functions, as well as Apple s supply chain innovation programs that protect and educate workers at supplier facilities around the world. Sabih also oversees teams focused on Apple s environmental and social initiatives, accessibility and artificial intelligence data operations. As the leader of AppleCare, Sabih also leads the dedicated teams that help customers navigate any service and support they need for all of their Apple products and services. Sabih joined Apple in August 1995 and assumed his current position in July 2025. Sabih s previous positions at Apple include Senior Vice President, Operations and Vice President, Product Operations. Prior to joining Apple, Sabih worked at GE Plastics. Deirdre O Brien Senior Vice President, Retail + People Ms. O Brien, 59, oversees Apple s retail stores and online teams, and Apple s People team. As the leader of Apple s retail and online teams, Deirdre supports their work to enrich the lives of millions of Apple customers every year. In her role as the leader of the People team, Deirdre is dedicated to helping everyone at Apple do the best work of their lives, build on the Company s special culture, and achieve their full potential. Deirdre joined Apple in July 1988 and assumed her current position in October 2024, having previously served in the role from February 2019 to May 2023. Deirdre s previous positions with Apple include Senior Vice President, Retail; Vice President, People; and Vice President, Operations. Kevan Parekh Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Parekh, 54, oversees Apple s accounting, business support, financial planning and analysis, treasury, investor relations, internal audit, and tax functions. Kevan joined Apple in June 2013 and assumed his current position in January 2025. Kevan s previous positions at Apple include Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis and Vice President, Worldwide Finance for Sales, Marketing, and Retail. Prior to joining Apple, Kevan held various senior leadership roles at Thomson Reuters and General Motors. 34 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Executive Compensation Message from the People and Compensation Committee 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 People and Compensation Committee Report 51 Executive Compensation Tables 52 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Andrea Jung (Chair) Alex Gorsky Art Levinson Message from the People and Compensation Committee Dear Fellow Shareholders, On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your investment in Apple, and for your support of its leadership, its people, and its mission of enriching lives through its products and services. Apple is constantly raising the bar on excellence in innovation, and our leaders continue to deliver outstanding results. For our part, the People and Compensation Committee remains focused on supporting Apple s world class leadership team in guiding the Company s success. In addition, the People and Compensation Committee maintains its oversight of Apple s executive compensation program, built to reward leaders for their strong performance and acumen navigating an ever-changing business environment. That includes Apple s Chief Executive Officer, Tim Cook, whose remarkable leadership has been instrumental in Apple s track record of success and unmatched innovation on behalf of its users. As a committee, we re charged with ensuring that the compensation of Apple s CEO reflects this exceptional record. As we ve previously communicated, we intend to set Tim s compensation between the 80th and 90th percentiles of target CEO pay at Apple s peer companies relative to the company s size, scope, and success, and his 2025 compensation once again falls within this targeted range. Our shareholders have overwhelmingly approved of this approach, as demonstrated by the support for Apple s Say on Pay proposal at the 2025 Annual Meeting. As always, we value shareholder feedback, and we appreciate the continued shareholder support of Apple and its vital work of empowering people through technology and, in doing so, enriching their lives. Sincerely, Andrea Jung Alex Gorsky Art Levinson 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) explains the guiding principles, policies, and practices upon which our executive compensation program is based and the 2025 compensation paid to our named executive officers. Summary of Named Executive Officer Compensation 2025 was an extraordinary year with an all-time revenue record of $416.2 billion with growth in iPhone, Mac, iPad, and Services, and all-time records in the vast majority of markets we track. Guided by our exceptional leadership team, we strive to give the best to our users, and we re continuing to invest in innovation and user experiences that will transform our future. Motivating and retaining an exceptional leadership team is a key factor in enabling Apple s long-term success. Our executive compensation program is designed to retain strong, values-driven leaders. We have clear guiding principles and sound compensation policies and practices that align the pay of our named executive officers with the Company s financial performance and shareholder returns, taking into consideration the size, scope, and success of Apple s business. Our 2025 named executive officers include Kevan Parekh and Sabih Khan for the first time. Mr. Parekh and Mr. Khan transitioned into the roles of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, respectively, during 2025 as part of planned transitions for these roles. Mr. Parekh previously served as Apple s Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis and joined the executive team in January 2025. Mr. Khan previously served as Apple s Senior Vice President of Operations, and joined the executive team in 2019. Our 2025 Named Executive Officers Tim Cook Chief Executive Officer Kevan Parekh Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Kate Adams Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Sabih Khan Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Luca Maestri Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Deirdre O Brien Senior Vice President, Retail + People The compensation paid to our named executive officers in 2025 reflects their contributions to Apple s success and continues to demonstrate alignment with Apple s strong financial results and the interests of our shareholders. The vast majority of our named executive officers compensation is at-risk and delivered through short-term cash incentives and long-term equity awards. The performance-based RSU awards that vested in 2025 reflect Apple s strong stock price performance for the period from the start of 2022 through the end of 2024. Apple s total shareholder return relative to other companies in the S P 500 ( Relative TSR ) was at the 81.20th percentile for this performance period. As a result, in 2025, our named executive officers with performance-based RSUs granted in 2022 vested in 187% of the target performance-based RSUs. We also reported net sales of $416.2 billion and operating income results of $133.1 billion for 2025, resulting in a maximum payout for each of our named executive officers under the Apple Inc. Executive Cash Incentive Plan (the Cash Incentive Plan ). Say on Pay Advisory Vote Results At the 2025 Annual Meeting, 92% of votes cast on the Say on Pay advisory proposal were in favor of our executive compensation program, demonstrating significant shareholder support for the overall structure of our executive compensation program and the compensation paid to our named executive officers for 2024. The People and Compensation Committee considered this strong shareholder support and did not make any changes to the overall structure of our executive compensation program and maintained Mr. Cook s total target compensation between the 80th to 90th percentile range of target CEO pay at our 2025 primary peer companies given our relative size, scope, and success. 38 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Executive Compensation Policies and Practices We are committed to sound executive compensation policies and practices, as highlighted in the following table. Prohibition on hedging, pledging, and short sales We prohibit short sales, transactions in derivatives, hedging, and pledging of Apple securities by our named executive officers. Stock ownership guidelines We have robust stock ownership guidelines for our named executive officers, including a ten times annual base salary requirement for our CEO. Compensation recoupment policies We have a policy for the recovery of any erroneously awarded performance-based incentive compensation, as required under Section 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, we maintain a discretionary recoupment policy applicable to our named executive officers and our broader executive team that allows for recovery of annual cash incentives, time and performance-based equity awards, or other amounts that may be paid with respect to awards in certain events, including for certain acts of misconduct by our named executive officers. No repricing We do not allow repricing of stock options without shareholder approval. Limited perquisites We provide limited perquisites to our named executive officers. For example, for security and efficiency purposes, Mr. Cook is provided personal security protection and is required by the Board to use private aircraft for all business and personal travel. No tax gross-ups on perquisites We do not provide tax gross-ups for the limited perquisites provided to our named executive officers. No change of control payments We do not provide change of control payments or gross-ups of related excise taxes. Vesting requirements for dividend equivalents Dividend equivalents will not be paid unless and until the vesting and performance conditions for the underlying equity award are met. At-will employment Our named executive officers do not have employment contracts and are employed at will. No pension or other supplemental benefits We do not provide pension, supplemental executive health, or insurance benefits. Annual compensation risk assessment The People and Compensation Committee oversees an annual risk assessment of our compensation program. Independent compensation consultant The People and Compensation Committee directly retains an independent compensation consultant that performs no services for Apple other than services for the People and Compensation Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Guiding Compensation Principles Our executive compensation program is designed to motivate and reward outstanding financial performance, retain talented, values-driven leaders, and promote teamwork in a straightforward and effective way. Our clear guiding principles and sound compensation policies and practices align the pay of our named executive officers with Company performance, taking into consideration the size, scope, and success of Apple s business. Team-Based Approach We apply a unique team-based approach to the compensation of our named executive officers to emphasize their shared responsibility for Apple s overall success. This approach recognizes the exceptional experience, leadership, and value each of our named executive officers contributes to Apple s leadership team, with CEO compensation awarded at a higher level to reflect the additional scope and complexity of that role. Performance Expectations The vast majority of our executive pay is tied to Apple s financial performance to ensure alignment with the long-term interests of shareholders. Each year, we establish clear, quantitative financial goals for our named executive officers that are intended to drive Apple s overall success. Emphasis on Long-Term Equity Awards We emphasize long-term performance, retention, and alignment between the interests of our named executive officers and those of our shareholders by allocating a significant portion of our named executive officers compensation to long-term equity awards. Performance-based RSUs reward long-term TSR out-performance relative to other companies. Time-based RSUs are also an important component of long-term equity awards because they promote stability and retention of our exceptional leadership team while vesting over a longer time frame of approximately 4.5 years. People and Compensation Committee Considerations When Setting Executive Compensation Managing Apple for the long term Aligning pay with performance Retaining exceptional, values-driven leaders Considering shareholder interests and feedback Maintaining Apple s unique team-based approach Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process Establishing appropriate compensation and incentive opportunities for our named executive officers is a core responsibility of the People and Compensation Committee. The People and Compensation Committee consists entirely of independent directors who review and approve the compensation and incentives of Apple s named executive officers each year. It also administers Apple s employee stock plans. The People and Compensation Committee may delegate its authority under its charter to Apple s officers or employees, or any of its individual members, except to the extent otherwise prohibited by SEC or Nasdaq rules, or other applicable laws. The People and Compensation Committee s authority to grant discretionary equity awards under our employee stock plans or to take any other action with respect to equity awards (other than the performance of ministerial duties) may not be delegated to Apple s management or others. 40 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information The Role of the Compensation Consultant The People and Compensation Committee selects and retains the services of its own independent compensation consultant and annually reviews the consultant s performance. As part of the review process, the People and Compensation Committee considers the independence of the consultant in accordance with SEC and Nasdaq rules. During 2025, the People and Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, Pay Governance, provided no services to Apple other than services for the People and Compensation Committee and worked with Apple s management, as directed by the People and Compensation Committee, only on matters for which the People and Compensation Committee is responsible. At the People and Compensation Committee s request, Pay Governance regularly attends the People and Compensation Committee meetings. Pay Governance also communicates with the members of the People and Compensation Committee outside committee meetings regarding matters related to the People and Compensation Committee s responsibilities. In 2025, the People and Compensation Committee generally sought input from Pay Governance on Apple s compensation programs, including: external market factors; shareholder engagement; overall compensation program design; evolving compensation trends; appropriate market reference points; and market compensation data. Pay Governance also consulted with the People and Compensation Committee regarding the amount and form of compensation for our CEO and other named executive officers. Role of Peer Groups The People and Compensation Committee reviews and approves the composition of a primary peer group each year to serve as the market reference point for compensation opportunity comparison purposes, to inform its decision-making process, and to set total target compensation levels that it believes are competitive and commensurate with Apple s relative size, scope, and success. Apple remains significantly larger than most other companies with $416.2 billion in revenue for 2025 and market capitalization of $3.8 trillion, as of the last trading day of 2025. This was approximately seven times the market capitalization and five times the revenue of the median peer companies in our 2025 peer group, which were $512.7 billion for market capitalization and $77.2 billion for revenue, respectively. Market Capitalization Revenue Market capitalization for our primary peers is the amount reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of September 26, 2025, the last trading day of 2025. Revenue is based on the trailing 12 months revenue for Apple and each of our primary peers ending closest to our 2025 fiscal year-end. Our primary peer group consists of large U.S.-based, stand-alone, publicly traded companies in the technology, media, and internet services industries that, in the People and Compensation Committee s view, compete with Apple for executive talent. Commensurate with Apple s size and scope, the People and Compensation Committee reviews Mr. Cook s total target compensation against the annualized total target CEO pay of our primary peer group, focusing on the 80th to 90th percentiles of peer CEO pay when setting Mr. Cook s pay. Other than for Mr. Cook, the People and Compensation Committee does not set compensation components for our named executive officers to meet specific benchmarks as compared to our peer companies. 2026 Proxy Statement 41 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information The threshold revenue and market capitalization requirements for a company to be considered for the primary peer group for 2025 were $20 billion and $100 billion, respectively. The chart below lists the companies in our 2025 primary peer group. 2025 Primary Peer Group Alphabet Cisco Mastercard NVIDIA Verizon Amazon Comcast Meta Oracle Visa AT T Disney Microsoft Qualcomm Warner Bros. Discovery Broadcom Intel Netflix Salesforce For many years, a secondary peer group of companies was developed as an additional reference set to assess pay practices but not to benchmark pay levels or structure. This secondary peer group was composed of companies that: have iconic brands or are industry or category leaders, rely on significant research and development and innovation for growth, and require highly skilled employees. For 2025, this group included AbbVie, Coca-Cola, Johnson Johnson, Nike, Pfizer, Procter Gamble, Starbucks, and UnitedHealth Group. While other points of reference may be considered from time to time, in 2025 the People and Compensation Committee determined to eliminate consideration of a formal secondary peer group for 2026. The People and Compensation Committee also determined a primary peer group solely focused on the technology and media sectors would provide a more tailored source of competitive pay data and removed AT T, Mastercard, Verizon, and Visa from the 2026 primary peer group. CEO Peer Pay Positioning The People and Compensation Committee reviewed Mr. Cook s performance and the annualized total target compensation of CEOs in our primary peer group, and consulted with its independent compensation consultant, prior to setting Mr. Cook s 2025 total target compensation, which remains within the 80th to 90th percentile range relative to the annualized target CEO pay of our primary peer group companies. Mr. Cook s consistently exceptional performance, Apple s size and scope, and shareholder feedback support the positioning of Mr. Cook s total target compensation within this targeted range. To determine Mr. Cook s total target compensation relative to other CEOs in our primary peer group, the People and Compensation Committee considered the annualized total target compensation opportunity (which includes base salary, target cash incentive opportunities, and target value of equity awards) for CEOs at each of the primary peer companies using publicly available filings. Any primary peer companies with CEOs that did not receive direct incentive compensation were excluded from the analysis. In addition, long-term equity awards were annualized to account for variability in granting practices. As a result, the values for total target compensation used in the analysis may differ from proxy reported summary compensation table values, which reflect base salary, earned cash incentives, and the accounting grant date value of equity awards as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 718. 42 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information The Role of the Chief Executive Officer At the People and Compensation Committee s request, Mr. Cook provides input regarding the performance and compensation of the other named executive officers. The People and Compensation Committee considers Mr. Cook s evaluation and his direct knowledge of each named executive officer s performance and contributions when setting compensation. Mr. Cook is not present during People and Compensation Committee deliberations or voting regarding his own compensation. The Role of Shareholders Shareholders are provided the opportunity to cast an annual Say on Pay advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers. Shareholder feedback is an important part of the compensation-setting process. Apple has a long history of proactively engaging with shareholders throughout the year to understand their perspectives on significant issues, including Company performance, strategy, and executive compensation. The People and Compensation Committee values the views of our shareholders as expressed both through annual Say on Pay advisory votes and our ongoing outreach and engagement process. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, 92% of votes cast on the Say on Pay advisory proposal supported our executive compensation program. The People and Compensation Committee regularly considers shareholder feedback and the results of Say on Pay votes when setting compensation for our named executive officers. Components of Named Executive Officer Total Target Compensation The total target compensation of our named executive officers has three basic components: annual base salary, annual cash incentive, and long-term equity awards. Annual Base Salary Base salary is a customary, fixed element of compensation intended to attract and retain executives. When setting the annual base salaries of our named executive officers, the People and Compensation Committee considers market data provided by its independent compensation consultant and Apple s financial performance and size relative to peer companies. Annual Cash Incentive Our annual cash incentive program is a performance-based, at-risk component of our named executive officers compensation. Short-term cash incentive awards are granted under the Cash Incentive Plan. Variable payouts are designed to motivate our named executive officers to deliver strong annual financial results. Additional details regarding the Cash Incentive Plan for 2025 can be found below in the section entitled Cash Incentive Plan 2025 Financial Performance Measures and Payout Opportunities. Long-Term Equity Awards We pay for performance and manage Apple for the long term. Consistent with this approach and our guiding compensation principles, the vast majority of our named executive officers total target compensation is granted in the form of long-term equity incentives that emphasize long-term shareholder value creation and the retention of a strong executive leadership team through a mix of performance-based and time-based RSU awards. Additional details regarding these awards can be found below in the section entitled 2025 Long-Term Equity Awards and Results. RSU awards with time-based vesting align the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of our shareholders by promoting the stability and retention of a high-performing executive team over the longer term. Vesting schedules for the time-based awards granted to our named executive officers are generally longer than nearly all of those at our peer companies and in the broader industry. RSU awards with performance-based vesting are a substantial, at-risk component of our named executive officers compensation tied to Apple s long-term performance. The number of performance-based RSUs that vest depends entirely on Apple s Relative TSR for the performance period. The People and Compensation Committee chose Relative TSR as it continues to be an objective and meaningful metric to evaluate our performance against the performance of other large companies and to align the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of our shareholders in creating long-term value. 2026 Proxy Statement 43 Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Summary of CEO Total Target Compensation The People and Compensation Committee evaluates our executive compensation program and the total target value of Mr. Cook s compensation prior to the start of each fiscal year. In determining the appropriate amount of each compensation component for 2025, the People and Compensation Committee considered numerous factors with the Board and its independent compensation consultant, including Mr. Cook s consistently outstanding leadership, the immense scope and complexity of his role as Apple s CEO, the Board s confidence in his long-term strategic decisions, the Company s 2024 financial results, and shareholder feedback. Balancing the size, scope, and success of Apple relative to our primary peer group, Mr. Cook s own pay positioning relative to the CEOs in our primary peer group, and a desire to continue creating meaningful performance and retention incentives, the People and Compensation Committee set Mr. Cook s total target compensation for 2025 within the desired pay positioning range and at the same level as his 2024 total target compensation as shown below. 2025 Total Target CEO Compensation: $59 million Base Salary: $3 million Mr. Cook s base salary has remained the same since 2016 Target Cash Incentive Plan Opportunity: $6 million Mr. Cook s target Cash Incentive Plan opportunity for 2025 remained at 200% of his base salary Target Equity Award Value: $50 million Award Mix: 25/75 Mr. Cook was granted an equity award with 25% subject to time-based vesting and 75% subject to performance-based vesting No changes were made to the amount of Mr. Cook s base salary or annual cash incentive payout opportunity for 2025. The People and Compensation Committee also maintained the total target value of Mr. Cook s equity award for 2025 at $50 million ( 2025 Equity Award ). The 2025 Equity Award value and structure is unchanged from the equity award he received for 2024, with 75% of the award granted in the form of performance-based RSUs. This structure continues to emphasize long-term shareholder growth and alignment while recognizing the growth and success Mr. Cook has continually delivered to shareholders during his tenure and the ongoing impact of his leadership on Apple s short- and long-term success. Equity awards granted to Mr. Cook are designed to focus on Apple s long-term strategy and performance while creating meaningful incentives aligned with the long-term interests of our shareholders. During his tenure, the vast majority of Mr. Cook s compensation has been delivered through long-term equity awards. The size of the equity awards Mr. Cook has been granted aligns with Apple s growth, success, and the tremendous value delivered to our shareholders under his leadership. Since Mr. Cook was promoted to CEO in 2011 and through the end of 2025, Apple s cumulative TSR increased approximately 2,162%, significantly outpacing the S P 500, and Apple s market capitalization grew by more than $3.4 trillion. Cumulative TSR, includes reinvestment of dividends The People and Compensation Committee reviewed the primary peer CEO benchmark data and considered Mr. Cook s continued exceptional performance when evaluating Mr. Cook s total target compensation and our executive compensation program for 2026 and made no changes to the amount or structure of Mr. Cook s 2026 total target compensation. 44 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Directors Compensation Proposals Other Information Summary of Other Named Executive Officer Total Target Compensation The total target compensation of our five other named executive officers, Kevan Parekh, Kate Adams, Sabih Khan, Luca Maestri, and Deirdre O Brien consists of the three basic components of our executive compensation program base salary, a Cash Incentive Plan opportunity, and long-term equity awards in a straightforward and effective way. Taking into account individual and Company performance, as well as shareholder feedback, which has consistently confirmed support for the amount and structure of our other named executive officers compensation, the People and Compensation Committee determined that the target compensation of our named executive officers remains competitive, continues to be commensurate with Apple s performance and significantly larger size and scope compared to other companies, and is appropriately aligned with our guiding principles and the scope of each named executive officer s role. Since 2014, the total target compensation for our named executive officers has generally comprised an annual base salary of $1,000,000, a target Cash Incentive Plan opportunity of 200% of base salary, and a target equity award of $20,000,000. Ms. Adams, Mr. Khan and Ms. O Brien each received total target compensation at this level for 2025, with their equity awards granted in the form of RSUs balanced with 50% of the equity award subject to performance-based vesting and 50% subject to time-based vesting, to encourage long-term performance, retention, and alignment with shareholders interests. In August 2024, as part of a planned succession, Apple announced that Luca Maestri would transition from the CFO role, and Kevan Parekh, who previously served as Apple s Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, would become Apple s CFO and join the executive team on January 1, 2025. Mr. Maestri s and Mr. Parekh s 2025 total target compensation has the same structure as our other named executive officers 2025 compensation, including base salary, Cash Incentive Plan opportunity, and long-term equity awards, with their amounts pro-rated based on their time in their respective roles during fiscal 2025. The total target compensation for Mr. Maestri for 2025 comprised an annual base salary of $1,000,000 that was reduced to $750,000 as of January 1, 2025, a target Cash Incentive Plan opportunity of 100% of paid base salary, and a target equity award for his previous role as CFO of $5,000,000 with 50% of the equity award subject to performance-based vesting and 50% subject to time-based vesting. Mr. Maestri continues to report to Mr. Cook and lead Apple s Corporate Services teams, and his 2025 annual time-based RSU award for this role had a target value of $7,500,000 with the same four-year vesting schedule generally applicable to our non-executive team employees. The total target compensation for Mr. Parekh for 2025 comprised an annual base salary of $610,000 increased to $1,000,000 as of January 1, 2025, a target Cash Incentive Plan opportunity of 175% of paid base salary, and a target equity award of $16,750,000 with 50% of the equity award subject to performance-based vesting and 50% subject to time-based vesting. Additional details regarding our named executive officers 2025 compensation can be found below in the sections entitled Cash Incentive Plan 2025 Financial Performance Measures and Payout Opportunities and 2025 Long-Term Equity Awards and Results. Cash Incentive Plan 2025 Financial Performance Measures and Payout Opportunities Our Cash Incentive Plan awards are designed to motivate and reward our named executive officers for delivering strong performance against annual financial goals. As in prior years, the People and Compensation Committee chose net sales and operating income, calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, as the financial performance measures for the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan awards. Net sales and operating income continue to reflect commonly recognized key measures of overall Company performance and profitability and are drivers of shareholder value creation. Payouts for our named executive officers under the