=== AAPL_2025-10-31.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The following summarizes factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company may not be able to accurately predict, control or mitigate these risks. Statements in this section are based on the Company’s beliefs and opinions regarding matters that could materially adversely affect the Company in the future and are not representations as to whether such matters have or have not occurred previously. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exhaustive and should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties that the Company faces or may face in the future. This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K. Macroeconomic and Industry Risks The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales. In addition, the Company’s global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors. Uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can also have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners, and developers. Potential outcomes include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance business operations; and insolvency. Adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Company’s trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair values of the Company’s financial instruments. These and other impacts can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 5 The Company’s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions. Political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the Company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners. The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s business and supply chain. The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them. Restrictive measures can also require the Company to change suppliers, restructure business relationships and operations, refrain from offering and distributing or cease to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers, and increase the prices of its products and services. Changing the Company’s business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s business and results of operations. Trade and other international disputes can also have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate any or all adverse impacts from such measures. Global supply chains can be highly concentrated, and an escalation of geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new tariffs were announced on imports to the U.S. (“U.S. Tariffs”), including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the European Union (“EU”), among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. If disputes and conflicts further escalate, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive. Many of the Company’s operations, retail stores and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. In addition, the Company’s and its suppliers’ operations, retail stores and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the Company’s control. Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, increase the Company’s costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas. The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services. Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 6 Following any interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, incur significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company. While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise. Any of the foregoing can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets. The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets. These markets are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. These markets are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements. The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D. These investments may not achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully. The Company’s ability to compete successfully also depends on the effective protection and enforcement of its intellectual property rights. Regulatory requirements, government investigations and litigation can force the Company to withdraw from, or modify its products and services for, certain countries and limit its ability to derive value from, or to enjoin others from using, its intellectual property rights. Additionally, they may require the Company to share its innovations with competitors. Any of these outcomes can have a negative impact on the Company’s competitive advantage and materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected. The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and service offerings. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall. If the Company is unable to compete successfully, its business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially adversely affected. Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 7 Business Risks To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services. Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, navigate global regulatory requirements and barriers to market access, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including the Company’s ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel to execute on its strategic initiatives, and the timely and successful development and market acceptance of new products, services and technologies. Success also relies on the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the effective integration of third-party services and technologies into the Company’s products and services, the availability, delivery and performance of application software or other third-party support for the Company’s products and services, the effective management of manufacturing and other purchase commitments and the management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, and the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand. Additionally, quality issues or other defects or deficiencies can adversely affect the success of new product and service introductions and market acceptance. New products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins. The Company may not be able to successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services, which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S. A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. The Company relies on single-source partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s hardware products. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the cost, quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Changes or additions to the Company’s supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks. Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms. Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, the global semiconductor industry has in the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Such disruptions could occur in the future. Additionally, the Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 8 The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation. The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. The Company may not be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers, which can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company’s products and services. Errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a user’s device. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems can adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales. The Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk. The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories if cost exceeds net realizable value. The Company reviews other assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities, inventory prepayments and other long-lived assets, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not be recoverable. Although the Company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets are currently recoverable, the Company may incur write-downs, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes. The Company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Manufacturing purchase obligations cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize purchase commitments. The Company accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components. The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The Company’s products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties. In addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the Company currently competes or in the future may compete, current extensive intellectual property coverage and the rapid rate of new intellectual property rights generation, the Company’s products and services may be alleged to infringe existing intellectual property rights of others. This risk may be exacerbated by the use of new and emerging technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, which can involve, among other things, the acquisition and use of copyrighted materials for training as well as the potential reproduction of copyrighted materials in their outputs . From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing certain intellectual property rights of third parties. The Company is not always able to obtain all necessary licenses to third-party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can require the Company to modify certain products, services or features or preclude the Company from selling certain products or services and expose the Company to significant licensing costs, all of which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 9 The Company’s future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers. The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. Third-party developers may discontinue the development and maintenance of software applications and services for the Company’s products. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products, adversely impacting the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company believes that third-party developer support depends on the perceived benefits of creating software and services for the Company’s products compared to competitors’ platforms, such as Android for smartphones and tablets, Windows for personal computers and tablets, and PlayStation, Nintendo and Xbox for gaming platforms. This analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services. The Company’s minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets can make developers less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the Company’s products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for competitors’ products with larger market share. When developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Company’s devices can suffer. The Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. The Company’s products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences, can operate incorrectly, and can result in dissatisfied customers and lower customer demand for the Company’s products. Failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the Company’s customers, or to make such content available on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the Company’s own services. The licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Some third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or impossible for the Company to license or otherwise distribute their content. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the Company’s access to, or increase the cost of, such content. The Company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules. The Company also produces its own digital content, which can be costly to produce due to intense 

=== AAPL_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of the 2025 Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the Company’s risk factors since the 2025 Form 10-K. The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation. The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet user expectations. The Company’s products and services may also be used in unintended ways, or in a manner that its users allege is harmful. The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. The Company may not be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers, which can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company’s products and services. Errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a user’s device. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems can adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales. Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personal information, could subject the Company to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences. The Company’s business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal and sensitive health and financial information with respect to the Company’s customers and employees. The Company devotes significant resources to systems and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. But these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company’s business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers, service providers and other third parties. The Company relies on global suppliers that are also exposed to cybersecurity, ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. Although the Company takes steps to secure confidential information that is provided to or accessible by third parties working on the Company’s behalf, such measures are not always effective and losses or unauthorized access to, or releases of, confidential information occur. Such incidents and other malicious attacks could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company experiences malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to its systems on a regular basis. These attacks target the confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information and may disrupt normal business operations. Attacks can impair the Company’s ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, affect its stock price, damage commercial relationships, and expose the Company to litigation or government investigations, potentially resulting in penalties, fines or judgments. Globally, attacks are expected to continue accelerating in frequency, scale and sophistication with increasing use by actors of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders the Company’s ability to identify, investigate and recover from incidents. In addition, attacks against the Company and its customers can escalate during periods of geopolitical tensions or conflict. Apple Inc. | Q2 2026 Form 10-Q | 21 The rapid advancement and widespread dissemination of artificial intelligence technologies significantly increases the risks associated with cyberattacks. For example, artificial intelligence technologies are being used to produce highly targeted phishing campaigns, automate the discovery or exploitation of vulnerabilities, generate deepfake content designed to bypass authentication protocols, and identify and exploit vulnerabilities at a highly accelerated pace. As increasingly sophisticated and capable artificial intelligence models continue to become available, these risks are intensifying. Sophisticated and widespread cyberattacks could pose substantial systemic risks, such as cascading failures across interconnected systems, and potential disruptions to critical infrastructure and market stability. In addition, artificial intelligence technologies can themselves be susceptible to security threats, and the development and deployment of artificial intelligence by the Company and its suppliers may expose the Company to additional vulnerabilities and attacks. Although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to confidential information, including personal information, affect many companies across various industries, the Company is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and the value of the confidential information it creates, owns, manages, stores and processes. As with all companies, the security the Company has implemented may not be sufficient for all eventualities and are vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. For example, third parties can fraudulently induce the Company’s or its suppliers’ and other third parties’ employees or customers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for unauthorized access to the Company’s or such suppliers’ or third parties’ systems and services. To help protect customers and the Company, the Company deploys and makes available technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among other things, can result in the delay or loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the Company’s products and services. While the Company maintains insurance cover