=== NWS_2025-08-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The Company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the Company with the SEC. This section should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements of News Corporation (the Consolidated Financial Statements ) and related notes set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report. BUSINESS OVERVIEW On April 2, 2025, the Company completed the sale of Foxtel. All assets and liabilities, results of operations and cash flows for Foxtel have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Upon reclassification, the Company determined that the Subscription Video Services segment was no longer a reportable segment, and the residual results of the segment were aggregated into the News Media segment. The Company s five reportable segments are described below. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 Revenues Segment EBITDA (in millions) Dow Jones $ 2,331 $ 588 Digital Real Estate Services 1,802 601 Book Publishing 2,149 296 News Media 2,170 153 Other (223) Dow Jones The Company s Dow Jones segment is a global provider of news and business information, which distributes its content and data through a variety of owned and off-platform media channels including websites, mobile apps, newspapers, newswires, newsletters, magazines, proprietary databases, live journalism, video and podcasts. This segment consists of the Dow Jones business, whose products target individual consumers and enterprise customers and include The Wall Street Journal , Barron s , MarketWatch, Investor s Business Daily , Dow Jones Risk Compliance, Dow Jones Energy, Factiva and Dow Jones Newswires. The Dow Jones segment s revenue is diversified across business-to-consumer and business-to-business subscriptions, circulation, advertising, including custom content and sponsorships, licensing fees and participation fees for its live journalism events. Advertising revenues at the Dow Jones segment are subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the Company s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season. Consumer Products Through its premier brands and authoritative journalism, the Dow Jones segment s products targeting individual consumers provide insights, research and understanding that enable consumers to stay informed and make educated financial decisions. As consumer preferences for content consumption evolve, the Dow Jones segment continues to capitalize on a variety of digital distribution platforms, technologies and business models for these products, including licensing its content for distribution on 2 Table of Contents third-party platforms, which is referred to as off-platform distribution, and for use by generative artificial intelligence ( AI ) platforms. With a focus on the financial markets, investing and other professional services, many of these products offer advertisers an attractive consumer demographic. Products targeting consumers include the following: The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) . WSJ, Dow Jones s flagship consumer product, is available online, across multiple mobile devices and in print. WSJ covers national and international news and provides analysis, commentary, reviews and opinions on a wide range of topics, including business developments and trends, economics, financial markets, investing, science and technology, lifestyle, culture, consumer products and sports. WSJ s digital products offer both free content and premium, subscription-only content and are comprised of WSJ.com, WSJ mobile products, including a responsive design website and mobile apps (WSJ Mobile), and live and on-demand video through WSJ.com and other platforms (WSJ Video), as well as podcasts. For the year ended June 30, 2025, WSJ Mobile (including WSJ.com accessed via mobile devices, as well as apps, and excluding off-platform distribution) accounted for approximately 70% of visits to WSJ s digital news and information products according to Adobe Analytics. WSJ s print products are printed at plants located around the U.S., including both owned and third-party facilities. Barron s Group . The Barron s Group focuses on Dow Jones consumer brands outside of The Wall Street Journal franchise, including Barron s and MarketWatch, among other properties. Barron s . Barron s , which is available to subscribers online, across multiple mobile devices and in print, delivers news, analysis, investigative reporting, company profiles and insightful statistics for investors and others interested in the investment world. MarketWatch . MarketWatch is an investing and financial news website targeting active investors. It also provides real-time commentary and investment tools and data. Products include mobile apps and a responsive design website, and revenue is generated through the sale of advertising, as well as its premium digital subscription service. Investor s Business Daily (IBD) . IBD provides investing content, analytical products and educational resources to subscribers online and in print, as well as through mobile apps and video. IBD s services include the Investors.com website, the MarketSurge and LeaderBoard market research and analysis tools and a weekly print publication. The Wall Street Journal Digital Network (WSJDN) . WSJDN offers advertisers the opportunity to reach Dow Jones s audience across a number of brands, including WSJ, Barron s, MarketWatch and IBD. Live Journalism . The Dow Jones segment offers a number of in-person and virtual conferences and events each year. These live journalism events offer advertisers and sponsors the opportunity to reach a select group of influential leaders from industry, finance, government and policy. Many of these programs also earn revenue from participation fees charged to attendees. The following table provides information regarding average daily subscriptions during the three months ended June 30, 2025 for certain Dow Jones segment consumer products and for all consumer subscription products: (in 000 s) The Wall Street Journal (1) Barron s Group (1)(2) Total Consumer (1)(3) Digital-only subscriptions (4)(5) 4,126 1,319 5,719 Print subscriptions (4)(5) 412 113 542 Total subscriptions (4) 4,538 1,432 6,261 ________________________ (1) Based on internal data for the period from March 31, 2025 to June 29, 2025. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for more information. Excludes off-platform distribution, except for certain custom workflow integration products. (2) Barron s Group consists of Barron s , MarketWatch, Financial News and Private Equity News. (3) Total Consumer consists of The Wall Street Journal , Barron s Group and Investor s Business Daily . (4) Subscriptions include individual consumer subscriptions, as well as subscriptions purchased by companies, schools, businesses and associations for use by their respective employees, students, customers or members. Subscriptions exclude single-copy sales and copies purchased by hotels, airlines and other businesses for limited distribution or access to customers. (5) For some publications, including The Wall Street Journal and Barron s , the Dow Jones segment sells bundled print and digital products. For bundles that provide access to both print and digital products every day of the week, only one unit is reported each day and is designated as a print subscription. For bundled products that provide access to the print product only on specified days and full digital access, one print subscription is reported for each day that a print copy is served and one digital subscription is reported for each remaining day of the week. 3 Table of Contents The following table provides information regarding the digital platforms (excluding off-platform distribution) for certain Dow Jones segment consumer products: FY2025 Average Monthly Visits (1) FY2025 Average Monthly Unique Users (2) WSJ 129 million 34 million MarketWatch 56 million 17 million WSJDN 211 million 67 million ________________________ (1) Includes visits via websites and mobile apps based on Adobe Analytics for the 12 months ended June 30, 2025. (2) Includes aggregate unique users accessing websites and mobile apps based on Adobe Analytics for the 12 months ended June 30, 2025. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for more information regarding the calculation of unique users. Professional Information Products The Dow Jones segment s professional information products, which target enterprise customers, combine news and information with technology and tools that inform decisions and aid awareness, research, understanding and compliance. These products consist of its Dow Jones Risk Compliance, Dow Jones Energy, Factiva and Dow Jones Newswires products. Specific products include the following: Dow Jones Risk Compliance . Dow Jones Risk Compliance products provide data and other solutions for customers focused on anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering, counter terrorism financing, monitoring embargo and sanction lists, geopolitical and security risk intelligence and other risks and compliance requirements. Dow Jones s solutions allow customers to screen their business transactions and third parties against its data to identify regulatory, corporate and reputational risk, and request follow-up reports to conduct further due diligence. Products include online risk data and negative news searching tools such as RiskCenter Financial Crime Search and Advanced Screening and Monitoring for bulk screening as well as RiskCenter Trade Compliance for trade finance-related checks on dual-use or other controlled goods. RiskCenter Third Party, a solution for supplier risk assessment, provides customers with automated risk and compliance checks via questionnaires and embedded scoring. Feed services include PEPs (politically exposed persons), Sanctions, Adverse Media and other Specialist Lists. Dow Jones produces customized Due Diligence Reports to assist its customers with regulatory compliance, including IntegrityCheck, a generative AI-enabled automated report, and also publishes Risk Journal , an intelligence solution delivering expert reporting, analysis and real time alerts on global risk and compliance issues. Dow Jones Energy . Dow Jones Energy provides pricing data, news, analysis, consulting, software and events relating to energy commodities, including crude oil, refined products, petrochemicals, natural gas liquids, coal, metals, renewables, Renewable Identification Numbers and carbon credits, as well as pricing data, insights, analysis and forecasting for key base chemicals. Factiva . Factiva is a leading provider of global business content, built on an archive of important original and licensed publishing sources. Factiva offers content from approximately 33,000 global news and information sources from over 200 countries and territories and in 32 languages. This combination of business news and information, plus sophisticated tools and generative AI solutions, helps professionals find, monitor, interpret and share essential information. As of June 30, 2025, there were approximately 1.1 million activated Factiva users, including both institutional and individual accounts. Dow Jones Newswires . Dow Jones Newswires distributes real-time business news, information, analysis, commentary and statistical data to financial professionals and investors worldwide. It publishes, on average, over 17,000 news items each day, which are distributed via Dow Jones s market data platform partners, including Bloomberg, London Stock Exchange Group and FactSet, as well as trading platforms and websites reaching hundreds of thousands of financial professionals. This content reaches millions of individual investors via customer portals and the intranets of brokerage and trading firms, as well as digital media publishers. Dow Jones Newswires is also used as an input for algorithms supporting automated trading. The Dow Jones segment s businesses compete with a wide range of media and information businesses, including digital media, print publications and information services. The Dow Jones segment s consumer products, including its digital publications, newspapers, magazines, podcasts and video, compete for consumers, audience and advertising with other local and national newspapers, web and app-based media, news aggregators, customized news feeds, search engines, blogs, magazines, investment tools, social media sources, podcasts and event producers, as well as other media such as television, radio stations and outdoor displays. Competition for subscriptions and 4 Table of Contents circulation is based on news and editorial content, data and analytics content in research tools, subscription pricing, the usefulness and popularity of its digital products, cover price and, from time to time, various promotions. Competition for advertising is based upon advertisers judgments as to the most effective media for their advertising budgets, which is in turn based upon various factors, including circulation volume, readership levels, audience demographics, advertising rates, advertising effectiveness and brand strength and reputation. As a result of rapidly changing and evolving technologies (including developments in AI, particularly generative AI), distribution platforms and business models, and corresponding changes in consumer behavior, the consumer-focused businesses within the Dow Jones segment continue to face increasing competition for both circulation and advertising revenue, including from a variety of alternative news and information sources, programmatic advertising buying channels and AI aggregators and other emerging technology platforms. Shifts in consumer behavior require the Company to continually innovate and improve upon its own products, services and platforms in order to remain competitive. The Company believes that these changes will continue to pose opportunities and challenges, and that it is well positioned to leverage its global reach, brand recognition and proprietary technology to take advantage of the opportunities presented by these changes. The Dow Jones segment s professional information products that target enterprise customers compete with various information service providers, compliance data providers, global financial newswires and energy and commodities pricing and data providers, including Reuters News, RELX (including LexisNexis and ICIS), Refinitiv, S P Global, DTN and Argus Media, as well as many other providers of news, information and compliance data. The professional information business also faces increasing competition from a variety of AI-powered platforms and services. Digital Real Estate Services The Company s Digital Real Estate Services segment consists of its 61.4% interest in REA Group, a publicly-traded company listed on ASX (ASX: REA), and its 80% interest in Move. The remaining 20% interest in Move is held by REA Group. REA Group REA Group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property, with operations focused on property and property-related advertising and services, as well as financial services. Property and Property-Related Advertising and Services REA Group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile apps across Australia, including leading residential, commercial and share property websites realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au and Flatmates.com.au, as well as property research site property.com.au. For the year ended June 30, 2025, average monthly visits to realestate.com.au were 132.2 million, with 12.1 million people visiting each month on average, according to Ipsos iris data. Australians visited realestate.com.au 4.0 times more on average than the nearest competitor during the year ended June 30, 2025. Realcommercial.com.au had 1.9 million people visit each month on average for the year ended June 30, 2025, 3.0 times more than the nearest competitor, based on Ipsos iris data. REA Group s other Australian property and property-related advertising and services include media display advertising and data services for markets adjacent to property. Realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au derive the majority of their revenue from their core property advertising listing products and monthly advertising subscriptions from real estate agents and property developers. Realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au offer a product hierarchy which enables real estate agents and property developers to upgrade listing advertisements to increase their prominence on the site, as well as a variety of targeted products, including media display advertising products. Flatmates.com.au derives the majority of its revenue from advertising listing products and membership fees. The media business offers unique advertising opportunities on REA Group s websites to property developers and other relevant markets, including utilities and telecommunications, insurance, finance, automotive and retail. REA Group also provides residential property data services to the financial sector through its PropTrack data services business, primarily on a monthly subscription basis. REA Group s international operations consist primarily of its 78.0% interest in REA India, a leading digital real estate services provider in India (News Corp holds a 22.0% interest in REA India). REA Group s other assets include a 20% interest in Move, as referenced above. REA Group s businesses outside Australia derive the majority of their revenue from their property advertising listing products and monthly advertising subscriptions from real estate agents and property developers. 5 Table of Contents Financial Services REA Group s financial services business encompasses a digital property search and financing experience and mortgage broking services under its Mortgage Choice brand. REA Group has continued to execute on its financial services strategy by improving broker productivity and increasing penetration of Mortgage Choice white label products, supported by REA Group s partnership with digital lender Athena Home Loans. The financial services business generates revenue primarily through commissions from lenders. Move Move is a leading provider of digital real estate services in the U.S. Move primarily operates Realtor.com , a premier real estate information, advertising and services platform, under a perpetual agreement and trademark license with the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ). Through Realtor.com , consumers have access to approximately 151 million properties across the U.S., including an extensive collection of homes, properties and apartments listed and displayed for sale or for rent and a large database of off-market properties. Realtor.com and its related mobile apps display nearly 100% of all Multiple Listing Services ( MLS )-listed, for-sale and rental properties in the U.S., which are primarily sourced directly from relationships with MLSs across the country. Realtor.com also sources new construction and rental listing content from a variety of sources, including directly from homebuilders and landlords, as well as from listing aggregators. Approximately 94% of its for-sale listings are updated at least every 10 minutes, on average, with the remaining listings updated at least daily. Realtor.com s content attracts a large and highly engaged consumer audience. Realtor.com and its mobile sites had approximately 72 million average monthly unique users during the quarter ended June 30, 2025 based on internal data and methodologies, which may differ from those used by third parties or competitors. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics. Realtor.com generates the majority of its revenues through the sale of listing advertisement and lead generation products, including its RealPRO Select SM (formerly Market VIP SM ), Connections SM Plus and Listing Toolkit products, as well as its referral-based services, ReadyConnect Concierge SM and RealChoice TM Selling. Listing advertisement and lead generation products allow real estate agents, brokers and homebuilders to enhance, prioritize and connect with consumers on for-sale property listings within the Realtor.com website and mobile apps. Listing advertisement and lead generation products are typically sold on a subscription basis. The real estate referral-based business model, as well as the RealPRO Select SM lead generation product, leverage Move s proprietary technology and platform to connect real estate professionals and other service providers, such as lenders and insurance companies, to pre-vetted consumers who have submitted inquiries via the Realtor.com website and mobile apps, as well as other online sources. The real estate referral-based services that connect real estate agents and brokers with these consumers typically generate fees upon completion of the associated real estate transaction, while the referral-based services that give other service providers, including lenders and insurance companies, access to the same highly qualified consumers are generally provided on a subscription basis. Realtor.com also derives revenue from sales of non-listing advertisement, or Media, products to real estate, finance, insurance, home improvement and other professionals that enable those professionals to connect with Realtor.com s highly engaged and valuable consumer audience. Media products include sponsorships, display advertisements, text links, directories and other advertising and lead generation services. Non-listing advertisement pricing models include cost per thousand, cost per click, cost per unique user and subscription-based sponsorships of specific content areas or targeted geographies. In addition to Realtor.com , Move also offers online tools and services to do-it-yourself landlords and tenants through Avail, a platform that improves the renting experience with online tools, educational content and world-class support. Avail employs a variety of pricing models, including subscription fees, as well as fixed- or variable-pricing models. The Company s digital real estate services businesses operate in highly competitive markets that are evolving rapidly in response to new technologies, business models and practices, product and service offerings and changing consumer and customer preferences. The success of these businesses depends on their ability to provide products and services that are useful for consumers, real estate, mortgage and other related services professionals, homebuilders and landlords and attractive to their advertisers, the breadth, depth and accuracy of information they provide and brand awareness and reputation. These businesses compete primarily with companies that provide real-estate focused technology, products and services in their respective geographic markets, including other real estate and property websites and apps in Australia, the U.S. and India. Book Publishing The Company s Book Publishing segment consists of HarperCollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world based on global revenue, with operations in 15 countries. HarperCollins publishes and distributes consumer books globally through print and digital formats. Its digital formats include e-books and downloadable and streaming audiobooks for a variety of 6 Table of Contents mobile and home devices. HarperCollins owns more than 120 branded imprints, including Harper, William Morrow, Mariner, HarperCollins Children s Books, Avon, Harlequin and Christian publishers Zondervan and Thomas Nelson. HarperCollins publishes works by well-known authors such as Harper Lee, George Orwell, Agatha Christie and Zora Neale Hurston, as well as global author brands including J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Daniel Silva, Karin Slaughter and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. It is home to many beloved children s books and series, including Goodnight Moon , Curious George , Little Blue Truck and Pete the Cat . HarperCollins has a significant Christian publishing business, which includes the NIV Bible, Jesus Calling and author Max Lucado. HarperCollins print and digital global catalog includes more than 250,000 publications in different formats, in 16 languages, and it licenses rights for its authors works to be published in more than 50 languages around the world. HarperCollins publishes fiction and nonfiction, with a focus on general, children s and religious content. HarperCollins also publishes titles for the equivalent of the K-12 educational market in the U.K. and India. As of June 30, 2025, HarperCollins offered approximately 150,000 publications in digital formats, and nearly all of HarperCollins new titles, as well as the majority of its entire catalog, are available as e-books and digital audiobooks. Digital sales, comprising revenues generated through the sale of e-books and downloadable and streaming audiobooks, represented approximately 24% of global consumer revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. During fiscal 2025, HarperCollins U.S. had 164 titles on the New York Times print and digital bestseller lists, with 19 titles hitting number one, including Cher: The Memoir Part One by Cher, Hillbilly Elegy by J.D. Vance, Wicked by Gregory Maguire, Watch Me by Tahereh Mafi, A Death in Cornwall by Daniel Silva, Little Blue Truck and Racer Red by Alice Schertle, A Study in Drowning by Ava Reid, The Strawberry Patch Pancake House by Laurie Gilmore, Fight by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes, Mostly What God Does is Love You by Savannah Guthrie, Imminent by Luis Elizondo, Under His Wings by Emily Compagno, Fahrenheit-182 by Mark Hoppus with Dan Ozzi, Seven Things You Can t Say About China by Tom Cotton, Shameless by Brian Tyler Cohen, A Long Walk to Water by Linda Sue Park, The Best Christmas Pageant Ever by Barbara Robinson and You Can Be a Good Friend (No Matter What!) by Taraji P. Henson. HarperCollins derives its revenue from the sale and licensing of print and digital books to a customer base that includes global technology companies, traditional brick and mortar booksellers, wholesale clubs and discount stores, including Amazon, Apple, Barnes Noble and Tesco. Revenues at the Book Publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of HarperCollins books in the marketplace and are typically highest during the Company s second fiscal quarter due to increased demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. The book publishing business operates in a highly competitive market that is quickly changing and continues to see technological innovations. HarperCollins competes with other large publishers, such as Penguin Random House, Simon Schuster, Hachette Livre and Macmillan, as well as with numerous smaller publishers, for the rights to works by well-known authors and public personalities; competition could also come from new entrants as barriers to entry in book publishing are low. In addition, HarperCollins competes for consumers with other media formats and sources such as movies, television programming, magazines and mobile content. The Company believes HarperCollins is well positioned in the evolving book publishing market with significant size and brand recognition across multiple categories and geographies. News Media The Company s News Media segment consists primarily of News Corp Australia, News UK and the New York Post . This segment also includes Wireless Group, operator of talkSPORT, the leading sports radio network in the U.K., and Virgin Radio, Talk in the U.K., which is available on multiple digital streaming platforms, Australian News Channel, which operates the Sky News Australia network, Australia s 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and Storyful, a social media content agency that enables the Company to source real-time video content through social media platforms. The News Media segment generates revenue primarily through circulation and subscription sales of its print and digital products, sales of print and digital advertising and licensing fees. Advertising revenues at the News Media segment are subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the Company s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. News Corp Australia News Corp Australia is one of the leading news and information providers in Australia by readership, with both digital and print mastheads covering a national, regional and suburban footprint. Its digital mastheads are among the leading digital news properties in Australia based on monthly unique audience data and had approximately 993,000 aggregate digital closing subscribers as of June 30, 2025. In addition, its Monday to Friday, Saturday and Sunday, weekly and bi-weekly newspapers were read by 4.6 million Australians on average every week based on Roy Morgan data for the year ended March 31, 2025. 7 Table of Contents News Corp Australia s news portfolio includes The Australian and The Weekend Australian (National), The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney), Herald Sun and Sunday Herald Sun (Melbourne), The Courier Mail and The Sunday Mail (Brisbane) and The Advertiser and Sunday Mail (Adelaide), as well as paid digital platforms for each. In addition, News Corp Australia owns leading regional publications in Geelong, Cairns, Townsville, Gold Coast and Darwin and a small number of community mastheads. The following table provides information regarding key properties within News Corp Australia s portfolio: Total Paid