=== NXPI_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report, the following: market demand and semiconductor industry conditions; our ability to successfully introduce new technologies and products; the demand for the goods into which our products are incorporated; recent changes in global trade policy including tariffs and related trade actions announced by the U.S., China and other countries, potential increase of barriers to international trade, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs, and resulting disruptions to our established supply chains; the impact of government actions and regulations, including as a result of executive orders, including restrictions on the export of products and technology; increasing and evolving cybersecurity threats and privacy risks; our ability to accurately estimate demand and match our production capacity accordingly or obtain supplies from third-party producers; our access to production from third-party outsourcing partners, and any events that might affect their business or our relationship with them; our ability to secure adequate and timely supply of equipment and materials from suppliers; our ability to avoid operational problems and product defects and, if such issues were to arise, to correct them quickly; our ability to form strategic partnerships and joint ventures and successfully cooperate with our strategic alliance partners; our ability to win competitive bid selection processes; our ability to develop products for use in our customers equipment and products; our ability to successfully hire and retain key management and senior product engineers; global hostilities, including the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting regional instability, sanctions and any other retaliatory measures taken against Russia, and the continued hostilities and armed conflict in the Middle East, which could adversely impact the global supply chain, disrupt our operations or negatively impact the demand for our products in our primary end markets; our ability to maintain good relationships with our suppliers; our ability to integrate acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner; our ability to generate sufficient cash, raise sufficient capital or refinance our debt at or before maturity to meet our debt service, research and development and capital investment requirements; and a change in tax laws could have an effect on our estimated effective tax rates. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements and disclaim any obligation to update our view of any risks or uncertainties described herein or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report, except as required by law. In addition, this Annual Report contains information concerning the semiconductor industry, our end markets and business generally, which is forward-looking in nature and is based on a variety of assumptions regarding the ways in which the semiconductor industry, our end markets and business will develop. We have based these assumptions on 1 information currently available to us, including through the market research and industry reports referred to in this Annual Report. If any one or more of these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, actual market results may differ from those predicted. While we do not know what impact any such differences may have on our business, if there are such differences, they could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak to results only as of the date the statements were made. Except for any ongoing obligation to disclose material information as required by the United States federal securities laws, NXP does not have any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after we file this document with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, whether to reflect any future events or circumstances or otherwise. The financial information included in this Annual Report is based on United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), unless otherwise indicated. In presenting and discussing our financial position, operating results and cash flows, management uses certain non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. These non-U.S. GAAP financial measures should not be viewed in isolation or as alternatives to the equivalent U.S. GAAP measures and should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. A discussion of non-U.S. GAAP measures included in this Annual Report and a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures are set forth under Use of Certain Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures contained in this Annual Report under Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Unless otherwise required, all references herein to we , our , us , NXP and the Company are to NXP Semiconductors N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries. This Annual Report includes market data and certain other statistical information and estimates that are based on reports and other publications from industry analysts, market research firms, and other independent sources, as well as management s own good faith estimates and analyses. NXP believes these third-party reports to be reputable, but has not independently verified the underlying data sources, methodologies or assumptions. The reports and other publications referenced are generally available to the public and were not commissioned by NXP. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. 2 Part I Item 1. Business Company Overview NXP Semiconductors N.V. is a global semiconductor company and a long-standing supplier in the industry, with over 70 years of innovation and operating history. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated revenue of $12,269 million, compared to $12,614 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. We provide leading solutions that leverage our combined portfolio of intellectual property, deep application knowledge, process technology and manufacturing expertise in the domains of embedded processing, mixed-signal analog-digital (mixed A/D), power management, digital signal processing, cryptography-security, high-speed interface, radio frequency (RF), and embedded system design. Our product solutions are used in a wide range of end market applications including: automotive, industrial Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, and communication infrastructure. We engage with leading global companies and sell products in all major geographic regions. Our legal name is NXP Semiconductors N.V. and our commercial name is NXP or NXP Semiconductors. We were incorporated in the Netherlands in 2006 and are a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap). Our corporate seat is in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. Our principal executive office is at High Tech Campus 60, 5656 AG Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and our telephone number is +31 40 2729999. Our registered agent in the United States is NXP USA, Inc., 6501 William Cannon Dr. West, Austin, Texas 78735, United States of America, phone number +1 512 9338214. Semiconductor Market Overview Semiconductors perform a broad variety of functions within electronic products and systems, including processing data, sensing, storing information and converting or controlling electronic signals. Semiconductors vary significantly depending upon the specific function or application of the end product in which the semiconductor is used and the customer who is deploying it. Semiconductors also vary on a number of technical characteristics including the degree of integration, level of customization, programmability and the process technology utilized to manufacture the semiconductor. Advances in semiconductor technology have increased the functionality and performance of semiconductors, improving their features and power consumption characteristics while reducing their size and cost. These advances have resulted in growth of semiconductors and electronic content across a diverse array of products. The semiconductor market totaled $791.7 billion in 2025. Business Combinations On June 17, 2025, NXP announced the closing of the acquisition of 100% of TTTech Auto for $766 million in cash ($675 million net of cash acquired). TTTech Auto is a leader in innovating unique safety-critical systems and middleware for software-defined vehicles (SDVs). The TTTech Auto acquisition complements and expands NXP s system and software offerings in the Automotive and Industrial IoT end markets. On October 24, 2025, NXP closed the previously announced acquisition of 100% of Aviva Links for $222 million in cash ($202 million net of cash acquired) and $26 million through the settlement of previously held investments in Aviva Links. Aviva Links is a provider of Automotive SerDes Alliance (ASA) compliant in-vehicle connectivity solutions. The Aviva Links acquisition complements and expands NXP s automotive networking solutions in the Automotive and Industrial IoT end markets. On October 27, 2025, NXP closed the previously announced acquisition of 100% of Kinara, Inc. for $284 million in cash ($283 million net of cash acquired). Kinara is an industry leader in high performance, energy-efficient and programmable discrete neural processing units (NPUs). The Kinara acquisition complements and expands NXP s solutions for AI-powered edge systems in the Industrial IoT and Automotive end markets. 3 Reporting Segment NXP has one reportable segment representing the entity as a whole, which reflects the way in which our chief operating decision maker, Rafael Sotomayor, executes operating decisions, allocates resources, and manages the growth and profitability of the Company. End Market Exposure Our product groups are focused on four primary end markets that we believe are characterized by long-term, attractive growth opportunities and where we believe we enjoy sustained, competitive differentiation through our technology leadership. The four end markets are Automotive, Industrial IoT, Mobile, and Communication Infrastructure Other. Automotive Industrial IoT Mobile Comm Infra Other Core Auto MCU (non-S32) In-vehicle infotainment (IVI) In-vehicle networking (IVN) Advanced Analog Secure Car Access Processors Analog Security Connectivity Secure Mobile payment Access Solutions Custom Analog Interfaces Secure Card Solutions Legacy Networking Processors RF Power Amplifiers Accelerated Growth SDV Radar Systems Electrification Connectivity Intelligent Edge Systems i. Automotive Growth in automotive semiconductor sales relies on (1) global vehicle sales and production trends and (2) the increase in semiconductor content per vehicle. In the past few years, and going forward, we believe the latter will be the most important driver for growth in the automotive semiconductor market, while the stagnation of global vehicle sales and production will make the former less relevant. The increase of the average semiconductor content is being driven by the proliferation of electronic features throughout the vehicle, especially for advanced driver assistance system (ADAS), and by the increasing penetration of electrified vehicles, which have much higher semiconductor content. Furthermore, the evolution into new vehicle architectures that allow the implementation of software defined vehicles (SDV) is expected to help contribute to the increase of the semiconductor content per vehicle. We believe three mega-trends will drive the semiconductor content increase in the future: Autonomous driving, electrification and SDVs. Each of the megatrends involve new functions and each new function requires new technologies. The path to full autonomy is driving the increase of driver assistance systems in the car already today. In the same way, strict emissions regulations as well as consumer willingness for energy efficient cars are accelerating the penetration of electrification. Last but not least, many consumers want their cars to be service oriented, hyper-connected, configurable and upgradeable, in the same way as they are used to with their smartphones. We expect such consumer demands will lead to new vehicle architectures and eventually to SDVs. Semiconductor content per vehicle continues to increase due to government regulation of safety and emissions, standardization of higher-end options across a greater number of vehicle classes as well as consumer demand for greater fuel efficiency, advanced safety, multimedia applications and connectivity. Automotive safety features are evolving from passive safety systems to active safety systems with ADAS such as radar and vision systems. Semiconductor content is also increasing in engine management and fuel economy applications, like Battery Management Systems (BMS). Comfort and convenience systems and user interface applications, as well as infotainment features such as digital audio broadcasting are also areas with high semiconductor content increases. In addition, the use of networking in automotive applications continues to increase as various subsystems communicate within the automobile and with external devices and networks. Furthermore, we believe networking will play a key role in the electrical/electronic architecture transformation towards domain and zonal architectures. Smart car access, automotive Ultra-Wideband (UWB) and Near-Field Communication (NFC) are gaining ground in automotive as well, enabling the connection of vehicles and car keys to portable devices and the infrastructure. Data integrity and security hardware features for safeguarding memory, communication and system data are also increasing in importance. Due to the high degree of regulatory scrutiny and safety requirements, the automotive semiconductor market is characterized by stringent qualification processes, zero defect quality processes, functionally safe design architecture, high reliability, extensive design-in timeframes and long product life cycles, which results in significant barriers to entry. 4 ii. Industrial IoT The world is becoming smarter, more connected and more data driven, and the Industrial IoT market sits at the center of this global digital transformation. The Industrial IoT market is highly fragmented with a diverse collection of products and applications such as factory automation, home and building automation, appliances, home entertainment, power and energy and healthcare solutions. The need for productivity increase requiring real-time insights and efficient processes for factory automation, the reduction of resource consumption and better energy efficiency for smart factories and buildings, the enhancement in consumer convenience security and comfort for smart homes, the increase in performance requirements for processing content in smart consumer devices, the need for better health prevention and monitoring solutions, are some of the key use-cases and trends driving growth in Industrial IoT. Carbon emissions reduction efforts (global net zero emission commitments) will also be a key growth driver with large transformations expected of our energy systems. Factories, buildings and homes will need to rely much more on renewable energy (e.g., solar, wind) and increase efficient use of energy. The way we generate and store energies will likely be more distributed. The energy ecosystem needs to develop and ensure smart, efficient and reliable power delivery. These trends drive the replacement of traditional mechanical equipment by smart, energy-saving and connected electronic equipment using various sensors, processors, connectivity, analog and security chipsets that align well with NXP s portfolio and ability to provide customers with system solutions across these applications segments. Finally, with the growing number of connected devices and increasing data generation, latency, privacy and bandwidth have become critical limiting factors. Intelligent edge solutions solve this by bringing the intelligence closer to the source. Edge systems reduce the dependency on the cloud, lowering power consumption, strengthening data protection. They are, most of the time, autonomous and real-time. They handle data and do decisions locally. NXP's scalable low power solutions across the entire embedded processing spectrum are ideally suited here. iii. Mobile Mobile includes applications such as smartphones, feature phones, tablets, wearables and mobile accessories. NXP has a strong focus on mobile wallet, Ultra-Wideband (UWB) and specialty custom analog solutions. The demand for faster speeds, improved battery life, fast charging, mobile wallets, highly secure localization and sensing technology, mobile transit and authentication is driving increased semiconductor content for NXP. The growth in this market is mainly driven by the increasing attach rate of these features across devices, vendors and regions, from flagship smartphones down to feature phones, from developed countries to emerging regions. UWB, thanks to its unique precision, robustness, and reliability, is emerging as a secure, fine-ranging technology capable of enabling a wide range of innovative location-based user experiences. The technology is gaining momentum thanks to wider chipset availability, adoption across various devices by multiple brands, and the formation of a strong UWB ecosystem across the whole supply chain where NXP is well positioned. iv. Communication Infrastructure Other The Communication Infrastructure Other end market is a combination of three different application markets, namely secure edge identification, 5G radio power and digital network communication solutions. In secure edge identification solutions, NXP has extensive experience providing customers with solutions for applications demanding the highest security and reliability such as ePassports, eID credentials, transportation payment cards. Included as well in this end market is the growing RFID market that uses wireless technology for identification and tracking of objects. Further digitalization of governmental services, the trend towards secure contactless payment and the need to improve tracking, traceability and authentication of products are driving demand across these applications. Most countries in the world have migrated their wireless infrastructure to 5G network technology. This application market provides base station radio units with power amplifiers for improved signal throughput and efficiency. 5 Finally, the increasing number of connected devices exchanging more data in the cloud and on the device edge, combined with demand for improved digital communication drives demand in the network communications market. Products We offer customers a broad portfolio of semiconductor products for building advanced systems, including microcontrollers, application processors, communication processors, connectivity chipsets, analog and interface devices, RF power amplifiers, security controllers, sensors and foundational system middleware. Using our strong Automotive Industrial portfolios, we are enhancing our product offerings by providing system solution platforms including safety case enablement and software defined vehicle (SDV) middleware for the growing ecosystems in around vehicles, smart factories, robotics, homes and buildings. Enabling innovation at our customers as well as reducing complexity, integration efforts and shorten time to market is a key element of our strategy. We believe we have the broadest Arm processor portfolio in the industry, from microcontrollers to crossover processors and from application processors to communication processors. i. Microcontrollers We have been a provider of MCU solutions for more than 40 years. MCUs integrate all of the major components of a computing system onto a single semiconductor device. Typically, this includes a programmable processor core, memory, interface circuitry and other components. MCUs provide the digital logic, or intelligence, for electronic applications, controlling electronic equipment or analyzing sensor inputs. We are a trusted, long-term supplier of MCUs to many of our customers, especially in the automotive, smartcards, industrial and consumer markets. Our MCU product portfolio ranges from 8-bit products to higher performance 16-bit and 32-bit products with on-board flash memory. Our portfolio is highly scalable, and is coupled with our extensive software and design tools. This enables our customers to design-in and deploy our MCU families, leveraging a consistent software development environment. Due to the scalability of our portfolio we are able to help future-proof our customer s products as their systems evolve, becoming more complex or requiring greater processing capabilities over time. In an increasingly connected and networked society, where security is playing a more important role, our MCU families are equipped with varying security features (such as remote authentication, system/data integrity, secure communication and anomaly detection) to address different type of security risks. For automotive applications, our microcontrollers deliver the required reliability, security and functional safety to address current and future automotive challenges. Our S32x Automotive Processing Platform offers scalability across products and multiple application domains with S32K MCU s based on Arm Cortex-M cores up to the Automotive Safety Integrity Level (ASIL-D) capabilities. Our i.MX RT crossover processors are built using applications processors chassis, delivering a high level of integration, high speed peripherals, enhanced security, and engines for enhanced user experience (for example, 2D/3D graphics), but powered by a low-power MCU core running a real-time operating system like Amazon Free RTOS or Zephyr RTOS. The i.MX RT series offers the high performing Arm Cortex-M core, real-time functionality, and MCU usability at an affordable price. Our new MCX MCU family of Arm Cortex-M based MCUs, builds on the strength of our Kinetis and LPC portfolio. The MCX series also integrates our machine learning neural processing unit for machine learning applications. ii. Application Processors Application processors, also known as SoCs, consist of a computing core with external memory and special-purpose hardware accelerators and software for secure applications that support standard application operating systems such as Linux, and are targeted at specific applications, such as multimedia to run graphics and video, system networking management, or specialized processing. Our products focus on consumer devices, industrial applications and automotive applications, like driver information systems, ADAS and vehicle networking. We provide highly integrated Arm-based i.MX application processors with integrated audio, video and graphics capability that are optimized for low-power and high-performance applications. Our i.MX family of processors are designed in conjunction with a broad suite of additional products including power management solutions, audio codecs, touch sensors and accelerometers to provide full systems solutions across a wide range of operating systems and applications. Our i.MX 8 and 9 families are the latest generations of our general purpose application processors. Our i.MX 8 family is a feature and performance scalable multi-core platform that includes single, dual and quad-core families based on the Arm Cortex architecture for advanced graphics, imaging, machine vision, audio, voice, video, and safety-critical applications. Together, these products provide a family of applications processors featuring software, power and pin compatibility across single, dual and quad 6 core implementations. Software support includes Linux and Android implementations. Our i.MX 9 series of application processors integrates hardware neural processing units across the entire series for acceleration of machine learning applications at the edge. In 2025, NXP acquired Kinara to complement NXP s existing range of processors. Kinara brings high-performance, energy-efficient Discrete Neural Processing Units (NPUs), optimized specifically for generative artificial intelligence (AI) and large language models, to the NXP portfolio. Together with NXP s existing processors, connectivity, and security solutions, these NPU's help form a scalable platform for AI-powered edge systems. In Automotive, our S32x Automotive Processing Platform offers scalability across products and multiple application domains based on Arm Cortex-A, Cortex-R, and Cortex-M cores up to Automotive Safety Integrity Level (ASIL-D) capabilities with software compatibility from the MCUs to SoCs. iii. Communication Processors Communication processors combine a computing core, caches and other memories, with high-speed networking and input/output interfaces, such as Ethernet and PCI Express. Our portfolio includes 64-bit Arm-based Layerscape processors with up to 16 CPUs and Ethernet ports running at up to 100Gbps. Software support includes Linux and commercial real-time operating systems. Within enterprise and data-center communications infrastructure, our processors are used in switches, routers, SD-WAN access devices, Wi-Fi access points, and network security systems. Within service-provider communications infrastructure, our processors are used in cellular base stations, fixed wireless access Customer Premises Equipment (CPE), residential gateways, broadband aggregation systems, and core networking equipment. Although designed for use in communications infrastructure, these processors are also used in industrial and cloud server offload-applications. We also offer Layerscape Access processors, which implement baseband functions, principally for wireless systems such as 5G fixed wireless access and small cells. iv. Wireless Connectivity We offer a broad portfolio of connectivity solutions, including NFC, UWB, Bluetooth low-energy (BLE), Zigbee, Thread as well as Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi/Bluetooth integrated SoCs. These products are integrated into a wide variety of end devices, such as mobile phones, wearables, enterprise access points, home gateways, voice assistants, multimedia devices, gaming consoles, printers, automotive infotainment and smart industrial devices. v. Analog and Interface Products We have a very broad portfolio of Analog and Interface products that are used in many markets, particularly Automotive, Industrial IoT and Mobile. In Automotive, we are the market leader in most of the applications, with integrated 77Ghz Radar solution for ADAS, battery management products for Electrification, audio processing solutions and amplifiers for car entertainment, Controller Area Network (CAN), Local Interconnect Network (LIN), FlexRay Ethernet and SerDes (from the Aviva Links acquisition) solutions for in-vehicle networking and two-way secure products for secure car access. In Industrial IoT and Mobile, we are a major supplier in interface, power and high-performance analog products. Our product portfolios includes I2C/I C, General Purpose Input/Output (GPIO), LED controllers, real-time clocks, signal and load switches, signal integrity products, wired charging solutions, fast charging solutions, DC-DC, AC-DC converters and high-performance RF amplifiers. We have also successfully engaged with leading global companies to drive custom and semi-custom products which in turn allow us to refine and accelerate our innovation and product roadmaps. vi. Radio Frequency Devices NXP is the market leader in High-Performance Radio Frequency (HPRF) power amplifiers. We have an extensive portfolio of LDMOS, GaN and GaAs RF transistors. NXP s solutions range from sub-6GHz to 40GHz and from milliwatts to kilowatts. For base stations, NXP offers a full range of solutions addressing 5G RF power amplification needs from MIMO to massive MIMO based active antenna systems for cellular and millimeter Wave (mmWave) spectrum bands. We are engaged with the majority of the largest customers in mobile base stations and in several other application areas. In low and medium Power Amplification, NXPs low noise amplifier (LNA) portfolio offers solutions to meet future design needs in a wide range of applications. Two technologies serve the LNA portfolio, each with distinct advantages for their applications. Wireless infrastructure applications and many general wireless applications are served with III-V technology LNAs. Advanced SiGe technology is utilized in LNAs designed for wireless communication, cellular, consumer, automotive and industrial applications. 7 vii. Security Controllers NXP is the market leader in security controller ICs. Our security controller ICs are embedded in smart cards (ePassports, electronic ID credentials, payment cards and transportation cards), as well as in consumer electronic and smart devices, for example in smartphones, tablets and wearables. These security controller ICs are suited for applications demanding the highest security and reliability. Nearly all of our security products consist of multi-functional solutions comprised of passive RF connectivity devices facilitating information transfer from the user document to reader infrastructure; secure, tamper-proof microcontroller devices in which information is securely encrypted ( secure element ); and secure real-time operating system software products to facilitate the encryption-decryption of data, and the interaction with the reader infrastructure systems. Our solutions are developed to provide extreme levels of security of user information, undergoing stringent and continued global governmental and banking certification processes, and to deliver a high level of device performance enabling significant throughput and productivity to our customers. viii. Sensors Sensors serve as a primary interface in embedded systems for advanced human interface and contextual awareness that mimic the human 5 senses interaction with the external environment. We provide several categories of semiconductor-based environmental and inertial sensors for the Automotive market, including pressure, inertial, magnetic and gyroscopic sensors that provide orientation detection, gesture recognition, tilt to scroll functionality and position detection. Manufacturing We employ a hybrid manufacturing model where we manufacture semiconductors through a combination of wholly owned manufacturing facilities, a manufacturing facility operated jointly with another semiconductor company and third-party foundries and assembly and test subcontractors. We manage our manufacturing assets together through one centralized organization to ensure we realize scale benefits in asset utilization, purchasing volumes and overhead leverage across businesses. The manufacturing of a semiconductor involves several phases of production, which can be broadly divided into front-end and back-end processes. Front-end processes take place at highly complex wafer manufacturing facilities (called fabrication plants or wafer fabs ), and involve the imprinting of substrate silicon wafers with the precise circuitry required for semiconductors to function. The front-end production cycle requires high levels of precision and involves as many as 300 process steps. Back-end processes involve the assembly, test and packaging of semiconductors in a form suitable for distribution. In contrast to the highly complex front-end process, back-end processing is generally less complicated, and as a result we tend to determine the location of our back-end facilities based more on cost factors than on technical considerations. We primarily focus our internal and joint venture wafer manufacturing operations on running proprietary specialty process technologies that enable us to differentiate our products on key performance features, and we generally outsource wafer manufacturing in process technologies that are available at third-party wafer foundries when it is economical to do so. Our front-end manufacturing facilities use a broad range of production processes and proprietary design methods, including complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS), bipolar, bipolar CMOS (BiCMOS) and double-diffused metal on silicon oxide semiconductor (DMOS) technologies. Our wafer fabs produce semiconductors with line widths ranging from 90 nanometers to 3 microns for integrated circuits and 0.5 microns to greater than 4 microns for discretes. This broad technology portfolio enables us to meet increasing demand from customers for system solutions, which require a variety of technologies. As part of executing our hybrid manufacturing model, we have initiated the consolidation of our internal wafer fabs to 300 millimeter factories. We believe this will enable economic and manufacturing efficiencies in the future. As part of this consolidation, we have made equity investments in the following joint venture manufacturing companies with the aim of facilitating this transition: European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH will build and operate a new 300mm semiconductor wafer manufacturing facility in Dresden, Germany. ESMC is 70% owned by TSMC, with 8 Bosch, Infineon, and NXP each owning 10%. NXP is entitled to 10% of the fab facility capacity. Initial production at ESMC is currently targeted to begin in 2028. VisionPower Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Pte. Ltd. (VSMC) will build and operate a new 300mm semiconductor wafer manufacturing facility in Singapore. VSMC is 60% owned by Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation and 40% owned by NXP. NXP is entitled to 40% of the fab facility capacity. Initial production at VSMC is currently targeted to begin in 2027. Our back-end manufacturing facilities test and package many different types of products using a wide variety of processes. To optimize flexibility, we use shared technology platforms for our back-end assembly operations. Most of our assembly and test activities are maintained in-house. The following table shows selected key information with respect to our major operating front-end and back-end facilities: Site Ownership Wafer sized used Line widths used (vm) Technology/Products (Microns) Front-end Singapore (SSMC) 61.2 % 8 0.14-0.25 CMOS, eNVM, Power, BCDMOS, RF Nijmegen, the Netherlands 100 % 8 0.14-1.00 CMOS, BCDMOS, RF, Power MOSFET Chandler, United States 100 % 8 0.18-0.50 CMOS, eNVM, BCDMOS Chandler RF, United States 100 % 6 0.25-0.40 GaN Austin (Ed Bluestein), United States 100 % 8 0.09-0.18 CMOS, eNVM, BCDMOS, Radar Back-end Kaohsiung, Taiwan 100 % NFC, Automotive Car-access, In-Vehicle Networking, Micro-controllers, ADAS (Radar), Analog, Mixed-Signal and Power Bangkok, Thailand 100 % Automotive In-Vehicle Networking and Sensors, Analog, RFID, Banking and e-Passport modules, Power Management Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 100 % Micro-processors, ADAS/Radar, Micro-controllers, Advanced Audio Processor, Sensors, Power Management, Analog and Mixed Signal, RF devices Tianjin, China 100 % Micro-processors, Micro-controllers, Power Management, Battery Management, Analog and Mixed Signal 1 Joint venture with TSMC We use a large number of raw materials in our front- and back-end manufacturing processes, including silicon wafers, chemicals, gases, lead frames, substrates, molding compounds and various types of precious and other metals. Our most important raw materials are the raw, or substrate, silicon wafers we use to make our semiconductors. We purchase these wafers, which must meet exacting specifications, from a limited number of suppliers in the geographic region in which our fabrication facilities are located. At our wholly owned fabrication plants, we use raw wafers ranging from 6 inches to 8 inches in size. Our SSMC wafer fab facility, which produces 8 inch wafers, is jointly owned by TSMC and ourselves. Emerging fabrication technologies employ larger wafer sizes and, accordingly, we expect that our production requirements will in the future shift towards larger substrate wafers. 9 We typically source our other raw materials in a similar fashion as our wafers, although our portfolio of suppliers is more diverse. Some of our suppliers provide us with materials on a just-in-time basis, which permits us to reduce our procurement costs and the negative cash flow consequences of maintaining inventories, but exposes us to potential supply chain interruptions. We purchase most of our raw materials on the basis of fixed price contracts. In recent years, as a result of constraints in the semiconductor supply chains, there has been a tendency towards longer-term supply contracts with suppliers in exchange for capacity. From an operational perspective, all of our manufacturing facilities continue to operate around the world in accordance with guidance issued by local and national government authorities. Sales, Marketing and Customers We market our products and solutions worldwide through a combination of direct sales offices (hereafter direct ) and independent distributors (hereafter distributors ). Our regional sales offices enable us to maintain close relationships with customers, provide technical support, and manage strategic accounts. In addition, we leverage a network of authorized distributors who purchase our products and resell them to a broad range of customers. This dual-channel approach allows us to extend our market reach, optimize logistics and provide localized service while maintaining flexibility to address diverse customer needs. We generate demand for our products by delivering product solutions to our customers, and supporting their system design-in activities by providing application architecture expertise and local field application engineering support. Our sales and marketing teams are organized into six regions, which are EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), the Americas, Japan, South Korea, China and South Asia Pacific. These sales regions are responsible for managing customer relationships and creating demand for our solutions through the full ecosystem development. In addition, our sales and marketing teams in the regions partner with our distributors and our large number of mass market customers. Our sales and marketing strategy focuses on key defined verticals in Automotive, Industrial IoT, Communication Infrastructure, and Mobile. We aim to deepen relationships with our top direct customers, expand our reach to mass-market customers, startups and distribution partners, and become their preferred supplier. We believe that this approach helps reduce sales volatility in challenging markets. We have long-standing customer relationships with most of our customers. Our 10 largest end customers, some of whom are supplied by distributors, in alphabetical order, are Apple, Aptiv, Aumovio, Bosch, Denso, Harman Auto, Hyundai, LGE Automotive, Samsung and Visteon. We also have a strong position with our distribution partners, including our five largest in alphabetical order, Arrow, Avnet, Nexty, WT Micro and World Peace. Our revenue is primarily the sum of our direct sales plus our sales to distributors. Avnet accounted for 23% of our revenue in 2025 and 22% in 2024. No other distributor accounted for greater than 10% of our revenue. No direct customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in 2025 or 2024. Research and Development We design purpose-built, rigorously tested technologies that enable devices to sense, think, connect and act intelligently to improve people's daily lives. We believe that our future success depends on our ability to both improve our existing products and to develop new products for both existing and new markets. We direct our research and development efforts to the development of new semiconductor solutions where we see significant opportunities for growth. We target applications that require stringent overall system and subsystem performance. As new and challenging applications proliferate, we believe that many of these applications will benefit from our solutions. We have assembled a global team of highly skilled semiconductor and embedded software design engineers with expertise in RF, analog, power management, interface, security, functional safety, and digital processing. These dedicated team members are united by a passion to build solutions not just products that enhance the capabilities of people, organizations, and society at large. NXP is uniquely positioned to bring intelligent systems to the edge in Automotive and Industrial IoT. With the intent to outpace market growth, we invest in research and development to extend or create leading market 10 positions, with an emphasis on fast growing sizable market segments, such as Software-Defined Vehicle, Radar, Connected Edge Processing, Wired Networking and Energy Management Solutions to support the successful deployment of AI at the Edge. In addition, we invest a few percent of our total research and development expenditures in research activities that drive innovative products or technologies that could contribute significantly to our company's growth in the future. We annually perform a fundamental review of our business portfolio and our related new product and technology development opportunities to decide on changes in the allocation of our research and development resources. For products targeting established markets, we evaluate our research and development expenditures based on clear business need and risk assessments. For breakthrough technologies and new market opportunities, we look at the strategic fit and synergies with the rest of our portfolio and the size of the potential addressable market. Overall, we allocate our research and development to maintain a healthy mix of emerging growth and mature businesses. Subsidies and Grants We receive subsidies and grants from governments in some countries in the form of direct grants as well as tax credits for R D activities. Such funding is generally provided to encourage R D activities, industrialization and local economic development and is generally available to all companies. The conditions for the receipt of government grants and subsidies may include eligibility restrictions, approval by relevant authorities, annual budget appropriations, compliance with relevant regulations or contingent return provisions, as well as specifications regarding objectives and results. The approval process for such funding may last up to several years. Certain specific contracts require compliance with extensive regulatory requirements and set forth certain conditions relating to the funded programs. There could be penalties if these objectives are not fulfilled. Our direct grants include those awarded under the European 2nd Important Project of Common European Interest on Microelectronics and Communication Technologies ( IPCEI ME/CT ) in multiple EU member states, the duration of which is planned to run until the end of 2029. The conditions to receive the IPCEI ME/CT government assistance include restrictions on eligible expenditures, employment retention, annual budget appropriations by the member states, compliance with member states regulations and project objectives and results, as well as repayment conditions. Our dedicated R D teams across the involved member states under the IPCEI ME/CT program seek to innovate in core technologies across automotive, industrial and cybersecurity. This includes 5nm, advanced driving assistance in automotive, 6G, Wireless Interface Technology and UWB as well as AI, RISC-V and post-quantum cryptography. Intellectual Property The creation and use of intellectual property is a key aspect of our strategy to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. We seek to protect our proprietary technologies by obtaining patents, trademarks, domain names, retaining trade secrets and defending, enforcing and utilizing our intellectual property rights, where appropriate. We believe this strategy allows us to preserve the advantages of our products and technologies, and helps us to improve the return on our investment in research and development. We have a broad portfolio of approximately 9,500 patent families (each patent family includes all patents and patent applications originating from the same invention). To protect confidential technical information and software, we rely on copyright and trade secret law and enter into confidentiality agreements as applicable. In situations where we believe that a third party has infringed on our intellectual property, we enforce our rights through all available legal means to the extent that we determine the benefits of such actions to outweigh the costs and risks involved. We own a number of trademarks that are used in the conduct of our business. Where we consider it desirable, we develop names for our new products and secure trademark protection. Our trademarks allow us to further distinguish our company and our products and are important in our relationships with customers, suppliers, partners and end-users. While our patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights constitute valuable assets, we do not view any individual right or asset as material to our operations as a whole. We believe it is the combination of our proprietary technology, patents, know-how and other intellectual property rights and assets that creates an advantage for our business. 11 In addition to obtaining our own patents and other intellectual property rights, we have entered into licensing agreements and other arrangements authorizing us to use intellectual property rights, confidential technical information, software and other technology owned by third parties. In certain instances, we also engage in licensing and selling of certain of our technology, patents and other intellectual property rights. Competition We compete with many different semiconductor companies on a global basis, including with both integrated device manufacturers ( IDMs ) as well as fabless companies. Nearly all our competitors invest extensively in research and development, manufacturing, sales and marketing capabilities across a broad spectrum of product lines. Many of our competitors are focused on single applications or market segments. Most of our competitors compete with us with respect to some, but not all, of our product lines. Our primary key public competitors in alphabetical order include, but are not limited to, Analog Devices Inc., Broadcom Inc., Infineon Technologies AG, Microchip Technology Inc., Qualcomm Inc., Renesas Electronics Corp., STMicroelectronics NV and Texas Instruments Inc. The basis on which we compete varies across end markets and geographic regions. This includes competing on the basis of our ability to develop new products and the underlying intellectual property in a timely manner to meet customer requirements in terms of product features, quality, performance, warranty, availability and cost. In addition, we are asked to deliver full system capabilities which include multiple NXP devices and enabling software. This requires in-depth knowledge of specific applications in target markets in order to develop robust system solutions and qualified customer support resources. Seasonality Historically, our net revenue does not display consistent or predictable seasonal patterns. Government Regulation, including Environmental Regulation The information set forth under the Environmental remediation caption of Note 16 of our notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference. For additional discussion of certain risks associated with government and environmental regulation, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 12 Information about our Executive Officers The names, ages and positions as of February 19, 2026, of our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sotomayor, are as follows: Name Age Position Year appointed Rafael Sotomayor 56 Executive Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 2025 Bill Betz 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2021 Christopher Jensen 56 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer 2020 Andrew Hardy 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Officer 2025 Andrew Micallef 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Operations and Manufacturing Officer 2021 Jennifer Wuamett 60 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Sustainability Officer 2018 13 Human Capital NXP's workforce is a critical enabler of the company's strategy and operating performance. We depend on a global employee base with the technical expertise, operational discipline, and leadership capability required to execute effectively in a fast-moving and highly competitive industry. Our approach to human capital management is focused on ensuring the organization has the skills, capacity, and accountability needed to support current and future business priorities. We manage our team members through policies, practices, and programs designed to support effective execution, continuous improvement, and long-term capability building. These include efforts related to talent acquisition, leadership and functional development, engagement, inclusion, and competitive total rewards. Our team member priorities are reviewed and adjusted as needed to reflect business conditions, evolving workforce needs, and regulatory considerations. NXP s workforce consists of both direct labor (DL) and indirect labor (IDL). Direct labor team members primarily support manufacturing operations, while indirect labor team members include individual contributors, managers and executives across functions such as research and development, and selling, general and administrative activities. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 32,169 employees worldwide, including approximately 1,439 employees within our SSMC joint venture. Our team members are located across three geographic regions and in more than 30 countries. Innovation is supported by a substantial portion of our workforce engaged in research and development activities. These 11,034 team members contribute to design, development, and advancement of our products and technology roadmap, supporting NXP's ability to meet customer and market conditions. Corporate Values, Team Member Engagement and Retention NXP's values define expectations for how work is performed across the organization and support consistent execution, accountability, and collaboration. These values guide decision-making and leadership behaviors and are intended to reinforce a performance-oriented culture aligned with the company's strategic priorities. 14 Team member engagement is monitored through structured feedback mechanisms, including the Winning Culture Survey, which assesses factors such as engagement, ethics, and the work environment. In the 2025 Winning Culture Survey, 90% of all team members participated. Survey results are reviewed by leaders and are used to inform actions focused on organizational effectiveness, leadership capability, and ways of working. Retention of critical talent remains an important consideration in workforce planning. NXP monitors voluntary attrition as one indicator of workforce stability and engagement. During 2025, the company's voluntary attrition rate was 5.1%. Retention efforts include targeted actions for strategic roles and high-performing talent, as well as broader programs applicable across the team member population. Inclusion NXP views inclusion as an important element of workforce effectiveness and organizational performance. Our approach is intended to support an environment in which team members are able to contribute, collaborate, and perform at their best across regions, functions, and roles. Inclusion-related efforts are integrated into leadership expectations, talent processes, and workforce practices. Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) support connection, engagement, and awareness across the organization. Participation in ERGs is open to all team members, and each ERG operates with defined objectives and leadership oversight. As of December 31, 2025, NXP maintained ten primary ERGs with representation across Asia, Europe and North America. Future Talent and Development Developing future talent and strengthening workforce capabilities are important components of NXP's long-term strategy. The company maintains early-career and internship programs and engages with academic institutions to support talent development and access to emerging skills aligned with business needs. NXP supports ongoing development through a continuous learning approach that emphasizes experiential learning, learning through others, and formal education. Training and development offerings are designed to build technical expertise, leadership capability, and functional effectiveness, and are aligned with evolving business priorities, operating requirements, and ways of working. These efforts are intended to enable team members and leaders to adapt, make informed decisions, and operate effectively in a dynamic business environment. Compensation and Benefits NXP provides compensation and benefits programs designed to support attraction, retention, and motivation of employees while aligning with business performance and market practices. Total rewards include base salary, short-term and long-term incentive opportunities, and a comprehensive benefits package that supports the health and well-being of team members. Compensation decisions are guided by multiple factors, including external market conditions, individual performance and contributions, role-related skills, and internal equity. NXP uses third-party market data to inform compensation practices and conducts periodic pay reviews as part of its governance processes. These reviews are intended to support fair, competitive, and consistent compensation outcomes. 15 Leaders are encouraged to recognize individual and team contributions in ways that reinforce accountability, performance, and results, consistent with the company's overall rewards framework. Employee Health and Safety NXP is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our employees. The company manages occupational health and safety through a structured global management system designed to identify, assess, and mitigate workplace risks across its operations. NXP is certified to ISO 45001, the international standard for occupational health and safety management systems. Safety performance and risk indicators are monitored through established processes, including site-level programs, audits, and employee involvement mechanisms. Employee participation in safety efforts includes worker safety councils and routine workplace walkthroughs to identify potential risks and opportunities for continuous improvement. Employee Representation A portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and in certain jurisdictions local laws require consultation with employee representatives on matters related to labor conditions. The company engages with employee representatives in accordance with applicable legal requirements and established practices. NXP has not experienced any material labor disruptions. In addition, employee-led works councils operate in certain countries and provide input on topics relevant to employees, consistent with local regulations and governance frameworks. Climate and Environment We recognize the need to conserve the earth s natural resources and reduce emissions. In support of this, we intend to be conscious of our use of resources, minimize waste and continuously improve. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for information on potential global environmental risks that may adversely affect our business operations, such as climate change or natural disasters. Available Information Our main corporate website address is www.nxp.com. Copies of our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge on our website within the "Investors Relations" section as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. All SEC filings are also available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The information contained on these websites as referenced is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, and webcasts. We use these channels, including our website, to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our products and solutions and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on our website could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information we make available on our website. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to the semiconductor industry and the markets in which we participate. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical. Historically, the relationship between supply and demand in the semiconductor industry has caused a high degree of cyclicality in the semiconductor market. Semiconductor supply is partly driven by manufacturing capacity, which in the past has demonstrated alternating periods of substantial capacity additions and periods in which no or limited capacity was added. As a general matter, semiconductor companies are more likely to add capacity in periods when current or expected future demand is strong and margins are, or are expected to be, high. Investments in new capacity 16 can result in overcapacity, which can lead to a reduction in prices and margins. In response, companies typically limit further capacity additions, eventually causing the market to be relatively undersupplied. In addition, demand for semiconductors varies, which can exacerbate the effect of supply fluctuations. As a result of this cyclicality, the semiconductor industry has in the past experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing life cycles of semiconductor companies products and declines in general economic conditions. These downturns have been characterized by diminishing demand for end-user products, high inventory levels, under-utilization of manufacturing capacity and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. The foregoing risks have historically had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Significantly increased volatility and instability and unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect our business. It is difficult for us, our customers and suppliers, to forecast demand trends. We may be unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of cycles or their effect on our financial condition or result of operations and can give no assurance as to the timing, extent or duration of the current or future business cycles generally, or specific to the markets in which we participate. In 2008 and 2009, Europe, the United States and international markets experienced increased volatility and instability related to the global financial crisis. In the first half of 2020, demand in the automotive market steeply declined as a result of manufacturing shutdowns by automotive customers due to the coronavirus pandemic, resulting in an unforeseen negative impact to our results of operations. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, demand rebounded across all end markets more quickly than anticipated and accelerated through the third quarter of 2022, resulting in our inability to fully satisfy customer demand. In the course of 2023, 2024 and 2025, our end markets experienced softening demand and uncertainty due to macroeconomic factors and geopolitical uncertainty. In the event of a future decline in global economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and the resulting economic decline might disproportionately affect the markets in which we participate, further exacerbating a decline in our results of operations. The semiconductor industry is highly competitive. If we fail to introduce new technologies and products in a timely manner, this could adversely affect our business. The semiconductor industry is highly competitive and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, short product lifecycles, significant price erosion and evolving standards. Accordingly, the success of our business depends to a significant extent on our ability to develop new technologies and products that are ultimately successful in the market. The costs related to the research and development necessary to develop new technologies and products are significant and subject to increase due to current and expected inflation and any reduction of our research and development budget could harm our competitiveness. Meeting evolving industry requirements, including the increasing use of AI and machine learning technologies (including the need to run complex AI-based applications on devices), and introducing new products to the market in a timely manner and at prices that are acceptable to our customers are significant factors in determining our competitiveness and success. In addition, AI and machine learning are still in relatively early stages, and the introduction and incorporation of AI technologies may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. Such risks may include (i) adverse impacts from deficient, inaccurate, or biased AI recommendations, (ii) AI technologies the company develops and adopts may not meet market requirements or become obsolete earlier than planned, and there can be no assurance that the company will realize the desired or anticipated benefits, (iii) use of AI applications could increase the risk of cybersecurity incidents, such as security vulnerabilities, including unintended or inadvertent transmission of proprietary or sensitive information and unauthorized access, or (iv) there is uncertainty in the legal and regulatory landscape for AI, which is not fully developed, and any laws, regulations or industry standards adopted in response to the emergence of AI may be burdensome, could entail significant costs, and may restrict or impede our ability to successfully use AI technologies efficiently and effectively. Commitments to develop new products must be made well in advance of any resulting sales, and technologies and standards may change during development, potentially rendering our products outdated or noncompetitive before their introduction. If we are unable to successfully develop new products, our revenue may decline substantially. Moreover, some of our competitors are well-established entities, are larger than us and have greater resources than we do. If these competitors increase the resources they devote to developing and marketing their products, we may not be able to compete effectively. Any consolidation among our competitors could enhance their product offerings and financial resources, further strengthening their competitive position. In addition, some of our competitors operate in narrow business areas relative to us, allowing them to concentrate their research and development efforts directly 17 on products and services for those areas, which may give them a competitive advantage. As a result of these competitive pressures, we may face declining sales volumes or lower prevailing prices for our products, and we may not be able to reduce our total costs in line with this declining revenue. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The demand for our products depends to a significant degree on the demand for our customers end products. The vast majority of our revenue is derived from sales to manufacturers in the Automotive, Industrial IoT, Mobile, and Communication Infrastructure end markets. Demand in these markets fluctuates significantly, driven by consumer spending, consumer preferences, the development of new technologies and prevailing economic conditions. In addition, the specific products in which our semiconductors are incorporated may not be successful or may experience price erosion or other competitive factors that affect the price manufacturers are willing to pay us. Such customers have in the past, and may in the future, vary order levels significantly from period to period, request postponements to scheduled delivery dates, modify their orders or reduce lead times. This is particularly common during periods of low demand. This can make managing our business difficult, as it limits the predictability of future revenue. It can also affect the accuracy of our financial forecasts. Furthermore, developing industry trends, such as customers use of outsourcing and revised supply chain models, including the direct purchase of semiconductor products by end product manufacturers instead of component manufacturers, may affect our revenue, costs, customer relations and working capital requirements. If customers do not purchase products made specifically for them, we may not be able to resell such products to other customers or may not be able to require the customers who have ordered these products to pay a cancellation fee. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The semiconductor industry is historically characterized by continued price erosion, especially after a product has been on the market. One of the results of the rapid innovation in the semiconductor industry is that pricing pressure, especially on products containing older technology, can be intense. If this trend continues, in order to continue profitably supplying these products, we must reduce our production and procurement costs in line with the lower revenue we can expect to generate per unit. Usually, this must be accomplished through improvements in process technology, production efficiencies and efficient procurement pricing. If we cannot advance our process technologies or improve our efficiencies to a degree sufficient to maintain required margins, the profit we make from the sale of these products will decline. Moreover, we may not be able to cease production of such products, either due to contractual obligations or for customer relationship reasons, and as a result may be required to bear reduced profitability, or even a loss on such products. We cannot guarantee that competition in our core product markets will not lead to price erosion, lower revenue or lower margins in the future. Should reductions in our manufacturing costs fail to keep pace with reductions in market prices for the products we sell, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks related to our business operations In many of the market segments in which we compete, we depend on winning selection processes, and failure to be selected could adversely affect our business in those market segments. One of our business strategies is to participate in and win competitive bid selection processes to develop products for use in our customers equipment and products. These selection processes can be lengthy and require us to incur significant design and development expenditures, with no guarantee of winning a contract or generating revenue. Failure to win new design projects and delays in developing new products with anticipated technological advances or in commencing volume shipments of these products may have an adverse effect on our business. This risk is particularly pronounced in markets where there are only a few potential customers and in the automotive market, where, due to the longer design cycles involved, failure to win a design-in could prevent access to a customer for several years. Our failure to win a sufficient number of these bids could result in reduced revenue and hurt our competitive position in future selection processes because we may not be perceived as being a technology or industry leader, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our global business operations expose us to international business risks that could adversely affect our business. 18 If any of the following international business risks were to materialize or become worse, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: negative economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments and international trade arrangements, such as the increase of barriers to international trade including the imposition of new or increased tariffs on imports by the United States and China and other countries, enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties; social and political instability in a number of countries around the world, including continued hostilities in the Middle East and the armed conflict in Ukraine. The instability and any resulting sanctions, export controls or other penalties, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and operations via our customers and global supply chain and volatility in energy prices and the financial markets or negatively impact demand for our products; potential terrorist attacks; epidemics and pandemics, such as the coronavirus outbreak, which may adversely affect our workforce, as well as our suppliers and customers; geopolitical tension and disputes, as well as resulting adverse changes in government policies, especially those affecting global trade and investment, including trade protection and national security policies or placing companies on restricted entity lists. Sustained geopolitical tensions, such as the current geopolitical tensions involving China and Taiwan, could lead to long-term changes in global trade and technology supply chains and decoupling of global trade networks; volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, in particular with respect to the U.S. dollar, and transfer restrictions, in particular in mainland China; and threats that our operations or property could be subject to nationalization and expropriation. Recently announced and future tariffs and other trade restrictions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. government announced a series of tariffs, including tariffs targeting a broad range of imports and targeted tariffs on goods from specific countries and industries. In response, many countries imposed reciprocal tariffs and other trade restrictions on the United States. Although many of these tariffs, countermeasures and other trade restrictions have since been eased or paused, their initial announcements triggered considerable volatility in global markets and heightened economic uncertainty, and the global trade situation, particularly between the United States and China, continues to be highly dynamic. Further, throughout 2025 the U.S. government has initiated numerous investigations into products and industries under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. For example, in April 2025, the Department of Commerce launched an investigation into the national security impacts of imported semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. While the results of this investigation remain unknown, it is expected to result in additional tariffs and trade restrictions that may adversely impact our business. Similar investigations on other industries or products, including automotive, copper, steel, aluminum, critical minerals and aircraft, may also adversely impact the semiconductor industry and our business. These changes have, and similar changes in the future may continue to, increase the cost or reduce the availability of raw materials and supplies we need to operate, cause customers to advance, delay, reduce, or cancel orders, shift buying patterns, impact demand in our end markets, complicate demand forecasting for us and our customers, increase supply chain complexity and contribute to volatility, a broader economic slowdown or recession. Any of these impacts or changes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets are recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition. We review our goodwill and other intangible assets balance for impairment upon any indication of a potential impairment, and in the case of goodwill, at a minimum of once a year. Impairment may result from, among other things, a sustained decrease in share price, deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the products and services we sell, challenges to the validity of certain registered intellectual property, reduced sales of certain products incorporating intellectual property and a variety of other factors. The amount of any quantified impairment must be expensed immediately as a charge to results of operations. Depending on future circumstances, it is possible that we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. Any future determination of impairment of goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and stockholders equity. 19 In difficult market conditions, our high fixed costs combined with low revenue may negatively affect our results of operations. The semiconductor industry is characterized by high fixed costs and, notwithstanding our utilization of third-party manufacturing capacity, our production requirements are in part met by our own manufacturing facilities. In less favorable industry environments, like we faced in the first half of 2020, we are generally faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in demand for our products. During such periods, our fabrication plants could operate at lower loading level, while the fixed costs associated with the full capacity continue to be incurred, resulting in lower gross profit. We may from time to time restructure parts of our organization. Any such restructuring may impact customer satisfaction, and the costs of implementation may be difficult to predict. We have previously executed restructuring initiatives and continue to assess, restructure and make changes to parts of the processes in our organization. If the global economy remains volatile, our revenues could decline and we may be forced to take cost savings steps that could result in additional charges and materially affect our business. The costs of implementing any restructurings, changes or cost savings steps may differ from our estimates and any negative impacts on our revenues or otherwise of such restructurings, changes or steps, such as situations in which customer satisfaction is negatively impacted, may be larger than originally estimated. If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements and social plans with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, if regular or statutory consultation processes with employee representatives such as works councils fail or are delayed, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, our business and operating results could be materially harmed. We are a party to collective bargaining agreements and social plans with our labor unions. We are also required to consult with our employee representatives, such as works councils, on items such as restructurings, acquisitions and divestitures. Although we believe that our relations with our employees, employee representatives and unions are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate these agreements as they expire from time to time or to conclude the consultation processes in a timely and favorable way. The impact of future negotiations and consultation processes with employee representatives could have a material impact on our financial results. Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our labor agreements and social plans, if significant disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our working capital needs are difficult to predict. Our working capital needs are difficult to predict and may fluctuate. The comparatively long period between the time at which we commence development of a product and the time at which it may be delivered to a customer leads to high inventory and work-in-progress levels. The volatility of our customers own businesses and the time required to manufacture products also make it difficult to manage inventory levels and require us to stockpile products across many different specifications. Our business may be adversely affected by costs relating to product defects, and we could be faced with product liability and warranty claims. We make highly complex electronic components which in many cases are enabled by software and, accordingly, there is a risk that defects may occur in any of our products. Such defects can give rise to significant costs, including expenses relating to recalling products, releasing new software versions, replacing defective items, writing down defective inventory and loss of potential sales. In addition, the occurrence of such defects may give rise to product liability and warranty claims, including liability for damages caused by such defects. If we release defective products into the market, our reputation could suffer and we may lose sales opportunities and incur liability for damages. Moreover, since the cost of replacing defective semiconductor devices is often much higher than the value of the devices themselves, we may at times face damage claims from customers in excess of the amounts they pay us for our products, including consequential damages. We also face exposure to potential liability resulting from the fact that our customers typically integrate the semiconductors and the corresponding software we sell into numerous consumer products, which are then sold into the marketplace. We are exposed to product liability claims if our 20 semiconductors or software, or the consumer products based on them malfunction and result in personal injury or death. We may be named in product liability claims even if there is no evidence that our products caused the damage in question, and such claims could result in significant costs and expenses relating to attorneys fees and damages. In addition, our customers may recall their products if they prove to be defective or make compensatory payments in accordance with industry or business practice or in order to maintain good customer relationships. If such a recall or payment is caused by a defect in one of our products, semiconductor parts or software, our customers may seek to recover all or a portion of their losses from us. If any of these risks materialize, our reputation would be harmed and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products. We and third parties regularly identify security vulnerabilities with respect to our products and services. The same holds for the operating systems and workloads that run on them and the components that interact with them. Components and Intellectual Property (IP) we purchase or license from third parties for use in our products, as well as industry-standard specifications we implement in our products, are also regularly subject to security vulnerabilities. As we have become a more data-centric company, our processors and other products are being used in additional and new and critical application areas that create new or increased cybersecurity, privacy or safety risks. This includes applications that gather and process large amounts of data, such as the cloud or Internet of Things, and critical infrastructure and automotive applications. We, our customers, and the users of our products do not always promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a vulnerability, including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Additionally, new information can subsequently develop that may impact our assessment of a security vulnerability, including additional information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations or updates, become aware of additional variants and evaluate the competitiveness of existing and new products. Security vulnerabilities and any limitations of, or adverse effects resulting from, mitigation techniques can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, sales, branding, customer relationships, share price, prospects, and reputation in a number of ways, any of which may be material. Adverse publicity about security vulnerabilities or mitigations could damage our reputation with customers or users and reduce demand for our products and services. These effects may be greater to the extent that competing products are not susceptible to the same vulnerabilities or if vulnerabilities can be more effectively mitigated in competing products. Moreover, third parties can release information regarding potential vulnerabilities of our products before mitigations are available. This, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation. Our business has suffered, and could in the future suffer, from manufacturing problems. We manufacture, in our own factories as well as with third parties, our products using processes that are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment and must continuously be modified to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the production process can reduce yields or interrupt production, and, as a result of such problems, we may on occasion not be able to deliver products or do so in a timely or cost-effective or competitive manner. Such difficulties may include rationing, or other forced disruption of utility supplies such as electricity, gas or water by governments or regulators which could lead to disruptions of our operation resulting in high costs and global supply chain disruptions. As the complexity of both our products and our fabrication processes has become more advanced, manufacturing tolerances have been reduced and requirements for precision have become more demanding. As is common in the semiconductor industry, we have in the past experienced manufacturing difficulties that have given rise to delays in delivery and quality control problems. There can be no assurance that any such occurrence in the future would not materially harm our results of operations. Further, we may suffer disruptions in our manufacturing operations, either due to production difficulties such as those described above or as a result of external factors beyond our control, such as the disruption to our Austin, Texas manufacturing facilities caused by the February 2021 winter storm. We may, in the future, experience manufacturing difficulties or permanent or temporary loss of manufacturing capacity due to the preceding or other risks. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on the timely supply of equipment and materials and could suffer if suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations or raise prices. Certain equipment and materials needed in our manufacturing operations are only available from a limited number of suppliers. 21 Our manufacturing operations depend on deliveries of equipment and materials in a timely manner and, in some cases, on a just-in-time basis. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit the amounts supplied to us or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Supply disruptions may also occur due to shortages in critical materials, such as silicon wafers or specialized chemicals. In addition, the imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions may significantly increase the costs, and otherwise adversely impact the availability of certain raw materials and supplies needed for our manufacturing operations. Because the equipment that we purchase is complex, it is frequently difficult or impossible for us to substitute one piece of equipment for another or replace one type of material with another. A failure by our suppliers to deliver our requirements could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of quality equipment or materials in a timely manner or if there are significant increases in the costs of equipment or materials due to current or expected inflation, trade restrictions or other reasons and we are not able to increase the price of our products. Failure of our third party suppliers to perform could adversely affect our results of operations. We currently use outside suppliers for a portion of our manufacturing capacity. Outsourcing our production presents a number of risks. If our outside suppliers are unable to satisfy our demand, or experience manufacturing difficulties, delays or reduced yields, our results of operations and ability to satisfy customer demand could suffer. For example, as part of the industry-wide shortage of semiconductors during 2022 we could not obtain sufficient silicon wafers from our foundry partners to meet the demand for our products, causing us not to fully supply the demand for our products, and negatively affecting our results of operations. In addition, purchasing rather than manufacturing these products may adversely affect our gross profit margin if the purchase costs of these products are higher than our own manufacturing costs would have been or if we are not able to increase the price of our products to reflect the higher input costs. Prices for foundry products also vary depending on capacity utilization rates at our suppliers, quantities demanded, product technology and geometry. Furthermore, these outsourcing costs can vary materially from quarter to quarter and, in cases of industry shortages like we experienced in 2022, they can increase significantly, which may negatively affect our gross profit if we are not able to increase the price of our products. In addition, we have entered into long-term supply agreements with certain key manufacturing partners. The failure of these suppliers to perform under these agreements or an unexpected reduction in demand for these products could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions in our relationships with any one of our key customers could adversely affect our business. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from our top customers, including our distributors. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate similar levels of revenue from our largest customers in the future. If one or more of these customers substantially reduce their purchases from us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We receive subsidies and grants in certain countries, and a reduction in the amount of governmental funding available to us or demands for repayment could increase our costs and affect our results of operations. As is the case with other large semiconductor companies, we receive subsidies and grants from governments in some countries. These programs are subject to periodic review by the relevant governments, and if any of these programs are curtailed or discontinued, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As the availability of government funding is outside our control, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to benefit from government support or that sufficient alternative funding will be available if we lose such support. Moreover, if we terminate any activities or operations, including strategic alliances or joint ventures, we may face adverse actions from the local governmental agencies providing such subsidies to us. In such event that we don't meet the subsidies grant conditions, such government agencies could seek to recover such subsidies from us, and they could cancel or reduce other subsidies we receive from them. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain natural disasters, such as flooding, heavy precipitation, large earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, may negatively impact our business. Climate change may cause a rising number of natural disasters that could negatively affect our operations. Environmental and other disasters, such as flooding, heavy precipitation large earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or nuclear or other disasters, or a combination thereof may negatively impact our business. If flooding, heavy precipitation, a large earthquake, volcanic eruption or, extreme weather event or other natural disaster were to 22 directly damage, destroy or disrupt our manufacturing facilities, it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of existing inventory or result in costly repairs, replacements or other costs, all of which would negatively impact our business. Even if our manufacturing facilities are not directly damaged, a large natural disaster may result in disruptions in distribution channels, supply chains, movement of goods and significant increases in the prices of raw materials used for our manufacturing process. For instance, the nuclear incident following the tsunami in Japan in 2011 impacted the supply chains of our customers and suppliers. Furthermore, any disaster affecting our customers (or their respective customers) may significantly negatively impact the demand for our products and our revenues. In addition, climate change could cause certain natural disasters, such as drought, wildfires, storms, flooding or rising sea levels, to occur more frequently or with greater intensity. Such natural disasters pose physical risks to our manufacturing, IT facilities or our suppliers facilities, or could disrupt the availability of water and utilities necessary for the operation of our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities resulting in increased operating costs and business disruption, such as the disruption to our Austin, Texas manufacturing facilities caused by the February 2021 winter storm and weather-related disruption of water and utilities to these facilities. In addition, semiconductor manufacturing is a water-intensive process. Many of our manufacturing sites and those of our suppliers are located in semi arid regions that may become increasingly vulnerable to prolonged droughts associated with evolving changes to the climate, which may lead to water scarcity. If we and our suppliers are not able to implement adequate water recycling and conservation measures or if the water scarcity in a particular region becomes acute and restricts the availability of water necessary for the operation of our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities, our business may be significantly negatively impacted. The impact of any such natural disasters depends on the specific geographic circumstances but could be significant, as some of our factories are located in areas with known earthquake fault zones, flood or storm risks, including but not limited to Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia or Thailand. There is increasing concern that climate change is occurring that may cause a rising number of natural disasters with potentially dramatic effects on human activity. We cannot predict the economic impact, if any, of natural disasters or climate change. We may engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions or make investments, or be unable to consummate planned strategic acquisitions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including joint ventures, and make investments which we believe are important to the future of our business. We routinely acquire businesses and other assets, including patents, technology and other intangible assets, enter into joint ventures or other strategic transactions, and purchase minority equity interests in or make loans to companies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to integrate the businesses in an efficient and effective manner and achieve anticipated synergies, and we may not be successful in these efforts. Such integration is complex and time-consuming and involves significant challenges, including, among others: retaining key employees; integration of new employees, technology, products, operations, sales and distribution channels, business models, facilities and business systems; retaining customers and suppliers of the businesses; consolidating research and development operations; and consolidating corporate and administrativ