=== NXPI_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report, the following: market demand and semiconductor industry conditions; our ability to successfully introduce new technologies and products; the demand for the goods into which our products are incorporated; recent changes in global trade policy including tariffs and related trade actions announced by the U.S., China and other countries, potential increase of barriers to international trade, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs, and resulting disruptions to our established supply chains; the impact of government actions and regulations, including as a result of executive orders, including restrictions on the export of products and technology; increasing and evolving cybersecurity threats and privacy risks; our ability to accurately estimate demand and match our production capacity accordingly or obtain supplies from third-party producers; our access to production from third-party outsourcing partners, and any events that might affect their business or our relationship with them; our ability to secure adequate and timely supply of equipment and materials from suppliers; our ability to avoid operational problems and product defects and, if such issues were to arise, to correct them quickly; our ability to form strategic partnerships and joint ventures and successfully cooperate with our strategic alliance partners; our ability to win competitive bid selection processes; our ability to develop products for use in our customers equipment and products; our ability to successfully hire and retain key management and senior product engineers; global hostilities, including the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting regional instability, sanctions and any other retaliatory measures taken against Russia, and the continued hostilities and armed conflict in the Middle East, which could adversely impact the global supply chain, disrupt our operations or negatively impact the demand for our products in our primary end markets; our ability to maintain good relationships with our suppliers; our ability to integrate acquired businesses in an efficient and effective manner; our ability to generate sufficient cash, raise sufficient capital or refinance our debt at or before maturity to meet our debt service, research and development and capital investment requirements; and a change in tax laws could have an effect on our estimated effective tax rates. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements and disclaim any obligation to update our view of any risks or uncertainties described herein or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report, except as required by law. In addition, this Annual Report contains information concerning the semiconductor industry, our end markets and business generally, which is forward-looking in nature and is based on a variety of assumptions regarding the ways in which the semiconductor industry, our end markets and business will develop. We have based these assumptions on 1 information currently available to us, including through the market research and industry reports referred to in this Annual Report. If any one or more of these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, actual market results may differ from those predicted. While we do not know what impact any such differences may have on our business, if there are such differences, they could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak to results only as of the date the statements were made. Except for any ongoing obligation to disclose material information as required by the United States federal securities laws, NXP does not have any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after we file this document with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, whether to reflect any future events or circumstances or otherwise. The financial information included in this Annual Report is based on United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), unless otherwise indicated. In presenting and discussing our financial position, operating results and cash flows, management uses certain non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. These non-U.S. GAAP financial measures should not be viewed in isolation or as alternatives to the equivalent U.S. GAAP measures and should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. A discussion of non-U.S. GAAP measures included in this Annual Report and a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures are set forth under Use of Certain Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures contained in this Annual Report under Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Unless otherwise required, all references herein to we , our , us , NXP and the Company are to NXP Semiconductors N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries. This Annual Report includes market data and certain other statistical information and estimates that are based on reports and other publications from industry analysts, market research firms, and other independent sources, as well as management s own good faith estimates and analyses. NXP believes these third-party reports to be reputable, but has not independently verified the underlying data sources, methodologies or assumptions. The reports and other publications referenced are generally available to the public and were not commissioned by NXP. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. 2 Part I Item 1. Business Company Overview NXP Semiconductors N.V. is a global semiconductor company and a long-standing supplier in the industry, with over 70 years of innovation and operating history. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated revenue of $12,269 million, compared to $12,614 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. We provide leading solutions that leverage our combined portfolio of intellectual property, deep application knowledge, process technology and manufacturing expertise in the domains of embedded processing, mixed-signal analog-digital (mixed A/D), power management, digital signal processing, cryptography-security, high-speed interface, radio frequency (RF), and embedded system design. Our product solutions are used in a wide range of end market applications including: automotive, industrial Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, and communication infrastructure. We engage with leading global companies and sell products in all major geographic regions. Our legal name is NXP Semiconductors N.V. and our commercial name is NXP or NXP Semiconductors. We were incorporated in the Netherlands in 2006 and are a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap). Our corporate seat is in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. Our principal executive office is at High Tech Campus 60, 5656 AG Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and our telephone number is +31 40 2729999. Our registered agent in the United States is NXP USA, Inc., 6501 William Cannon Dr. West, Austin, Texas 78735, United States of America, phone number +1 512 9338214. Semiconductor Market Overview Semiconductors perform a broad variety of functions within electronic products and systems, including processing data, sensing, storing information and converting or controlling electronic signals. Semiconductors vary significantly depending upon the specific function or application of the end product in which the semiconductor is used and the customer who is deploying it. Semiconductors also vary on a number of technical characteristics including the degree of integration, level of customization, programmability and the process technology utilized to manufacture the semiconductor. Advances in semiconductor technology have increased the functionality and performance of semiconductors, improving their features and power consumption characteristics while reducing their size and cost. These advances have resulted in growth of semiconductors and electronic content across a diverse array of products. The semiconductor market totaled $791.7 billion in 2025. Business Combinations On June 17, 2025, NXP announced the closing of the acquisition of 100% of TTTech Auto for $766 million in cash ($675 million net of cash acquired). TTTech Auto is a leader in innovating unique safety-critical systems and middleware for software-defined vehicles (SDVs). The TTTech Auto acquisition complements and expands NXP s system and software offerings in the Automotive and Industrial IoT end markets. On October 24, 2025, NXP closed the previously announced acquisition of 100% of Aviva Links for $222 million in cash ($202 million net of cash acquired) and $26 million through the settlement of previously held investments in Aviva Links. Aviva Links is a provider of Automotive SerDes Alliance (ASA) compliant in-vehicle connectivity solutions. The Aviva Links acquisition complements and expands NXP s automotive networking solutions in the Automotive and Industrial IoT end markets. On October 27, 2025, NXP closed the previously announced acquisition of 100% of Kinara, Inc. for $284 million in cash ($283 million net of cash acquired). Kinara is an industry leader in high performance, energy-efficient and programmable discrete neural processing units (NPUs). The Kinara acquisition complements and expands NXP s solutions for AI-powered edge systems in the Industrial IoT and Automotive end markets. 3 Reporting Segment NXP has one reportable segment representing the entity as a whole, which reflects the way in which our chief operating decision maker, Rafael Sotomayor, executes operating decisions, allocates resources, and manages the growth and profitability of the Company. End Market Exposure Our product groups are focused on four primary end markets that we believe are characterized by long-term, attractive growth opportunities and where we believe we enjoy sustained, competitive differentiation through our technology leadership. The four end markets are Automotive, Industrial IoT, Mobile, and Communication Infrastructure Other. Automotive Industrial IoT Mobile Comm Infra Other Core Auto MCU (non-S32) In-vehicle infotainment (IVI) In-vehicle networking (IVN) Advanced Analog Secure Car Access Processors Analog Security Connectivity Secure Mobile payment Access Solutions Custom Analog Interfaces Secure Card Solutions Legacy Networking Processors RF Power Amplifiers Accelerated Growth SDV Radar Systems Electrification Connectivity Intelligent Edge Systems i. Automotive Growth in automotive semiconductor sales relies on (1) global vehicle sales and production trends and (2) the increase in semiconductor content per vehicle. In the past few years, and going forward, we believe the latter will be the most important driver for growth in the automotive semiconductor market, while the stagnation of global vehicle sales and production will make the former less relevant. The increase of the average semiconductor content is being driven by the proliferation of electronic features throughout the vehicle, especially for advanced driver assistance system (ADAS), and by the increasing penetration of electrified vehicles, which have much higher semiconductor content. Furthermore, the evolution into new vehicle architectures that allow the implementation of software defined vehicles (SDV) is expected to help contribute to the increase of the semiconductor content per vehicle. We believe three mega-trends will drive the semiconductor content increase in the future: Autonomous driving, electrification and SDVs. Each of the megatrends involve new functions and each new function requires new technologies. The path to full autonomy is driving the increase of driver assistance systems in the car already today. In the same way, strict emissions regulations as well as consumer willingness for energy efficient cars are accelerating the penetration of electrification. Last but not least, many consumers want their cars to be service oriented, hyper-connected, configurable and upgradeable, in the same way as they are used to with their smartphones. We expect such consumer demands will lead to new vehicle architectures and eventually to SDVs. Semiconductor content per vehicle continues to increase due to government regulation of safety and emissions, standardization of higher-end options across a greater number of vehicle classes as well as consumer demand for greater fuel efficiency, advanced safety, multimedia applications and connectivity. Automotive safety features are evolving from passive safety systems to active safety systems with ADAS such as radar and vision systems. Semiconductor content is also increasing in engine management and fuel economy applications, like Battery Management Systems (BMS). Comfort and convenience systems and user interface applications, as well as infotainment features such as digital audio broadcasting are also areas with high semiconductor content increases. In addition, the use of networking in automotive applications continues to increase as various subsystems communicate within the automobile and with external devices and networks. Furthermore, we believe networking will play a key role in the electrical/electronic architecture transformation towards domain and zonal architectures. Smart car access, automotive Ultra-Wideband (UWB) and Near-Field Communication (NFC) are gaining ground in automotive as well, enabling the connection of vehicles and car keys to portable devices and the infrastructure. Data integrity and security hardware features for safeguarding memory, communication and system data are also increasing in importance. Due to the high degree of regulatory scrutiny and safety requirements, the automotive semiconductor market is characterized by stringent qualification processes, zero defect quality processes, functionally safe design architecture, high reliability, extensive design-in timeframes and long product life cycles, which results in significant barriers to entry. 4 ii. Industrial IoT The world is becoming smarter, more connected and more data driven, and the Industrial IoT market sits at the center of this global digital transformation. The Industrial IoT market is highly fragmented with a diverse collection of products and applications such as factory automation, home and building automation, appliances, home entertainment, power and energy and healthcare solutions. The need for productivity increase requiring real-time insights and efficient processes for factory automation, the reduction of resource consumption and better energy efficiency for smart factories and buildings, the enhancement in consumer convenience security and comfort for smart homes, the increase in performance requirements for processing content in smart consumer devices, the need for better health prevention and monitoring solutions, are some of the key use-cases and trends driving growth in Industrial IoT. Carbon emissions reduction efforts (global net zero emission commitments) will also be a key growth driver with large transformations expected of our energy systems. Factories, buildings and homes will need to rely much more on renewable energy (e.g., solar, wind) and increase efficient use of energy. The way we generate and store energies will likely be more distributed. The energy ecosystem needs to develop and ensure smart, efficient and reliable power delivery. These trends drive the replacement of traditional mechanical equipment by smart, energy-saving and connected electronic equipment using various sensors, processors, connectivity, analog and security chipsets that align well with NXP s portfolio and ability to provide customers with system solutions across these applications segments. Finally, with the growing number of connected devices and increasing data generation, latency, privacy and bandwidth have become critical limiting factors. Intelligent edge solutions solve this by bringing the intelligence closer to the source. Edge systems reduce the dependency on the cloud, lowering power consumption, strengthening data protection. They are, most of the time, autonomous and real-time. They handle data and do decisions locally. NXP's scalable low power solutions across the entire embedded processing spectrum are ideally suited here. iii. Mobile Mobile includes applications such as smartphones, feature phones, tablets, wearables and mobile accessories. NXP has a strong focus on mobile wallet, Ultra-Wideband (UWB) and specialty custom analog solutions. The demand for faster speeds, improved battery life, fast charging, mobile wallets, highly secure localization and sensing technology, mobile transit and authentication is driving increased semiconductor content for NXP. The growth in this market is mainly driven by the increasing attach rate of these features across devices, vendors and regions, from flagship smartphones down to feature phones, from developed countries to emerging regions. UWB, thanks to its unique precision, robustness, and reliability, is emerging as a secure, fine-ranging technology capable of enabling a wide range of innovative location-based user experiences. The technology is gaining momentum thanks to wider chipset availability, adoption across various devices by multiple brands, and the formation of a strong UWB ecosystem across the whole supply chain where NXP is well positioned. iv. Communication Infrastructure Other The Communication Infrastructure Other end market is a combination of three different application markets, namely secure edge identification, 5G radio power and digital network communication solutions. In secure edge identification solutions, NXP has extensive experience providing customers with solutions for applications demanding the highest security and reliability such as ePassports, eID credentials, transportation payment cards. Included as well in this end market is the growing RFID market that uses wireless technology for identification and tracking of objects. Further digitalization of governmental services, the trend towards secure contactless payment and the need to improve tracking, traceability and authentication of products are driving demand across these applications. Most countries in the world have migrated their wireless infrastructure to 5G network technology. This application market provides base station radio units with power amplifiers for improved signal throughput and efficiency. 5 Finally, the increasing number of connected devices exchanging more data in the cloud and on the device edge, combined with demand for improved digital communication drives demand in the network communications market. Products We offer customers a broad portfolio of semiconductor products for building advanced systems, including microcontrollers, application processors, communication processors, connectivity chipsets, analog and interface devices, RF power amplifiers, security controllers, sensors and foundational system middleware. Using our strong Automotive Industrial portfolios, we are enhancing our product offerings by providing system solution platforms including safety case enablement and software defined vehicle (SDV) middleware for the growing ecosystems in around vehicles, smart factories, robotics, homes and buildings. Enabling innovation at our customers as well as reducing complexity, integration efforts and shorten time to market is a key element of our strategy. We believe we have the broadest Arm processor portfolio in the industry, from microcontrollers to crossover processors and from application processors to communication processors. i. Microcontrollers We have been a provider of MCU solutions for more than 40 years. MCUs integrate all of the major components of a computing system onto a single semiconductor device. Typically, this includes a programmable processor core, memory, interface circuitry and other components. MCUs provide the digital logic, or intelligence, for electronic applications, controlling electronic equipment or analyzing sensor inputs. We are a trusted, long-term supplier of MCUs to many of our customers, especially in the automotive, smartcards, industrial and consumer markets. Our MCU product portfolio ranges from 8-bit products to higher performance 16-bit and 32-bit products with on-board flash memory. Our portfolio is highly scalable, and is coupled with our extensive software and design tools. This enables our customers to design-in and deploy our MCU families, leveraging a consistent software development environment. Due to the scalability of our portfolio we are able to help future-proof our customer s products as their systems evolve, becoming more complex or requiring greater processing capabilities over time. In an increasingly connected and networked society, where security is playing a more important role, our MCU families are equipped with varying security features (such as remote authentication, system/data integrity, secure communication and anomaly detection) to address different type of security risks. For automotive applications, our microcontrollers deliver the required reliability, security and functional safety to address current and future automotive challenges. Our S32x Automotive Processing Platform offers scalability across products and multiple application domains with S32K MCU s based on Arm Cortex-M cores up to the Automotive Safety Integrity Level (ASIL-D) capabilities. Our i.MX RT crossover processors are built using applications processors chassis, delivering a high level of integration, high speed peripherals, enhanced security, and engines for enhanced user experience (for example, 2D/3D graphics), but powered by a low-power MCU core running a real-time operating system like Amazon Free RTOS or Zephyr RTOS. The i.MX RT series offers the high performing Arm Cortex-M core, real-time functionality, and MCU usability at an affordable price. Our new MCX MCU family of Arm Cortex-M based MCUs, builds on the strength of our Kinetis and LPC portfolio. The MCX series also integrates our machine learning neural processing unit for machine learning applications. ii. Application Processors Application processors, also known as SoCs, consist of a computing core with external memory and special-purpose hardware accelerators and software for secure applications that support standard application operating systems such as Linux, and are targeted at specific applications, such as multimedia to run graphics and video, system networking management, or specialized processing. Our products focus on consumer devices, industrial applications and automotive applications, like driver information systems, ADAS and vehicle networking. We provide highly integrated Arm-based i.MX application processors with integrated audio, video and graphics capability that are optimized for low-power and high-performance applications. Our i.MX family of processors are designed in conjunction with a broad suite of additional products including power management solutions, audio codecs, touch sensors and accelerometers to provide full systems solutions across a wide range of operating systems and applications. Our i.MX 8 and 9 families are the latest generations of our general purpose application processors. Our i.MX 8 family is a feature and performance scalable multi-core platform that includes single, dual and quad-core families based on the Arm Cortex architecture for advanced graphics, imaging, machine vision, audio, voice, video, and safety-critical applications. Together, these products provide a family of applications processors featuring software, power and pin compatibility across single, dual and quad 6 core implementations. Software support includes Linux and Android implementations. Our i.MX 9 series of application processors integrates hardware neural processing units across the entire series for acceleration of machine learning applications at the edge. In 2025, NXP acquired Kinara to complement NXP s existing range of processors. Kinara brings high-performance, energy-efficient Discrete Neural Processing Units (NPUs), optimized specifically for generative artificial intelligence (AI) and large language models, to the NXP portfolio. Together with NXP s existing processors, connectivity, and security solutions, these NPU's help form a scalable platform for AI-powered edge systems. In Automotive, our S32x Automotive Processing Platform offers scalability across products and multiple application domains based on Arm Cortex-A, Cortex-R, and Cortex-M cores up to Automotive Safety Integrity Level (ASIL-D) capabilities with software compatibility from the MCUs to SoCs. iii. Communication Processors Communication processors combine a computing core, caches and other memories, with high-speed networking and input/output interfaces, such as Ethernet and PCI Express. Our portfolio includes 64-bit Arm-based Layerscape processors with up to 16 CPUs and Ethernet ports running at up to 100Gbps. Software support includes Linux and commercial real-time operating systems. Within enterprise and data-center communications infrastructure, our processors are used in switches, routers, SD-WAN access devices, Wi-Fi access points, and network security systems. Within service-provider communications infrastructure, our processors are used in cellular base stations, fixed wireless access Customer Premises Equipment (CPE), residential gateways, broadband aggregation systems, and core networking equipment. Although designed for use in communications infrastructure, these processors are also used in industrial and cloud server offload-applications. We also offer Layerscape Access processors, which implement baseband functions, principally for wireless systems such as 5G fixed wireless access and small cells. iv. Wireless Connectivity We offer a broad portfolio of connectivity solutions, including NFC, UWB, Bluetooth low-energy (BLE), Zigbee, Thread as well as Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi/Bluetooth integrated SoCs. These products are integrated into a wide variety of end devices, such as mobile phones, wearables, enterprise access points, home gateways, voice assistants, multimedia devices, gaming consoles, printers, automotive infotainment and smart industrial devices. v. Analog and Interface Products We have a very broad portfolio of Analog and Interface products that are used in many markets, particularly Automotive, Industrial IoT and Mobile. In Automotive, we are the market leader in most of the applications, with integrated 77Ghz Radar solution for ADAS, battery management products for Electrification, audio processing solutions and amplifiers for car entertainment, Controller Area Network (CAN), Local Interconnect Network (LIN), FlexRay Ethernet and SerDes (from the Aviva Links acquisition) solutions for in-vehicle networking and two-way secure products for secure car access. In Industrial IoT and Mobile, we are a major supplier in interface, power and high-performance analog products. Our product portfolios includes I2C/I C, General Purpose Input/Output (GPIO), LED controllers, real-time clocks, signal and load switches, signal integrity products, wired charging solutions, fast charging solutions, DC-DC, AC-DC converters and high-performance RF amplifiers. We have also successfully engaged with leading global companies to drive custom and semi-custom products which in turn allow us to refine and accelerate our innovation and product roadmaps. vi. Radio Frequency Devices NXP is the market leader in High-Performance Radio Frequency (HPRF) power amplifiers. We have an extensive portfolio of LDMOS, GaN and GaAs RF transistors. NXP s solutions range from sub-6GHz to 40GHz and from milliwatts to kilowatts. For base stations, NXP offers a full range of solutions addressing 5G RF power amplification needs from MIMO to massive MIMO based active antenna systems for cellular and millimeter Wave (mmWave) spectrum bands. We are engaged with the majority of the largest customers in mobile base stations and in several other application areas. In low and medium Power Amplification, NXPs low noise amplifier (LNA) portfolio offers solutions to meet future design needs in a wide range of applications. Two technologies serve the LNA portfolio, each with distinct advantages for their applications. Wireless infrastructure applications and many general wireless applications are served with III-V technology LNAs. Advanced SiGe technology is utilized in LNAs designed for wireless communication, cellular, consumer, automotive and industrial applications. 7 vii. Security Controllers NXP is the market leader in security controller ICs. Our security controller ICs are embedded in smart cards (ePassports, electronic ID credentials, payment cards and transportation cards), as well as in consumer electronic and smart devices, for example in smartphones, tablets and wearables. These security controller ICs are suited for applications demanding the highest security and reliability. Nearly all of our security products consist of multi-functional solutions comprised of passive RF connectivity devices facilitating information transfer from the user document to reader infrastructure; secure, tamper-proof microcontroller devices in which information is securely encrypted ( secure element ); and secure real-time operating system software products to facilitate the encryption-decryption of data, and the interaction with the reader in