=== ISRG_2026-02-03.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider each of the following risk factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results of operations. In addition, the global economic environment may amplify many of these risks. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS OUR COMMERCIAL LANDSCAPE IS HIGHLY COMPETITIVE, AND CUSTOMERS MAY CHOOSE OUR COMPETITORS’ PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR MAY NOT ACCEPT ROBOTIC-ASSISTED MEDICAL PROCEDURES, WHICH COULD RESULT IN REDUCED REVENUE AND LOSS OF CUSTOMERS. Robotic-assisted medical procedures with a da Vinci surgical system or Ion endoluminal system are technologies that compete with established and emerging treatment options in reconstructive medical procedures or disease management. These competitive treatment options include open surgery, conventional MIS (laparoscopy), drug therapies, radiation treatment, and other emerging diagnostic and interventional surgical approaches. Some of these procedures are widely accepted in the medical community and, in many cases, have a long history of use. Technological advances could make such treatment options more effective or less expensive than using our products, which could render our products obsolete or unmarketable. Also, studies could be published that show that other treatment options are more beneficial and/or cost-effective than robotic-assisted medical procedures. We cannot be certain that physicians, or their patients, will choose our products to replace or supplement established treatment options or that our products will continue to be competitive with current or future technologies. For example, in 2023, certain drugs initially approved for use in diabetes patients gained acceptance for use in weight loss treatment following FDA approvals for weight loss indications. The availability and effectiveness of weight loss drugs have reduced the number of bariatric procedures performed, including those bariatric procedures performed using our da Vinci surgical system, as some patients reconsider the surgical treatment option. At this time, it is difficult to predict the long-term commercial impact of these drugs, including their long-term efficacy as weight loss drugs and potential drawbacks. Additionally, we currently face, or anticipate facing, competition from companies with products used in open or MIS surgeries, including laparoscopy and alternative multi-port, single-port, or endoluminal systems. We also compete with companies providing other therapeutic approaches for addressing target clinical conditions, as well as companies developing diagnostic solutions that could serve as alternatives to current or planned Intuitive offerings. Companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic-assisted medical procedures, or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field, include, but are not limited to, the following: Beijing Surgerii Robotics Company Limited; CMR Surgical Ltd.; Distalmotion SA; Harbin Sizhe Rui Intelligent Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.; Johnson & Johnson; Karl Storz SE & Co. KG; Medicaroid Corporation; Medtronic plc; meerecompany Inc.; Noah Medical Corporation; Shandong Weigao Group Medical Polymer Company Ltd.; Shanghai Microport Medbot (Group) Co., Ltd.; Shenzhen Edge Medical Co., Ltd.; and SS Innovations International, Inc. Other companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of medical robotics and become competitors. Additionally, we expect increasing competition within China for robotic-assisted systems. We may not be able to maintain or improve our commercial position against current or potential competitors. Our revenues may be reduced due to pricing pressure if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. Robotic or other competitors may respond more quickly to or integrate new or emerging technologies in their product offerings, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have access to unique clinical information to support ongoing product position with customers, have greater financial, marketing, and other resources, or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees, and strategic partners. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and other public and private research organizations may conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or result of operations. In addition, third-party service providers that service da Vinci surgical system and Ion endoluminal system operators may emerge and compete with us on price or offerings. To date, substantially all of our customers have sourced services on their systems from us through service contract commitments or time and materials contracts. Furthermore, there are third-party service providers offering consulting services targeted at analyzing the cost-effectiveness of hospitals’ robotic-assisted medical programs, including procedures performed, placement of systems, and consumption of instruments and accessories. We provide similar services and analysis to our customers, but it is difficult to assess the impact that this may have on our business. If we are unable to compete successfully with any third-party service providers, our revenues may suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or result of operations. 27 Table of Contents WE ARE SUBJECT TO A VARIETY OF RISKS DUE TO OUR OPERATIONS OUTSIDE OF THE U.S. We perform research and development activities, manufacture, and distribute our products in OUS markets. Revenue from OUS markets accounted for approximately 32%, 33%, and 34% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Our OUS operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks including: • the failure to obtain or maintain the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property rights due to differing intellectual property protection laws in OUS countries from those in the U.S.; • multiple OUS regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could impact our ability to manufacture and sell our products; • changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and regulatory requirements, such as the enactment of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. including, but not limited to, potential tariffs on goods imported from Mexico where we manufacture a significant majority of our instruments and accessories that we sell; • protectionist laws, policies, and business practices that favor local competitors or lead non-U.S. customers to favor domestic technology solutions over imports, which could slow our growth, increase our costs, or make our products less competitive in OUS markets; • local or national regulations that make it difficult or impractical to market or use our products; • U.S. relations with the governments of the other countries in which we operate; • the inability or regulatory limitations on our ability to move goods across borders; • the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; • the difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing OUS operations, including appropriate business procedures and controls and differing labor relations; • the expense of establishing facilities and operations in new foreign markets; • compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), UK Bribery Act of 2010 (“UK Bribery Act”), and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; • adherence to antitrust and anti-competition laws; and • economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets, including exposure to a higher degree of financial risk if we extend credit to customers in these economies. We have increased, and will continue to increase, our operations in China. There is inherent risk, based on the complex and changing dynamic between China and the U.S., that political, diplomatic, military, or other events could result in business disruptions, including, but not limited to, increased policy or regulatory enforcement against companies, tariffs, trade embargoes, or export restrictions. Tariffs increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. These increased costs adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products. Tariffs can also make our products more expensive for customers, which could make our products less competitive when compared to those products offered by domestic companies and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also adopt other measures, such as controls on imports or exports of goods, technology, or data, which could adversely impact our operations and supply chain and limit our ability to offer our products and services as designed. These measures can require us to take various actions, including changing suppliers and restructuring business relationships. Changing our operations in accordance with new or changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. Political and policy uncertainty surrounding trade and other bilateral and multilateral issues could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending. Additionally, our joint venture works with and relies on a number of dealers, distributors, and other third parties to commercialize and deliver our products. Any of these events could reduce customer demand, increase the cost of our products and services, or otherwise have a materially adverse impact on our customers’ and suppliers’ businesses or results of operations. For example, in 2020, the U.S. government amended the Entity List rules to expand the requirement to obtain a license prior to the export of certain technologies. In addition, in 2020, a new U.S. regulation sought to prohibit the U.S. government from contracting directly with companies that use the products or services of certain Chinese companies in the provision of their services to the U.S. government. This regulation was then expanded to prohibit companies contracting with the U.S. government from using the products or services of certain Chinese companies anywhere in their operations. Based on our current understanding of these regulations, they do not materially adversely impact our business at this time. However, we cannot predict the impact that additional policy, legislative, or regulatory changes may have on our business in the future. These actions or similar actions may result in retaliatory policies and regulations promulgated in China that could adversely affect our business operations in China or may otherwise limit our ability to offer our products and services in China and other parts of the world. 28 Table of Contents In China, we have seen increasing competition in the robotic-assisted surgical system industry from domestic companies as well as a sustained broader central government focus on anti-corruption and systematic governance. For example, in July 2023, the Chinese government launched an anti-corruption and systematic governance campaign targeting the healthcare sector. This campaign resulted in heightened scrutiny by medical institutions with respect to initiating tenders, with some tenders being canceled or delayed without a timeline. The extent and impact of this campaign on our business remains uncertain. In 2025, the effects of this campaign, combined with the competitive dynamics in China and various measures related to industrial policy, contributed to fewer systems being placed in China than we anticipated. Currently, the extent and impact of this campaign and the competitive dynamics in China on our business remains uncertain. The UK is in the process of overhauling its medical device regulatory framework following its departure from the European Union (“EU”). The UK regulatory framework will apply in Great Britain only, as Northern Ireland continues to follow the EU Medical Devices Regulation (“MDR”). New post-market surveillance requirements took effect on June 16, 2025, while a draft of additional rules governing device classification and pre-market approval pathways are expected to be published in 2026. The divergence of the new UK rules from EU law could adversely affect or delay our ability to obtain approval for our medical device products in the UK. In addition, any delays in implementation, changes in interpretation, or additional requirements under the new UK regime could adversely affect our ability to market and service our products in Great Britain, which could have adverse impacts on our business. The U.S. federal government has made changes to the U.S. trade policy, including entering into a successor to the North American Free Trade Agreement (“NAFTA”), known as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”), effective as of July 1, 2020. In addition, during 2025, the U.S. federal government imposed new tariffs on imports from various countries including Mexico, Germany, and China, among others. Such tariffs and, if enacted, any further legislation or actions taken by the U.S. federal government that restrict trade, such as additional tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by governments in other countries, including reciprocal tariffs, limitations on government procurement, or technology export restrictions, could adversely impact our global operations and our ability to sell products and services in our OUS markets. Tariffs could increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. These increased costs could adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to offer our products and services, which could increase uncertainties and associated risks relating to our global operations. The ultimate impact of any tariffs will depend on various factors, including if any tariffs are ultimately implemented, the timing of implementation, and the amount, scope, and nature of the tariffs. More generally, several governments, including the U.S., have raised the possibility of policies to induce “re-shoring” of supply chains, less reliance on imported supplies, and greater national production. Examples include potential “Buy America” requirements in the U.S. If such steps by local governments triggered retaliation in other markets restricting access to foreign products in purchases by their government-owned healthcare systems, the result may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or result of operations. In certain markets, our OUS sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive and/or less affordable in those OUS markets. If we are unable to meet and manage these risks noted above, our OUS operations may not be successful, which would limit the growth of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or result of operations. WE ARE SUBJECT TO LITIGATION, INVESTIGATIONS, AND OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO OUR PRODUCTS, CUSTOMERS, COMPETITORS, AND GOVERNMENT REGULATORS THAT MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We are, and may become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. Certain current lawsuits and pending proceedings to which we are party, including purported class actions, product liability litigation, and patent litigation, are described in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. In particular, our business exposes us to significant risks of patent claims, product liability claims, and competition claims (including antitrust claims), many of which are common in the medical device industry. For example, product liability claims have been brought against us by, or on behalf of, individuals alleging that they have sustained personal injuries and/or death as a result of purported product defects, the alleged failure to warn, and/or the alleged inadequate training by us of physicians regarding the use of our products. The individuals who have brought the product liability claims seek recovery for their alleged personal injuries and, in many cases, punitive damages. Product liability claims have resulted in negative publicity regarding our Company, and ongoing or future product liability or negligence claims or product recalls could also harm our reputation. Refer to our risk factor titled “Negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and reduced revenues” for additional 29 Table of Contents risks related to the potential effects of negative publicity on our business. Also, antitrust claims have been brought against us by third parties looking to compete in the instruments or servicing space and by certain customers. The outcome of these product liability claims and other legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. We purchase and maintain business insurance for certain liabilities and self-insure our product liability claims through a fronting policy. We cannot determine whether our existing business insurance program would be sufficient to cover the costs or potential losses related to our lawsuits and legal proceedings or otherwise be excluded under the terms of any insurance policy. Additionally, regardless of merit, litigation may be time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and cause significant legal costs (including settlements, judgments, legal fees, and other related defense costs) and diversion of management attention. We could also be subject to governmental investigations in connection with some of these and other claims. If we do not prevail in these legal proceedings, we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. WE OFFER USAGE-BASED ARRANGEMENTS, INCLUDING ALTERNATIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION APPROACHES; AS A RESULT, WE ARE EXPOSED TO AN INCREASED RISK OF LOSSES OF REVENUE AND INCREASED CREDIT RISK, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We are increasingly offering usage-based arrangements as part of our business model. As a result, we are exposed to an increased risk of losses of revenue in any period where the usage decreases. Moreover, our pricing is generally set based on the expected usage of the technology. Therefore, if utilization of our technology falls short of the anticipated levels, we may not be able to recover the costs associated with the technology, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We believe customer financing through leasing is an important consideration for some of our customers and have experienced an increase in demand for customer financing. Lease financing arrangements have the effect of reducing cash flows at lease commencement and, instead, spread them over the life of the lease term, which increases the time taken to recover our product costs and can impact our liquidity. We may experience losses from a customer’s failure to make payments according to the contractual lease terms. Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage, and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risks, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing credit risks relating to these lease financing arrangements. If the level of credit losses we experience in the future exceeds our expectations, such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. In addition to fixed-payment leases, we lease our systems to certain qualified customers where the lease payments are based on their usage of the systems. If customers do not perform a sufficient number of procedures on our systems leased under usage-based arrangements, it could impact our profitability on those arrangements and our overall results of operations. Moreover, the usage of those systems and related billings could vary from quarter to quarter, which could result in higher variability in our revenue under those arrangements, including a significant reduction in revenue if the usage ends, fluctuations in our gross profit margins if utilization is different than our expectations, and unpredictable cash flows. Moreover, there is risk in forecasting future utilization of a system and, therefore, we may not set our usage-based rates high enough to maintain our gross profit margins. Additionally, certain leasing arrangements allow customers to cancel, return, or upgrade the systems leased prior to the end of the lease term without incurring a financial penalty, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If systems that are not fully depreciated are returned, we could incur additional losses, as we may not be able to recover the remaining value of those returned assets, thereby negatively impacting our financial results. While leases, including usage-based arrangements, enable our customers to upgrade and get access to new technologies faster, it may also enable competitors to more easily induce customers to switch to such competitors’ systems. Furthermore, depending on the timing and terms of the upgrade transaction, the amount of revenue generated on the initial and upgraded lease arrangements may not, in the aggregate, generate the same amount of revenue that a traditional sale and trade-in transaction would. OUR RELIANCE ON SOLE- AND SINGLE-SOURCED SUPPLIERS AND ABILITY TO PURCHASE AT ACCEPTABLE PRICES A SUFFICIENT SUPPLY OF MATERIALS COULD HARM OUR ABILITY TO MEET PRODUCT DEMAND IN A TIMELY MANNER OR WITHIN BUDGET. The manufacture of our products requires the timely delivery of a sufficient amount of quality components and materials and is highly exacting and complex, due in part to complex trade and strict regulatory requirements. Some of the components necessary for the assembly of our products are currently provided to us by sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers due to, among other things, quality considerations, unique intellectual property considerations, or constraints associated with regulatory requirements. We generally purchase components through purchase orders rather than long-term supply agreements 30 Table of Contents and generally do not maintain large volumes of components within our inventory. While alternative suppliers exist and could be identified for single-sourced components, the disruption or termination of the supply of components, or inflationary pressure in our supply chain, could cause a significant increase in the costs of these components, which could affect our operating results. Certain of our sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers could be adversely affected by the macroeconomic conditions. A disruption or termination in the supply of components could also result in our inability to meet demand for our products, which could harm our ability to generate revenues, lead to customer dissatisfaction, and damage our reputation and our brand. Furthermore, if we are required to change the manufacturer of a key component of our products, we may be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The time and processes associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could delay our ability to manufacture our products on schedule or within budget, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, our ability to meet customers’ demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components from our suppliers. An information technology systems interruption, including cyberattacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. Furthermore, the prices of commodities and other materials used in our products, which are often volatile and outside of our control, and may be subject to tariffs, could adversely impact our supply. Current supply chain constraints include difficulties in obtaining a sufficient supply of specific component materials impacted by evolving trade requirements and certain subcontract suppliers being operationally challenged to meet our production requirements. For example, in 2025, the Chinese government announced export controls and licensing requirements applicable to certain products containing Chinese-origin rare earth elements and may implement additional controls in the future. Rare earth elements are critical to certain components contained in our products, and China is a predominant producer of these materials. If implemented in their current or a similar form, these measures may require us to obtain export licenses for certain of our products, and we may further experience supply chain disruptions as a result of limited availability of critical materials and minerals due to the restrictions. If such supply chain constraints continue, we could also fail to meet product demand, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENTS AND INTRODUCTIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We develop and introduce new products with enhanced features and extended capabilities from time to time. We may introduce new products that target different customers than what our existing products target. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful research and development, regulatory clearances, approvals, or certifications, establishment or maintenance of intellectual property rights, pricing, competition, consumer acceptance, effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, management of manufacturing costs and capacity, management of supply costs, including mitigation of unforeseen supply chain disruptions for materials and components, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. We invest substantially in various research and development projects to expand our product offerings. Our research and development efforts are critical to our future success, and such research and development projects may not be successful. We may be unable to successfully develop and market new products, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers or meet our expectations. Our research and development investments may not contribute to our future operating results for several years or ultimately generate significant operating income, and such future contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. In addition, the introduction or announcement of new products or product enhancements may shorten the life cycle of our existing products or reduce the demand for our current products, thereby offsetting any benefits of successful product introductions and potentially leading to challenges in managing our inventory of existing products. Our products are subject to various regulatory processes, and we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and certifications in order to sell our new products. If a potential purchaser believes that we plan to introduce a new product in the near future or is located in a country where a new product that we have introduced has not yet received regulatory clearance or certification, planned purchases may be deferred or delayed. In the past, we have experienced a slowdown in the demand for existing products in advance of new product introductions, and we may experience a slowdown in such demand in the future as well. It is also possible that a new product introduction could cause downward pressure on the prices of our existing products or require us to change how we sell our products, either of which could have material adverse effects on our revenues. If we fail to effectively develop new products and manage new product introductions in the future, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely im

=== ISRG_2026-04-22.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, which could materially affect our business, financial position, or future results of operations. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial position, or future results of operations. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report. (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The table below summarizes our stock repurchase activity for the quarter ended March 31, 2026: Fiscal Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of a Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Amount of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (1) January 1 to January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1.7 billion February 1 to February 28, 2026 1,357,468 $ 491.83 1,357,468 $ 1.1 billion March 1 to March 31, 2026 945,757 $ 486.28 945,757 $ 0.6 billion Total during quarter ended March 31, 2026 2,303,225 $ 489.55 2,303,225 (1) Represents the cumulative amount remaining for stock repurchases under the Board-authorized Repurchase Program established in March 2009 (the “ Repurchase Program ” ). In May 2025, the Board increased the aggregate amount authorized under the Repurchase Program to $4.0 billion. Authorizations under the Repurchase Program do not expire. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Plans On January 27, 2026 , Amy L. Ladd, M.D. , a member of the Company’s Board of Directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Dr. Ladd’s trading plan provides for the potential sale of up to 619 shares of the Company’s common stock until January 29, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On January 27, 2026 , Keith R. Leonard Jr. , a member of the Company’s Board of Directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Mr. Leonard’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise and sale of up to 4,656 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options until January 27, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On January 28, 2026 , Jami Dover Nachtsheim , a member of the Company’s Board of Directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Ms. Nachtsheim’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise and sale of up to 2,235 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options until March 15, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading 44 window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On January 29, 2026 , Gary H. Loeb , the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Mr. Loeb’s trading plan provides for the potential sale of up to 2,800 shares of the Company’s common stock until January 29, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On January 30, 2026 , Amal M. Johnson , a member of the Company’s Board of Directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Ms. Johnson’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise and sale of up to 12,472 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options until January 30, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On February 5, 2026 , Craig H. Barratt, Ph.D. , a member of the Company’s Board of Directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Dr. Barratt’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise and sale of up to 4,635 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options until March 15, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On March 12, 2026 , David J. Rosa , the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company’s Board of Directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Mr. Rosa’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise and sale of up to 45,750 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options until August 15, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. On March 13, 2026 , Jamie E. Samath , the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Enterprise Technology Leader , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Mr. Samath’s trading plan provides for the potential sale of up to 23,171 shares of the Company’s common stock, including the potential exercise and sale of up to 7,805 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options, until May 20, 2027 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities. 45 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as Amended . 10-Q 000-30713 3.1 7/23/2020 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 10-Q 000-30713 3.1 10/20/2021 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 8-K 000-30713 3.1 2/1/2021 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS * Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File, because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104* Cover Page Interactive Data File – the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewi