=== ISRG_2026-02-03.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, and include, but are not limited to, those summarized on the following pages. 3 Table of Contents RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS Our commercial landscape is highly competitive, and customers may choose our competitors products or services or may not accept robotic-assisted medical procedures, which could result in reduced revenue and loss of customers. We are subject to a variety of risks due to our operations outside of the U.S. We are subject to litigation, investigations, and other legal proceedings relating to our products, customers, competitors, and government regulators that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We offer usage-based arrangements, including alternative capital acquisition approaches; as a result, we are exposed to an increased risk of losses of revenue and increased credit risk, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our reliance on sole- and single-sourced suppliers and ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient supply of materials could harm our ability to meet product demand in a timely manner or within budget. New product developments and introductions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We may encounter manufacturing problems or delays that could result in lost revenue. We expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Information technology system failures, cyberattacks, or deficiencies in our cybersecurity could harm our business, customer relations, financial condition, or results of operations. If our products do not achieve and maintain customer acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. If hospitals are unable to obtain coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products, if reimbursement is insufficient to cover the costs of purchasing our products, or if limitations are imposed by governments on the amount hospitals can charge for certain procedures, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to support our business. If our products contain defects or encounter performance problems, we may have to recall our products and our reputation may suffer. We utilize distributors for a portion of our sales and service of our products in certain countries, which subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The failure to attract and retain key personnel could harm our ability to compete, and changes in our existing labor relationships could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into our products, services, and operations may result in legal and regulatory risks or have other adverse consequences to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and reduced revenues. We could be subject to significant, uninsured losses, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We experience long and variable contracting cycles and seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results. Third parties may offer to sell remanufactured or unauthorized instruments and accessories to our customers or provide unauthorized service on our systems, which could adversely impact safety, our financial results, and our reputation. Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence, and responsible use of data, and any failure to comply may result in significant liability, negative publicity, and/or erosion of trust, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Ongoing and future global conflicts could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies or notified bodies could prevent our products from being cleared, certified, approved, or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, or could hinder their ability to procure our products, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Public health crises or epidemic diseases, or the perception of their effects, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration, licensing, joint venture, strategic alliance, or partnership arrangements with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such arrangements, which may have a 4 Table of Contents material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If we fail to successfully acquire or integrate new businesses, products, and technology, we may not realize expected benefits, or our business may be harmed. We are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market value of our investments. Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with real estate construction and development. Climate change, natural disasters, or other events beyond our control could disrupt our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We use estimates, make judgments, and apply certain methods in determining our financial results and in measuring the progress of our business. As these estimates, judgments, and methods change, our results of operations and our assessment of the progress of our business could vary. RISKS RELATING TO OUR REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT Complying with FDA and foreign regulations is a complex process, and our failure to fully comply could subject us to significant enforcement actions. Our products are subject to a lengthy and uncertain domestic regulatory review process. If we do not obtain and maintain the necessary domestic regulatory authorizations, we will not be able to sell our products in the U.S. Our products may cause or contribute to adverse medical events or be subject to failures or malfunctions that we are required to report to the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities and, if we fail to do so, we would be subject to sanctions that could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. If our manufacturing facilities do not continue to meet federal, state, or other manufacturing regulations and standards, we may be required to temporarily cease all or part of our manufacturing operations, import/export of our products, and/or recall some products, which could result in significant product delivery delays and lost revenue. Our products are subject to international regulatory processes and approval or certification requirements. If we do not obtain and maintain the necessary regulatory requirements, we will not be able to sell our products in other countries. Changes in healthcare legislation and policy may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to federal, state, and foreign laws governing our business practices, which, if violated, could result in substantial penalties. Additionally, challenges to, or investigation into, our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to and, thus, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If hospitals and other surgical facilities do not continue to meet federal, state, or other regulatory standards, they may be required to temporarily cease all or part of their system utilization. RISKS RELATING TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY If we are unable to fully protect and successfully defend our intellectual property from use by third parties, our ability to compete may be harmed. Others may be successful in asserting that our products infringe their intellectual property rights, which may cause us to pay substantial damages and/or enjoin us from commercializing our products. Our products may rely on licenses from third parties, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we lose access to these technologies, our revenues could decline. GENERAL RISK FACTORS Our future operating results may be below expectations, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our stock price has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile. Changes to financial accounting standards may affect our reported results of operations. The summary of material risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes, as well as other documents that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not precisely known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 5 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS In this report, Intuitive Surgical, Intuitive, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries. Product and brand names and logos, including Intuitive, da Vinci, and Ion, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. or one of its subsidiaries or of their respective owners. Additional information about our trademarks can be found on our website at www.intuitive.com/trademarks. Although we reference our trademarks located on our website, this list of trademarks and any other materials on our corporate website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Company Background As part of Intuitive s mission, we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. By combining ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints. We envision a future of care that is less invasive and profoundly better, where diseases are identified early and treated quickly so patients can get back to what matters most. Since our founding over 30 years ago, we have been delivering on this mission and vision by combining innovative technology with clinical expertise to advance minimally invasive care. We do so by providing a comprehensive ecosystem that includes robotic-assisted systems, instruments and accessories, customer learning, and customer support services all connected by a digital portfolio that enables actionable insights across the care continuum. Among other capabilities, these products and services can augment the skills and improve the efficiency of clinicians and care teams while providing decision support and learning that can help deliver differentiated clinical and economic value for patients, providers, and payers when compared to the next best available treatment options. To assure continued alignment with the patients and healthcare community we serve, we have adopted the Quintuple Aim as our north star. Starting with a focus on patients, we seek to demonstrate that our products can deliver better outcomes that are validated by rigorous, independent, and peer-reviewed evidence. Second, we aim to create better patient experiences that enable patients to get back to what matters most in their lives more quickly, with fewer complications, less pain and discomfort, and greater predictability. Third, we aim to enable the care teams who use our platforms and technology-enabled ecosystem to have better experiences that augment their skills while reducing fatigue and increasing efficiency and reliability. Fourth, we aim to help lower the total cost of care per patient episode when compared with existing treatment alternatives, providing a return on investment for hospitals and healthcare systems and value for payers. Lastly, we aim to expand access to high-quality minimally invasive care by working together with hospitals, healthcare systems, patient advocacy groups, and other stakeholders to address barriers to care. While surgery and acute interventions have improved significantly in the past few decades, there remains a significant need for improvement across all aspects of the Quintuple Aim. Healthcare payers and providers continue to expect better clinical outcomes and decreased variability of outcomes across clinicians and care teams. Globally, some healthcare systems continue to be stressed and lacking in critical resources, including the professionals who staff care teams. At the same time, healthcare providers, payers, and governments strain to cover the healthcare needs of their populations and demand lower total cost per patient to treat disease. In the face of these challenges, we believe that we are well-positioned to synthesize scientific and technological advances in biology, computing, imaging, algorithms, and robotics to deliver meaningful and measurable value to all of our stakeholders. Products Systems Our robotic-assisted platforms extend the care teams capabilities to deliver minimally invasive care. These platforms include da Vinci surgical systems, which are designed to enable a wide range of surgical procedures across a broad patient population using a minimally invasive approach, and the Ion endoluminal system, which extends our commercial offerings beyond surgery into diagnostic procedures, enabling minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. Da Vinci Surgical Systems Intuitive launched its first da Vinci surgical system in 1999, with the goals of enhancing surgical capabilities and facilitating less invasive care through improved precision, vision, and control. In 2000, the FDA cleared da Vinci for use in general laparoscopic surgery. Since then, we have received numerous additional indications in the U.S. and in countries around the world, for a broad array of procedures across general surgery, urologic, gynecologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck specialties, among others. Refer to the section titled Regulatory Activities in our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more recent regulatory clearances, approvals, and certification. 6 Table of Contents There are several models of the da Vinci surgical system currently in use by our customers globally; these include our recently released fifth-generation da Vinci 5 surgical system, our fourth-generation da Vinci X, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci SP surgical systems, and our third-generation da Vinci Si surgical system. Our recently released da Vinci 5 surgical system builds on da Vinci Xi s highly functional design, featuring force feedback technology and instruments that enable surgeons to sense and measure the force exerted on tissue during surgery. It also includes new surgeon controllers, powerful vibration and tremor controls, a next-generation 3D display and image system, and throughput and workflow enhancements, such as an integrated electrosurgical unit and insufflation capabilities technology. Da Vinci 5 has more than 10,000 times the computing power of da Vinci Xi, allowing for innovative new system capabilities and advanced digital experiences, including integration with our My Intuitive app, SimNow (virtual reality simulator), Case Insights (computational observer), and Intuitive Hub (edge computing system). Additionally, the redesigned console provides greater surgeon comfort with customizable positioning, allowing surgeons to find their best fit for surgical viewing and comfort, including the ability to sit completely upright. Our da Vinci surgical systems are comprised of the following components: Surgeon Console . The da Vinci surgical system allows surgeons to operate while comfortably seated at an ergonomic console viewing a three-dimensional, high definition ( 3DHD ) image of the surgical field. The surgeon s fingers grasp instrument controls below the display with the surgeon s hands naturally positioned relative to his or her eyes. Using electronic hardware, software, algorithms, and mechanics, our technology translates the surgeon s hand movements into precise and corresponding real-time micro movements of the da Vinci instruments positioned inside the patient. On most of our current systems (da Vinci 5, da Vinci X , da Vinci Xi, da Vinci SP, and da Vinci Si), a second surgeon console may be used in two ways: to provide assistance to the primary surgeon during surgery or to act as an active learning aid during surgeon-proctor training sessions. With the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X , da Vinci Xi, da Vinci SP, and da Vinci Si, a surgeon sitting at a second console can view the same surgery as the primary surgeon and can be passed control of some or all of the da Vinci instruments during the surgery. In addition, surgeons can control 3D virtual pointers to better facilitate training and other care team interactions. The da Vinci surgical system is designed to allow surgeons to operate while seated, which may be clinically advantageous because of reduced surgeon fatigue. The da Vinci surgical system s design provides natural hand-eye alignment at the surgeon console. Because the da Vinci surgical system s robotic arms hold the camera and instruments steady, there is less surgeon and assistant fatigue and enhanced control by the surgeon. Patient-Side Cart . The patient-side cart holds electromechanical arms that translate the motion of the surgeon s hand to manipulate the instruments inside the patient. For our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci Si surgical systems, up to four arms attached to the cart can be positioned, as appropriate, and then locked into place. At least two arms hold surgical instruments, one representing the surgeon s left hand and one representing the surgeon s right hand. A third arm positions the endoscope, allowing the surgeon to easily move, zoom, and rotate the field of vision. A fourth instrument arm extends surgical capabilities by enabling the surgeon to add a third instrument to perform additional tasks. Our da Vinci single-port ( SP ) surgical system is designed for single-incision or natural orifice surgery. A single arm delivers three multi-jointed instruments and a fully articulating 3DHD endoscope for visibility and control in narrow surgical spaces. The instruments and the camera all emerge through a single cannula and are triangulated around the target anatomy to avoid external instrument collisions that can occur in narrow surgical workspaces. 3DHD Vision System . Our vision system includes a 3DHD endoscope with two independent vision channels linked to two separate color monitors through sophisticated image processing electronics and software. The resulting 3DHD image has high resolution, high contrast, low flicker, and low cross fading. A digital zoom feature in the 3DHD vision system allows surgeons to magnify the surgical field of view without adjusting the endoscope position, reducing interference between the endoscope and instruments. The 3DHD vision system is a standard, integrated feature on all of our surgical systems. Firefly Fluorescence Imaging ( Firefly ) . This imaging capability combines an injectable fluorescent dye with a specialized da Vinci camera head, endoscope, and laser-based illuminator to allow surgeons to identify vasculature, tissue perfusion, or biliary ducts in three dimensions beneath tissue surfaces in real-time. The most common procedural categories for the use of Firefly are urology, gynecology, and general surgery. Firefly is a standard feature of the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci SP s urgical systems. Da Vinci Integrated Table Motion . Integrated Table Motion coordinates the movements of the da Vinci robotic arms with an advanced operating room ( OR ) table, the TS 7000dV OR Table sold by Hillrom (now a part of Baxter International Inc.). This gives OR teams the capability to dynamically change the positioning of the operating table during da Vinci surgical system procedures to manage the patient s position in real-time while the da Vinci robotic arms remain docked. This enables surgeons to extend reach, facilitate access, and choose the angle of approach to target anatomy, as well as reposition the table during the procedure to enhance anesthesiologists management of the patient. Integrated Table Motion is a standard feature for da Vinci 5 surgical systems and is available as an upgrade for da Vinci Xi surgical systems. 7 Table of Contents Ion Endoluminal System In 2019, the FDA cleared our Ion endoluminal system, which is a flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform that utilizes instruments and accessories for which the first cleared indication is minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. Our Ion system extends our commercial offering beyond surgery into diagnostic, endoluminal procedures. The system features an ultra-thin, ultra-maneuverable catheter that can articulate 180 degrees in all directions. Ion incorporates real-time shape-sensing technology, which allows for navigation into all segments of the lung and provides the procedural stability necessary for precision in a biopsy. Many suspicious lesions found in the lung may be small and difficult to access, which can make diagnosis challenging, and Ion helps physicians obtain tissue samples from deep within the peripheral lung, which could help enable earlier diagnosis. Instruments and Accessories We offer a comprehensive suite of stapling, energy, and core instrumentation for our da Vinci surgical systems. Our technology is designed to transform the surgeon s natural hand movements outside of the body into corresponding micro-movements inside the patient s body and operate with precision, just as they can in open surgery. With our technology, a surgeon can also use motion scaling, a feature that translates, for example, a three-millimeter hand movement outside the patient s body into a one-millimeter instrument movement in the surgical field inside the patient s body. Motion scaling is designed to allow precision and control for delicate tasks. In addition, our technology filters the tremor inherent in a surgeon s hands. Da Vinci Instruments . Most of the instruments that we manufacture incorporate wristed joints for natural dexterity and tips customized for various surgical procedures. Various da Vinci instrument tips include forceps, scissors, electrocautery tools, scalpels, and other surgical tools that are familiar to the surgeon from open surgery and conventional minimally invasive surgery ( MIS ). A variety of instruments may be selected and used interchangeably during a surgery. Most instruments are sterilizable at the hospital, while others are provided sterile, and most are reusable for a defined number of procedures. A programmed memory chip inside each instrument performs several functions that help determine how the da Vinci surgical system and instruments work together. In addition, the chip generally will not allow the instrument to be used for more than the prescribed number of procedures to help ensure that its performance meets specifications during each procedure. Da Vinci Stapling . The SureForm and EndoWrist staplers are wristed, stapling instruments intended for resection, transection, and creation of anastomoses. These instruments enable surgeons to precisely position and fire the stapler. We have various staplers that can be used with our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems: the SureForm 30, 45, and 60 staplers, where the numeric designation indicates the length of the staple line. SureForm staplers are single-use, fully wristed, stapling instruments intended to be used in general, thoracic, gynecologic, urologic, and pediatric surgical procedures. The SureForm 30 stapler may deliver particular utility in thoracic procedures. The SureForm 45 stapler may receive particular use in thoracic and colorectal procedures where maneuverability and visualization are limited; we now also have a SureForm 45 stapler available for the da Vinci SP surgical system. The SureForm 60 stapler is intended to deliver particular value in bariatric procedures. Outside of the U.S. ( OUS ), we also offer the EndoWrist 30 and 45 staplers that can be used with our da Vinci X and da Vinci Xi surgical systems. The EndoWrist 30 stapler is intended to deliver particular utility with fine tissue interaction in lobectomy and other thoracic procedures. The EndoWrist 45 stapler is used in general, gynecologic, thoracic, and urologic surgical procedures. We also have various clearances for five stapler reloads: gray (2.0 mm), white (2.5 mm), blue (3.5 mm), green (4.3 mm), and black (4.6 mm). Not all reloads are available for use on all staplers. Not all staplers or reloads are available in all countries. Additionally, we recently introduced our 8 mm SureForm 30 Curved-Tip stapler and reloads (gray, white, and blue), which were designed to help surgeons better visualize and reach anatomy through a combination of the 8 mm diameter instrument shaft and jaws, 120-degree cone of wristed articulation, and the curved tip. As it fits through the 8 mm da Vinci surgical system instrument cannula, the stapler allows different angles for surgeons to approach patient anatomy. Consistent with our other SureForm staplers, the 8 mm SureForm 30 Curved-Tip stapler integrates SmartFire technology, which makes automatic adjustments to the firing process as staples are formed and the transection is made. The technology takes more than 1,000 measurements per second, helping achieve a consistent staple line. Da Vinci Energy . Our first-generation E-100 generator is offered as an upgrade to power our da Vinci Vessel Sealer Extend and SynchroSeal instruments. Additionally, we recently introduced our second-generation E-200 generator, an advanced electrosurgical generator designed to provide high-frequency energy for cutting, coagulation, and vessel sealing of tissues. The E-200 generator is integrated with the da Vinci 5 surgical system, is compatible with our da Vinci X and Xi surgical systems, and can also function as a standalone electrosurgical generator. When connected to a da Vinci surgical system, the E-200 delivers high-frequency energy to da Vinci instruments, with control and status messages communicated through an Ethernet cable. The E-200 generator is also compatible with third-party handheld monopolar and bipolar instruments, as well as fingerswitch-equipped instruments and Intuitive-provided auxiliary footswitches. The E-200 8 Table of Contents generator includes the same advanced energy capability as the E-100 generator and supports the same vessel sealing instruments. Vessel Sealer Extend is a single-use, fully wristed, advanced bipolar instrument that is intended for grasping and blunt dissection of tissue, bipolar coagulation, and mechanical transection of vessels up to 7 mm in diameter and tissue bundles that fit in the jaws of the instrument. This instrument enables surgeons to control vessel sealing and is designed to enhance surgical efficiency and autonomy in a variety of general and gynecologic surgical procedures. It is compatible with our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems. SynchroSeal enables a surgeon to perform rapid, one-step sealing and transection with a single pedal press. SynchroSeal uses advanced bipolar energy from its raised cut electrode to transect tissue and then cool down quickly. Accessory Products . We sell various accessory products, which are used in conjunction with the da Vinci surgical systems. Accessory products include sterile drapes used to help ensure a sterile field during surgery, vision products, such as replacement 3D stereo endoscopes, camera heads, and light guides, and other items that facilitate the use of the da Vinci surgical systems. Instruments and accessories are also used with our Ion endoluminal system to perform lung biopsy procedures and for the operation and maintenance of the system. Ion Instruments . Instruments utilized with our Ion system include our fully articulating catheter, which is employed to navigate the intricate and narrow airways of the lungs, our peripheral vision probe, an endoscope that provides real-time airway visualization for catheter navigation, and our Flexision biopsy needles, which are used to procure tissue samples from lung nodules. Accessory Products . Accessory products that are used in conjunction with the Ion system include cleaning tools and other ancillary equipment essential for the operation and maintenance of the Ion system. Learning Intuitive provides a progressive learning journey to support the use of our technology. These training pathways leverage both learning engagements and learning technologies. Learning engagement touchpoints vary by specific pathway, skill level, and interest, while learning technologies enable and provide training directly to the customer. The portfolio of learning offerings includes role-specific training pathways, learning engagements, and learning technology. Training Pathways. Intuitive s training pathways provide a systematic learning journey that helps customers build technical proficiency. There are pathways for surgeons and physicians, residents and fellows, OR care teams, patient side assists, and robotic coordinators, as well as recommendations for executives. Learning Engagements. Intuitive learning engagements are touchpoints that support customers throughout their learning journeys. They vary by pathway, skill level, and focus area. Engagements include case observations, online education, in-service training, simulation/skills training, OR care team training, technology training, reprocessing training, proctoring, advanced training, and curriculum development support. Many of these programs take place at Intuitive training centers and are taught by experienced Intuitive staff, while our advanced courses are taught by surgeon and physician instructors. Learning Technology. Learning technologies are designed to help customers access training. Enabling technology helps bring innovative offerings to the customer. Intuitive s enabling technologies include Telepresence and the Advanced Insights Suite (which includes Case Insights and Insights Engine). Learning technology solutions include Intuitive Learning, SimNow, customized training models, remote case observations, and remote proctoring. Two of the technology solutions most often used by customers are Intuitive Learning and SimNow. Intuitive Learning. Intuitive Learning is our customer learning management system that empowers customers to complete technology and procedure education, while also being able to view, assign, and track technology and simulation learning. Intuitive Learning provides professional education for surgeons/physicians, residents/fellows, care teams, patient side assists, robotic coordinators, and sterile reprocessing staff. SimNow. Our cloud-enabled SimNow simulation platform is a practice tool that gives a user the opportunity to practice their skills and gain familiarity with the surgeon console controls and supports the user s progressive learning pathway. SimNow incorporates 3D, physics-based computer simulation technology to immerse the user within a virtual environment and provides training capabilities that have been used extensively by surgeons. The user navigates through the environment and completes exercises by controlling virtual instruments from the surgeon console. Upon completion of a skills exercise, the skills simulator provides a quantitative assessment of user performance based on a variety of task-specific metrics. The SimNow online connection drives real-time simulation performance tracking for surgeons and administrators through an online dashboard and supports remote updates of the VR content and 3DHD videos to drive a 9 Table of Contents more interactive and engaging customer experience. SimNow is intended to augment, not replace, existing training programs for the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci SP surgical systems. Services We have a network of field service engineers across the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Asia and maintain relationships with various distributors around the globe. This infrastructure of customer service and support specialists offers a full complement of services, including installation, repair, maintenance, 24/7 technical support, and proactive system health monitoring. Our comprehensive support and program assistance helps ensure customers and care teams maximize program performance and realize the greatest value from their investment. Services include readiness support, maintenance support, perioperative consulting, Custom Hospital Analytics, and market consulting optimization. Readiness and Maintenance Support. Readiness support is operational support to ensure smooth onboarding and adoption of new systems and technology. Maintenance support helps to maximize operational efficiency and reduce unplanned equipment downtime. It includes service care plans, support teams, OnSite monitoring, software upgrades and updates, as well as a customer portal. The service plan portfolio offers flexible service plans to ensure reliability of the systems and instruments and help optimize customers robotics programs. The support team of expert field service, remote technical support, and customer care agents both prevent and quickly resolve technology issues that could inhibit optimal system utilization. OnSite monitoring offers real-time remote service for pre-operative and intraoperative troubleshooting, as well as proactive monitoring of system performance. Software upgrades and updates enable the latest product innovations, enhancements, and reliability improvements. The customer portal is an online tool that enables customers to access system utilization and program analytics, view orders and maintenance history, and initiate product returns and exchanges to help achieve the operational and financial goals of a robotics program. Perioperative Consulting. We offer a suite of customized solutions to improve a hospital s efficiency and performance with Intuitive technologies. New system integration support is available to streamline the start-up process and expedite increased procedure volumes. Overall program assessments help to support efficiency improvements, cost reductions, and system access optimization. Program Analytics. Our Custom Hospital Analytics program enables the integration of data sources so that individual health institutions can analyze their data in their own environment. Using this data, hospital and healthcare system executives, administrators, care teams, and surgeons can gain alignment around their programs based on their KPIs, determine best practices, assess gaps, and develop and implement actionable steps to address any gaps. Digital Solutions Integrated digital capabilities provide connected offerings, streamlining performance for hospitals with program-enhancing insights. Secure-by-design, cloud-enabled products analyze and simplify essential data to continuously optimize the use of time, tools, and techniques. Data that powers our digital solutions comes from our vast network of connected surgical systems. This network also enables Intuitive to proactively monitor product performance with high uptime reliability, as well as to provide timely software updates. Our latest da Vinci 5 surgical system incorporates an OR informatics platform that integrates multiple applications and data sets to help orchestrate medical procedure workflows and powers data insights to Intuitive customers. 3D Modeling Services. Intuitive 3D Models is our augmented reality imaging product for use in kidney, prostate, lung, and rectal procedures. The service extracts CT and MR scans, runs them through segmentation algorithms and, after technicians revision and radiologists review, returns a 3D segmented model of the organ for use in planning for a procedure, intraoperative visualization, and surgical education. The tool uses augmented reality to give surgeons an image with details of organ anatomy blood vessels, tumor shape, and size that they may not be able to see well with other two-dimensional imaging. Intuitive designed this to help with pre-operative planning and intraoperative guidance to let surgeons know where critical anatomy sits as they work through a procedure, as well as to be shared as a teaching tool for other physicians and patients. The product has recently been launched, and the first sites have been onboarded and are ordering models. My Intuitive. This mobile and web application was developed to be the single point for Intuitive customers to access individual or program-level data from Intuitive. The application also offers comparisons of those insights with anonymized national benchmarks to help drive operational efficiencies and decreased costs. It enables mobile access to Intuitive s Learning platform, case reports generated automatically for the surgeon, and an ability for surgeons to publish their practice information online for patients seeking local physicians. My Intuitive+. My Intuitive+ is a digital subscription package available with the da Vinci 5 platform. It is designed to enable da Vinci users to access surgical video and data collected to objectively understand their surgical performance, 10 Table of Contents collaborate in real time, and receive personalized training exercises. The solutions included in this package are Case Insights, Telepresence, and SimNow 2. Business Strategy We align our goals to those of our customers through the Quintuple Aim: enabling physicians and hospitals to deliver better patient outcomes and improve the patient and care team experience, while expanding access to care and lowering the total cost to treat per patient episode. Through the use of Intuitive s products and services, we seek to create value for patients, physicians, and hospitals, as summarized below. Patient Value. We believe that the value of a medical procedure to a patient can be defined: Patient Value = Procedure Efficacy / Invasiveness . We define procedure efficacy as a measure of the success of the procedure in helping resolve the underlying disease, and invasiveness as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. Adoption of Intuitive technology occurs by procedure and by geographic market and is driven by the relative patient value and the total intervention costs of da Vinci and Ion procedures as compared to alternative options. We believe that most patients will place a higher value on procedures that are not only more efficacious but also less invasive. When the patient value of a procedure using an Intuitive product is greater than that of alternative intervention options, patients may benefit from seeking out physicians and hospitals that offer those products, which could potentially result in a local geographic shift. Our goal is to provide products to physicians who, in turn, provide patients with procedure options that are both highly effective and less invasive than others. Physician Value. Intuitive products and services provide physicians with reliable and easy-to-use products that deliver superior ergonomics. We offer physicians and their operating room staff efficient and effective training on the technical use of our products as well as a global peer network of surgeon proctors and educators and advanced coursework. We help surgeons easily track and analyze their procedures and processes through the My Intuitive app to explore their data and gain insights into their program and training needs. Moreover, Ion, for example, brings physicians an integrated bronchoscopy experience from visualizing critical lung anatomy and planning each patient s procedure to navigating and biopsying small peripheral nodules. Results from studies have demonstrated a strong safety profile, with a relatively low occurrence of pneumothorax. Hospital Value. As recognized and evidenced in many published, peer-reviewed studies, we believe that robotic-assisted surgery with the da Vinci surgical system can help hospitals build value by increasing surgical revenue and reducing costs through lower complication rates and reduced lengths of patient stay, when compared to alternative treatment options. We offer our Custom Hospital Analytics program, which enables the individual health institutions to analyze their data in their own environment. Using this data, administrators, chiefs of surgery, and physicians can gain alignment around their programs based on their own data and goals. Clinical Applications There are over 70 representative clinical uses for da Vinci surgical systems. We are the beneficiaries of productive collaborations with leading surgeons in exploring and developing new techniques and applications for robotic-assisted surgery with the da Vinci surgical system and minimally invasive biopsies with the Ion endoluminal system an important part of our creative process. We primarily focus our development efforts on those procedures in which we believe our products bring the highest patient value, surgeon value, and hospital value. We currently focus on five surgical specialties: general surgery, urologic surgery, gynecologic surgery, cardiothoracic surgery, and head and neck surgery. Key procedures that we are focused on include cholecystectomy, hernia repair, colorectal, bariatric, upper gastrointestinal, appendectomy, prostatectomy, partial nephrectomy, hysterectomy, sacrocolpopexy, lobectomy, and transoral surgery procedures. We also focus on minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. Representative surgical applications are described below. Clinical Summary General Surgery Cholecystectomy. Cholecystectomy, or the surgical removal of the gallbladder, is a commonly performed general surgery procedure. Cholecystectomy is the primary method for the treatment of gallstones and other gallbladder diseases. Most cholecystectomies are performed using multi-port MIS techniques, although some surgeons choose to perform cholecystectomy using manual single-port instrumentation. Firefly technology can be used to visualize biliary anatomy in three dimensions beneath the tissue surfaces during multi-port da Vinci cholecystectomies. Hernia Repair. A hernia occurs when an organ or other tissue squeezes through a weak spot in a surrounding muscle or connective tissue. During a hernia repair surgery, the weakened tissue is secured, and defects are repaired. Common types of hernias are ventral and inguinal. Ventral, or abdominal hernia, may occur through a scar after surgery in the abdomen. Inguinal hernia is a bulge in the groin and is more common in men. Hernia repair can be performed using 11 Table of Contents traditional open surgery or MIS. There is a wide range of complexity in hernia repair surgeries and varying surgeon opinions regarding optimal surgical approach. The benefits of minimally invasive and robotic-assisted hernia repair surgery vary by patient. Colorectal Surgery. These procedures typically involve benign or cancerous conditions of the lower digestive system, in particular the rectum or colon. Common procedures in this area include hemicolectomy, sigmoidectomy, low anterior resection, and abdominoperineal resection. Surgeons have reported that the use of robotic-assisted surgery with a da Vinci surgical system and our latest technologies, such as the SureForm stapler and da Vinci energy products, has enabled them to offer MIS approaches to a broader range of colorectal surgery patients. Bariatric Surgery . A body of literature points to the benefit of surgery to treat patients with morbid obesity and its secondary effects, such as diabetes. Sleeve gastrectomy and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass ( RYGB ) are commonly performed surgical procedures for morbid obesity in the U.S. The body habitus of morbidly obese patients can make laparoscopic surgery physically challenging for the surgeon, and certain surgeons have found value in using the da Vinci surgical system to improve upon the ergonomics when performing MIS in morbidly obese patients. In addition, RYGB can be a technically challenging procedure due to the suturing, stapling, and tissue (bowel) manipulation that is required. Surgeons using the da Vinci surgical system have reported a reduction in a critical complication (anastomotic leaks) relative to laparoscopic RYGB. Also, we believe SureForm 60 may have particular utility in bariatric procedures. Upper Gastrointestinal (GI). Upper GI surgery treats conditions affecting the upper part of the digestive system, such as stomach ulcers, esophageal strictures, hiatal hernias, and various cancers. Common procedures includes gastrectomy, hiatal hernia repair, and Nissen fundoplication to treat severe gastroesophogeal reflux disease. Da Vinci surgical systems allow surgeons to reach and operate in constricted areas of the abdomen that can be difficult to reach. Thousands of peer-reviewed articles have demonstrated favorable perioperative outcomes. Appendectomy. An appendectomy is the surgical removal of the appendix, most commonly performed to treat appendicitis, which, if left untreated, can rupture and lead to a life-threatening infection. Use of the da Vinci surgical system for appendectomy procedures has shown to result in shorter length of stay and fewer conversions as compared to a laparoscopic approach. In addition, SureForm 30, as well as our advanced energy products, may have particular utility in appendectomy. Urologic Surgery Prostatectomy . Radical prostatectomy is the removal of the prostate gland in patients diagnosed with clinically localized prostate cancer. The standard approach to the removal of the prostate was via an open surgical procedure. The conventional laparoscopic approach is an option, but it is difficult and poses challenges to even the most skilled urologist. The da Vinci surgical system has enabled a large number of surgeons to convert from using an open surgical technique to a minimally invasive technique. Partial Nephrectomy. Partial nephrectomy is the removal of a small portion of a kidney (typically, an area of the kidney containing a tumor). Partial nephrectomies are most commonly performed in patients diagnosed with clinically localized renal cancer. Excluding robotic-assisted surgery with a da Vinci surgical system, there are three common surgical approaches to performing partial nephrectomies: open surgical technique, laparoscopy, and hand-assisted laparoscopy, which is a hybrid of the open and laparoscopic techniques. Surgeons have reported that the da Vinci surgical system s capabilities may enable a large number of these procedures to be performed through a minimally invasive technique, conferring the benefits of MIS to a broader range of partial nephrectomy patients. Treatment guidelines for patients with localized renal cancer recommend partial nephrectomy due to the benefits that nephron-sparing surgery has in long-term patient outcomes. Published clinical literature has shown that the presence of a da Vinci surgical system is associated with a higher-proportion of patients receiving a guideline-recommended partial nephrectomy. Gynecologic Surgery Hysterectomy. Removal of the uterus is one of the most commonly performed surgeries in gynecology and is performed for a variety of underlying benign and cancerous conditions. Hysterectomies can be performed using open surgery (laparotomy) or MIS techniques, which include vaginal, laparoscopic, and robotic-assisted approaches. Prior to the clearance of the da Vinci surgical system for use in gynecological procedures in 2005, the majority of hysterectomies performed were open surgeries. We believe that robotic-assisted surgery with the da Vinci surgical system provides patients the opportunity to receive a minimally invasive treatment as an alternative to an open hysterectomy. Sacrocolpopexy. The abdominal (open) sacrocolpopexy is one of the operations performed to treat vaginal vault prolapse. Sacrocolpopexy involves suturing a synthetic mesh that connects and supports the vagina to the sacrum (tailbone). A sacrocolpopexy can be performed using a conventional laparoscopic technique; however, it is generally described as difficult and cumbersome to perform. Surgeons have reported that the da Vinci surgical system s 12 Table of Contents capabilities may enable a larger number of these procedures to be performed through a minimally invasive technique, conferring the benefits of MIS to a broader range of sacrocolpopexy patients. Cardiothoracic Surgery Thoracic Surgery. Conventional approaches to surgical procedures in the thorax include both open and video-assisted thoracoscopic approaches. Procedures performed via these methods include pulmonary wedge resection, pulmonary lobectomy, thymectomy, mediastinal mass excision, and esophagectomy. Many thoracic procedures remain open procedures. Surgeons have reported that the use of robotic-assisted surgery with a da Vinci surgical system in thoracic surgery has enabled them to offer MIS approaches to a broader range of thoracic surgery patients and improved clinical outcomes compared to open and video-assisted thoracic surgery in published single-center, multi-center, and national database clinical studies. Also, we believe the EndoWrist 30 stapler and the SureForm 30 stapler may have particular utility in thoracic procedures. Head and Neck Surgery Transoral Surgery. Head and neck cancers are typically treated by either surgical resection or chemo-radiation, or a combination of both. Surgical resection performed by an open approach may require a jaw-splitting mandibulotomy. This procedure, while effective in treating cancer, is potentially traumatic and disfiguring to the patient. MIS approaches via the mouth (transoral surgery) are challenged by line-of-sight limitations dictated by conventional endoscopic tools. Chemo-radiation as a primary therapy does allow patients to avoid traumatic surgical incisions; however, the literature suggests that this modality diminishes patients ability to speak and swallow normally. Surgeons have reported that da Vinci transoral surgery allows them to operate on tumors occurring in the oropharynx (i.e., tonsil and base of tongue) and larynx via the mouth and to overcome some of the line-of-sight limitations of conventional transoral surgery. We believe that there are numerous additional applications that can be addressed with the da Vinci surgical system, and we work closely with our surgeon customers to refine and explore new applications that can bring value to patients, surgeons, and hospitals. Da Vinci Procedure Mix Our da Vinci procedure business is broadly split into two categories: (1) cancer procedures and (2) procedures for benign conditions. Cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex procedures for benign conditions. Thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex, benign conditions. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. Our fully featured da Vinci 5 and da Vinci Xi surgical systems with advanced instruments (including the da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products) and our Integrated Table Motion product target the more complex procedure segment. Our da Vinci X surgical system is targeted toward price-sensitive customers and procedures. Our da Vinci SP surgical system complements our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and Xi surgical systems by enabling surgeons to access narrow workspaces. Sales and Customer Support Sales Model We sell our products and services through direct sales organizations in the U.S., Europe (excluding Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, and Eastern European countries), China (through our majority-owned joint ventures, Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (HongKong) Co. Ltd. (collectively, the Joint Venture ), with Fosun Pharma), Japan, South Korea, India, Taiwan, and Canada. In the U.S. (for some government customers), China, and Japan, we also utilize certain distributors in addition to our direct sales organization. In the remainder of our OUS markets, we provide our products for sale through distributors. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further details on the Joint Venture. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, domestic revenue accounted for 68%, 67%, and 66%, respectively, of total revenue, while revenue from our OUS markets accounted for 32%, 33%, and 34%, respectively, of total revenue. Our direct sales organization is composed of a capital sales team, responsible for selling systems, and a clinical sales team, responsible for supporting the systems used in procedures performed at our hospital accounts. Our hospital accounts include both individual hospitals and healthcare facilities as well as hospitals and healthcare facilities that are part of an integrated delivery network ( IDN groups ). The initial system sale into an account is a major capital equipment purchase by our customers and typically has a lengthy sales cycle that can be affected by macroeconomic factors, capital spending prioritization, the timing of budgeting cycles, and the evaluation of alternative products. Capital sales activities include educating surgeons or physicians and hospital staff across multiple specialties on the benefits of robotic-assisted surgery with a da Vinci surgical system or robotic-assisted bronchoscopy with an Ion endoluminal system, total treatment costs, and the clinical applications that our technology enables. We also train our sales organization to educate hospital management on the potential benefits of 13 Table of Contents adopting our technology, including the clinical benefits of robotic-assisted surgery with a da Vinci surgical system or robotic-assisted bronchoscopy with an Ion endoluminal system, in support of their Quintuple Aim objectives. Our clinical sales team works on site at hospitals, interacting with surgeons or physicians, operating room staff, and hospital administrators to develop and sustain successful robotic-assisted surgery or bronchoscopy programs. They assist the hospital in identifying surgeons or physicians who have an interest in robotic-assisted surgery or bronchoscopy and the potential benefits provided by the da Vinci surgical system and the Ion endoluminal system. Our clinical sales team provides current clinical information on robotic-assisted surgery or bronchoscopy practices and new product applications to the hospital teams. Our clinical sales team has grown with the expanded installed bases of da Vinci surgical systems and Ion endoluminal systems as well as the total number of procedures performed. We expect this organization to continue to grow as our business expands. Our customers place orders to replenish their supplies of instruments and accessories on a regular basis. Orders received are typically shipped within one business day. New direct customers who purchase a system typically place an initial stocking order of instruments and accessories soon after they receive their system. Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Historically, placements of our da Vinci surgical systems have tended to be heavier in the fourth quarter and lighter in the first quarter, as hospital budgets are reset. In addition, we have historically experienced lower procedure volume in the first and third quarters and higher procedure volume in the second and fourth quarters. More than half of da Vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions. These benign procedures and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer procedures and surgeries for other life-threatening conditions. In the U.S., volumes for procedures associated with benign conditions are typically seasonally higher in the fourth quarter when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower in the first quarter when deductibles are reset. Seasonality outside of the U.S. varies and is more pronounced around local holidays and vacation periods, which have lower procedure volume. The timing of procedures and changes in procedure volume impact the timing of instruments and accessories and capital purchases. Customer Support We have a network of field service and technical support engineers across the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Asia and maintain relationships with various distributors around the globe. This infrastructure of customer service and support specialists, along with advanced service tools and solutions, offers a full complement of services, including installation, repair, maintenance, 24/7 technical support, and proactive system health monitoring. We generate service revenue by providing these services to our customers through comprehensive service contracts and time and material programs. Research and Development We focus our research and development efforts on innovation and improvement for products and services that align with our mission: We believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we believe that we can expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints. We employ engineering and research and development staff to focus on delivering future innovations and sustaining improvements that advance our mission. In certain instances, we complement our research and development effort through collaborations with other companies, such as our Integrated Table Motion product offering developed with Hillrom (now a part of Baxter International Inc.). Manufacturing We manufacture our systems at our facilities in Sunnyvale, California, and Peachtree Corners, Georgia, as well as at our Joint Venture s facility in Shanghai, China. Our instruments and accessories are produced at our facilities in Sunnyvale, California, and Mexicali, Mexico. Additionally, we have Ion-related manufacturing in Blacksburg, Virginia, and endoscope-related manufacturing in Parvomay, Bulgaria and at multiple sites in Germany. We purchase both custom and off-the-shelf components from a large number of suppliers and subject them to stringent quality specifications and processes. Some of the components necessary for the assembly of our products are currently provided to us by sole-sourced suppliers (the only recognized supply source available to us) or single-sourced suppliers (the only approved supply source for us among other sources). We purchase the majority of our components and major assemblies through purchase orders rather than long-term supply agreements and generally do not maintain large volumes of finished goods relative to our anticipated demand. Competition We face competition in the forms of existing open surgery, conventional MIS (laparoscopy), drug therapies, radiation treatment, and other emerging diagnostic and interventional surgical approaches. Some of these procedures are widely accepted in the medical community and, in many cases, have a long history of use. Our success depends on continued clinical and technical innovation, quality, and reliability, as well as educating hospitals, surgeons, and patients on the demonstrated results associated with robotic-assisted medical procedures using da Vinci surgical systems or Ion endoluminal systems and their value 14 Table of Contents relative to other techniques. We also face competition from several companies that have introduced or are developing new approaches and MIS products. We believe that the entrance or emergence of competition validates MIS and robotic-assisted surgery or robotic-assisted bronchoscopy. Moreover, as we add new robotically controlled products (e.g., da Vinci stapling and da Vinci energy products) that compete with product offerings traditionally within the domains of open surgery and/or conventional MIS, we face greater competition from larger and well-established companies, such as Johnson Johnson and Medtronic plc. Additionally, we currently face, or anticipate facing, competition from companies with products used in open or MIS surgeries, including laparoscopy and alternative multi-port, single-port, or endoluminal systems. We also compete with companies providing other therapeutic approaches for addressing target clinical conditions, as well as companies developing diagnostic solutions that could serve as alternatives to current or planned Intuitive offerings. Companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic-assisted medical procedures, or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field, include, but are not limited to, the following: Beijing Surgerii Robotics Company Limited; CMR Surgical Ltd.; Distalmotion SA; Harbin Sizhe Rui Intelligent Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.; Johnson Johnson; Karl Storz SE Co. KG; Medicaroid Corporation; Medtronic plc; meerecompany Inc.; Noah Medical Corporation; Shandong Weigao Group Medical Polymer Company Ltd.; Shanghai Microport Medbot (Group) Co., Ltd.; Shenzhen Edge Medical Co., Ltd.; and SS Innovations International, Inc. Other companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of medical robotics and become competitors. Additionally, we expect increasing competition within China for robotic-assisted systems. Our revenues may be reduced due to pricing pressure if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. In addition, research efforts utilizing computers and robotics for medical procedures are underway at various companies and research institutions. Our revenues may be adversely impacted as our competitors announce their intent to enter our geographic markets and as our customers anticipate the availability of competing products. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. Intellectual Property We place considerable importance on obtaining and maintaining patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products, and processes. We generally rely upon a combination of intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology. For example, we have trademarks, both registered and unregistered, that provide distinctive identification of our products in the marketplace. We also have exclusive and non-exclusive patent licenses with various third parties to supplement our own robust patent portfolio. As of December 31, 2025, we owned more than 5,600 patents granted and still in force and more than 2,500 patents pending worldwide. We intend to continue filing new patent applications in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions to seek protection for our technology. Patents have finite terms. The expiration of a patent ends the exclusive rights accorded by the patent for the invention claimed. Government Regulation Our products and operations are subject to regulation in the U.S. by the FDA and the State of California as well as by other countries and regions in which we market and promote our products. In addition, our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international regulations and standards, which govern the design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal of our products. We must continually keep abreast of these regulations, standards, and requirements and integrate our compliance into the development and regulatory documentation for our products. Failure to meet these requirements could limit our ability to market our products in those regions that require compliance with such regulations and standards. Examples of standards to which we are subject include electrical safety standards, such as those of the International Electrotechnical Commission (e.g., IEC 60601-ss series of standards), and composition regulations, such as the Reduction of Hazardous Substances ( RoHS ) and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ( WEEE ) Directives applicable in the European Union ( EU ), among others. U.S. Regulation FDA Our products are subject to regulation as medical devices in the United States under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( FFDCA ), as implemented and enforced by the FDA. The FDA regulates the development, design, non-clinical and clinical research, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, recordkeeping, complaint and adverse event reporting, clearance, approval, certification, promotion, marketing, export, import distribution, and service of medical devices in the U.S. to ensure that medical devices distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses. 15 Table of Contents Under the FFDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II, or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of control needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. Our current products are Class II medical devices. Class II medical devices are those that are subject to general controls, and most require premarket demonstration of adherence to certain performance standards or other special controls, as specified by the FDA, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. These special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries, and FDA guidance documents. Manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to submit to the FDA a premarket notification under Section 510(k) of the FFDCA requesting authorization to commercially distribute the device. The FDA s authorization to commercially distribute a device subject to a 510(k) premarket notification is generally known as 510(k) clearance. Our current products are subject to premarket notification and clearance under section 510(k) of the FFDCA. To obtain 510(k) clearance, we must submit to the FDA a premarket notification submission demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device. The FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. In addition, the FDA collects user fees for certain medical device submissions and annual fees for medical device establishments. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device, it will grant clearance to commercially market the device in the U.S. The FDA has a statutory 90-day period to respond to a 510(k) submission; however, as a practical matter, clearance often takes longer. The FDA may require further information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. If the FDA determines that the device, or its intended use, is not substantially equivalent, the device may be designated as a Class III device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the de novo classification pathway, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. The PMA process is more demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification process. In a PMA application, the manufacturer must demonstrate that the device is safe and effective, and the PMA application must be supported by extensive data, including data from preclinical studies and human clinical trials. The FDA, by statute and regulation, has 180 days to review a PMA application, although the review more often occurs over a significantly longer period of time and can take up to several years. In approving a PMA application or clearing a 510(k) submission, the FDA may also require some additional manufacturing controls, design control activities and approvals, as well as specific post-market surveillance requirements when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. In such cases, the manufacturer might be required to follow certain patient groups for a number of years and make periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients. Clinical trials are almost always required to support a PMA or de novo request and are sometimes required to support a 510(k) submission. All clinical investigations designed to determine the safety and effectiveness of a medical device must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption ( IDE ) regulations, which govern investigational device labeling, prohibit the promotion of the investigational device, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. Regardless of the degree of risk presented by the medical device, clinical studies must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) for each clinical site. During a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting clinical investigators and providing them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping, and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also subject to the FDA s regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. Additionally, after a trial begins, we, the FDA, or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, PMA approval or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether a proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), de novo classification, or a PMA or PMA supplement in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until it receives the appropriate marketing authorization. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 16 Table of Contents In addition, the FDA may place significant limitations upon the intended use of our products as a condition of granting marketing authorization. Moreover, after a device is placed on the market, numerous FDA and other regulatory requirements continue to apply. These requirements include establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; compliance with medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device caused or contributed, or may have caused or contributed, to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur; compliance with corrections and removal reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FFDCA that may present a risk to health; the FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; and post-market surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. In addition, the FDA and the Federal Trade Commission also regulate the advertising and promotion of our products to ensure that the claims we make are consistent with our regulatory clearances, that there is scientific data to substantiate the claims, and that our advertising is neither false nor misleading. In general, we may not promote or advertise our products for uses not within the scope of our intended use statement in our clearances or make unsupported safety and effectiveness claims. Our manufacturing processes are required to comply with the Quality Management System Regulation ( QMSR ). The QMSR, which became effective on February 2, 2026, incorporates certain elements of ISO 13485:2016 by reference and covers, among other things, the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, testing, controlling, documenting, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation, and servicing of all medical devices intended for human use. The QMSR also requires maintenance of extensive records, which demonstrate compliance with the FDA regulation, the manufacturer s own procedures, specifications, and testing, as well as distribution and post-market experience. Compliance with the QMSR is necessary for a manufacturer to be able to continue to market cleared or approved product offerings in the U.S. A company s facilities, records, and manufacturing processes are subject to periodic scheduled or unscheduled inspections by the FDA. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable QMSR requirements could result in the shut-down of, or restrictions on, manufacturing operations and the recall or seizure of marketed products. If the FDA determines that a manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, administrative penalties, and civil or criminal penalties; recalls, withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; refusing or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; withdrawing 510(k) clearances or PMA approvals that have already been granted; refusal to grant export approvals for our products; or criminal prosecution. In addition, the discovery of previously unknown problems with any marketed products, including unanticipated adverse events or adverse events of increasing severity or frequency, whether resulting from the use of the device within the scope of its clearance or off-label by a physician in the practice of medicine, could result in restrictions on the device, including the removal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls. Products manufactured outside of the U.S. by or for us are subject to U.S. Customs and FDA inspection upon entry into the U.S. We must demonstrate compliance of such products with U.S. regulations and carefully document the eventual distribution or re-exportation of such products. Failure to comply with all applicable regulations could prevent us from having access to products or components critical to the manufacture of finished products and lead to shortages and delays. Other Healthcare Regulatory Laws We are subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, market, sell, and distribute our products. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include the following: the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal and state healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 17 Table of Contents the federal criminal and civil false claims laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions against individuals or entities, and the Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Laws, which prohibit, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. Moreover, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and regulations implemented thereunder (collectively HIPAA ), which imposes criminal and civil liability, prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services; similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with certain exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ( CMS ) information on certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors), teaching hospitals, and certain other health care providers (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and certain state laws that require medical device manufacturers to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring such manufacturers to report information related to payments to clinicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. Violations of any of these laws may result in significant penalties, including but not limited to the following: civil, criminal, and administrative penalties; damages; fines; disgorgement; imprisonment; the curtailment or restructuring of operations; loss of eligibility to obtain approvals from the FDA; exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement, or other government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid; integrity oversight and reporting obligations; or reputational harm. Foreign Regulation In order for us to market our products in countries outside the United States, we must obtain regulatory approvals or certifications and comply with extensive product quality system and composition regulations in other countries. These regulations, including the requirements for approvals, clearance, or certifications and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country to country. Some countries have regulatory review processes that are substantially longer than U.S. processes. Failure to obtain regulatory approval or certification in a timely manner and meet all of the local requirements, including language and specific safety standards, in any foreign country in which we plan to market our products could prevent us from marketing products in such countries or subject us to sanctions and fines. China China has its own regulatory agency, the National Medical Products Administration ( NMPA ). They require regulatory approvals and compliance with extensive safety and quality system regulations. Failure to obtain regulatory approval or failure to comply with any regulation may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue and harm our business. In addition to product registration approvals, our system sales into China are also dependent on obtaining importation authorizations and provincial approvals, as well as hospitals completing a tender and hospital listing process under the authorization. In June 2023, the China National Health Commission published the 14 th five-year plan quota for major medical equipment to be sold in China on its official website (the 2023 Quota ). Under the original 2023 Quota, the government will allow for the sale of 559 new surgical robots into China, which could include da Vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. Sales of da Vinci surgical systems under the quota are uncertain, as they are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals. 18 Table of Contents Japan Most medical devices must undergo thorough safety examinations and demonstrate medical efficacy before they receive regulatory approval to be sold in Japan. We obtained approval from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare ( MHLW ) for our da Vinci Si surgical system in October 2012, for our da Vinci Xi surgical system in March 2015, and for our da Vinci X surgical system in April 2018. In September 2022, we received regulatory clearance for the da Vinci SP surgical system in Japan for the same set of procedures as can be performed on the da Vinci Xi surgical system in Japan. In July 2025, we received regulatory clearance for our latest da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in all surgical specialties and procedures indicated for da Vinci Xi, except for cardiac indications. We have received national reimbursement status in Japan for a number of procedures since the approval of our first da Vinci surgical system in 2012. An additional eight da Vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in April 2022, including colon resection, and an additional five da Vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in April 2024, including lobectomy for benign conditions. In addition, we received higher reimbursement for da Vinci gastrectomy procedures, as compared to open and conventional laparoscopic procedure reimbursements, and higher reimbursement for certain da Vinci rectal resection procedures, as compared to open procedure reimbursements. The additional reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional laparoscopic penetration and will generally be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional laparoscopic procedures. Given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these additional procedures, there can be no assurance that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to prostatectomy or partial nephrectomy, given their higher reimbursement, or any other da Vinci procedure. If these procedures are not adopted and we are not successful in obtaining adequate procedure reimbursements for additional procedures, then the demand for our products in Japan could be limited. The process of reimbursement for new da Vinci surgical procedures in Japan is led by the surgical societies. The societies submit for reimbursement or incremental reimbursement to the MHLW for their evaluation. The decision to reimburse requires in-country clinical data and is fixed in April of even-numbered years. European Union The EU has adopted specific directives and regulations regulating the design, manufacture, clinical investigation, conformity assessment, labeling, and adverse event reporting for medical devices. Until and including May 25, 2021, medical devices were regulated by Council Directive 93/42/EEC (the EU Medical Devices Directive or EU MDD ), which has been repealed and replaced by Regulation (EU) No 2017/745 (the EU Medical Devices Regulation or EU MDR ). Our current certificates have been granted under the EU MDD and EU MDR. In accordance with the EU MDR s recently extended transitional provisions, both (i) devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant to the EU MDD prior to May 26, 2021, and (ii) legacy devices lawfully placed on the EU market after May 26, 2021, in accordance with the EU MDR transitional provisions, may generally continue to be made available on the market or put into service, provided that the requirements of the transitional provisions are fulfilled. However, even in this case, manufacturers must comply with a number of new or reinforced requirements set forth in the EU MDR with regard to the registration of economic operators and of devices, post-market surveillance, and vigilance requirements. Pursuing marketing of medical devices in the EU will notably require that our devices be certified under the new regime set forth in the EU MDR. In the EU, there is currently no premarket government review of medical devices. However, the EU requires that all medical devices placed on the market in the EU must meet the general safety and performance requirements laid down in Annex I to the EU MDR, including the requirement that a medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. Medical devices must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and, where applicable, other persons, provided that any risks that may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. The European Commission has adopted various standards applicable to medical devices. These include standards governing common requirements, such as sterilization and safety of medical electrical equipment and product standards for certain types of medical devices. There are also harmonized standards relating to design and manufacture. While not mandatory, compliance with these standards is viewed as the easiest way to satisfy the general safety and performance requirements as a practical matter, as it creates a rebuttable presumption that the device satisfies that general safety and performance requirements. Compliance with the general safety and performance requirements of the EU MDR is a prerequisite for European Conformity ( CE ) marking, without which medical devices cannot be marketed or sold in the EU. To demonstrate compliance with the general safety and performance requirements, medical device manufacturers must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its (risk) classification. As a general rule, demonstration of conformity of medical devices and their manufacturers with the general safety and performance requirements must be based, among other things, on the evaluation of clinical data supporting the safety and performance of the products during normal conditions of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse events, are minimized and acceptable when 19 Table of Contents weighed against the benefits of its intended performance, and that any claims made about the performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable evidence. Except for low-risk medical devices (Class I), where the manufacturer can issue an EC declaration of conformity based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the general safety and performance requirements (except for any parts that relate to sterility, metrology, or reuse aspects), a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a notified body. Notified bodies are independent organizations designated by EU member states to assess the conformity of devices before being placed on the market. A notified body would typically audit and examine a product s technical dossiers and the manufacturer s quality system (notified body must presume that quality systems that implement the relevant harmonized standards, which is ISO 13485:2016 for Medical Devices Quality Management Systems, conform to these requirements). If satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant general safety and performance requirements, the notified body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The manufacturer may then apply the CE mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EU. Throughout the term of the certificate of conformity, the manufacturer will be subject to periodic surveillance audits to verify continued compliance with the applicable requirements. In particular, there will be a new audit by the notified body before it will renew the relevant certificate(s). The EU MDR requires that, before placing a device on the market, other than a custom-made device, manufacturers (as well as other economic operators, such as authorized representatives and importers) must register by submitting identification information to the European database on medical devices (EUDAMED), unless they have already registered. The information to be submitted by manufacturers (and authorized representatives) also includes the name, address, and contact details of the person or persons responsible for regulatory compliance. The EU MDR also requires that, before placing a device on the market, other than a custom-made device, manufacturers must assign a unique identifier to the device and provide it along with other core data to the unique device identifier ( UDI ) database. These new requirements aim at ensuring better identification and traceability of the devices. Each device and as applicable, each package will have a UDI composed of two parts: a device identifier ( UDI-DI ), specific to a device, and a production identifier ( UDI-PI ) to identify the unit producing the device. Manufacturers are also notably responsible for entering the necessary data on EUDAMED, which includes the UDI database, and for keeping it up to date. The obligations for registration in EUDAMED will become applicable on May 28, 2026, for the four first modules related to (i) economic actor and (ii) UDI/Devices registrations, (iii) notified bodies and certificates, and (iv) market surveillance. Until EUDAMED is fully functional, the corresponding provisions of the MDD continue to apply for the purpose of meeting the obligations laid down in the provisions regarding exchange of information, including, and in particular, information regarding registration of devices and economic operators. All manufacturers placing medical devices on the market in the EU must comply with the EU medical device vigilance system, which has been reinforced by the EU MDR. Under this system, serious incidents and Field Safety Corrective Actions ( FSCAs ) must be reported to the relevant authorities of the EU member states. These reports will have to be submitted through EUDAMED (once functional) and aim to ensure that, in addition to reporting to the relevant authorities of the EU member states, other actors, such as the economic operators in the supply chain, will also be informed. Until EUDAMED is fully functional, the corresponding provisions of the MDD continue to apply. Manufacturers are required to take FSCAs, which are defined as any corrective action for technical or medical reasons to prevent or reduce a risk of a serious incident associated with the use of a medical device that is made available on the market. A serious incident is any malfunction or deterioration in the characteristics or performance of a device on the market (e.g., inadequacy in the information supplied by the manufacturer, undesirable side-effect, etc.), which, directly or indirectly, might lead to either the death or serious deterioration of the health of a patient, user, or other persons, or to a serious public health threat. An FSCA may include the recall, modifica