=== GM_2026-01-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We have listed below the most material risk factors applicable to us. These risk factors are not necessarily in the order of importance or probability of occurrence: Risks related to our competition and strategy If we do not deliver new products, services, technologies, and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer needs and preferences, our business could suffer. We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) shift resources and strategies in response to changes in the regulatory landscape and evolving consumer preferences. In addition to our traditional competitors, we must also be responsive to the entrance of start-ups and other non-traditional competitors in the automotive industry, such as software and ridesharing services supported by large technology companies. These new competitors, as well as established industry participants, are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation, and vehicle ownership. To successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop and commercialize new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core ICE business, such as EVs and AV capabilities, software-enabled connected services, future features and services based on AI, and other new businesses. There can be no assurance that advances in technology will occur in a timely or feasible way, if at all, that others will not acquire similar or superior technologies sooner than we do, or that we will acquire technologies on an exclusive basis or at a significant price advantage. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment. If our access to capital were to become significantly constrained, if costs of capital increased significantly, or if our ability to raise capital is challenged relative to our peers, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could be adversely affected. Similarly, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could also be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate new technology, including AI, in a timely, cost-effective, compliant, and reasonable manner, or if the methods and processes we use to develop, deploy, or otherwise use such new technology are found to not be in compliance with rapidly evolving regulatory standards. Further, if we are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our software and hardware, or fail to deploy updates to our software properly, or if we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments, and changing customer needs and preferences, our sales, profitability, and long-term competitiveness may be materially harmed. Our ability to attract and retain talented and highly skilled employees is critical to our success and competitiveness. Attracting and retaining employees who are highly skilled in their areas is critical to thriving in an increasingly competitive landscape. In particular, our vehicles and connected services increasingly rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex, and our success in this area is dependent upon our ability to retain and recruit the best talent. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. In addition to compensation considerations, current and potential employees are increasingly placing a premium on culture and other various intangibles, such as working for companies with a clear purpose and strong brand reputation, flexible work arrangements, and other considerations. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our strategic plans. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features, at decreasing price points, designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Producing new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that preserve our reputation for designing, building, and selling safe, high-quality cars, crossovers, trucks, and SUVs is critical to our long-term profitability. Successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term profitability. The new vehicle development process can take two years or more, and a number of factors may lengthen that time period. Because of this product development cycle and the various elements that may contribute to consumers’ acceptance of new vehicle designs, including competitors’ product introductions, technological innovations, fuel prices, general economic conditions, regulatory developments, including tax credits or other government policies in various countries, transportation infrastructure and changes in quality, safety, reliability, and styling demands and preferences, an initial product concept or design may not result in a saleable vehicle or a vehicle that generates sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. Our high proportion of fixed costs, both due to our significant investment in property, plant, and equipment as well as other requirements 12 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES of our collective bargaining agreements, which limit our flexibility to adjust personnel costs to changes in demands for our products, may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for our vehicles. Our long-term EV strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of EVs. The production and profitable sale of EVs is an important part of our long-term business strategy. Our EV strategy is dependent on our ability to (1) deliver a strategic portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; (2) scale our EV manufacturing capabilities relative to consumer demand; (3) reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs, particularly with respect to battery cells and packs; (4) increase vehicle range and the rate of charge and energy density of our batteries; (5) efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of battery cells; (6) license and monetize our proprietary platforms and related innovations; (7) successfully invest in new technologies relative to our peers; (8) develop new software and services; and (9) leverage our scale, manufacturing capabilities, and synergies with existing ICE vehicles relative to consumer demand. Our progress towards these objectives has impacted, and may continue to impact, the need to record losses on our EV-related inventory, including battery cells. If we are unable to successfully deliver on our EV strategy, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects, and could negatively impact our brand and reputation. The success of our long-term EV strategy is dependent on consumer adoption of EVs. Consumer adoption of EVs has been slower than anticipated in light of recent U.S. Government policy changes, including the termination of certain consumer tax incentives for EV purchases. EV demand has been and, in the future could be, impacted by numerous additional factors, including the breadth of the portfolio of EVs available; perceptions about EV features, quality, safety, performance, and cost relative to ICE vehicles; the range over which EVs may be driven on a given battery charge; the proliferation and speed of charging infrastructure, in particular with respect to public EV charging stations, and the success of our charging infrastructure programs and strategic joint ventures and other relationships; volatility in energy prices due to increased demand and investments to support electrification efforts; volatility, or a sustained decrease, in the cost of petroleum-based fuel; lack of investments by governments and other third parties to make the necessary infrastructure improvements, such as greater availability of EV charging stations, and lack of meaningful and fully utilizable economic incentives promoting the adoption of EVs; and negative feedback from stakeholders impacting investor and consumer confidence in our Company or industry. For example, in light of the recent U.S. Government policy changes, we have reassessed our EV capacity and manufacturing footprint and completed a strategic realignment to expected consumer demand, and have recorded charges of $1.6 and $6.0 billion in the three months ended September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded total charges in GMNA of $7.9 billion. If industry-wide adoption rates continue to be slow, we may need to take additional portfolio actions to better match the consumer pace of EV adoption, such as not fully utilizing or reducing the capacity of our existing or future plants or reducing production hours or shifts, and we may become subject to claims by suppliers as a result of such actions. We may be unable to successfully deliver on our EV strategy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects, and could negatively impact our brand and reputation. Our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of vehicles, particularly our full-size ICE SUVs and full-size ICE pickup trucks. While we offer a broad portfolio of cars, crossovers, SUVs, and trucks, along with a strategic portfolio of EVs, we currently recognize the highest profit margins on our full-size ICE SUVs and full-size ICE pickup trucks. As a result, our success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. We are also using the cash generated by our current ICE vehicles to fund our growth strategy, including with respect to the continued development of next-generation ICE vehicles, EVs, autonomous and ADAS technologies, and software-enabled services. Any near-term shift in consumer preferences toward smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles, whether as a result of increases in the price of oil or any sustained shortage of oil, including as a result of global political instability (such as related to ongoing conflicts globally), concerns about fuel consumption or GHG emissions, or other reasons, could weaken the demand for our higher margin vehicles. More stringent fuel economy regulations could also impact our ability to sell these vehicles or could result in additional costs associated with these vehicles, which could be material. See “Our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business.” We operate in a highly competitive industry that has historically had excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and results of operations. The global automotive industry is highly competitive in terms of the quality, innovation, new technologies, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer service, and financial services offered. Additionally, despite the fact that OEMs have experienced supply constraints in recent years due to the COVID-19 pandemic and certain supply chain and logistics challenges, overall manufacturing capacity in the automotive industry has historically far exceeded demand. Supply chain and 13 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES logistics challenges may occur as a result of geopolitical and/or policy actions. Our ICE and electric vehicles also require a more resilient, scalable, and sustainable North American-focused supply chain, which includes advancing our strategic sourcing initiatives to secure supply through investments in raw materials suppliers and the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements with suppliers throughout the value chain. These agreements may require us to hold higher-than-normal levels of raw materials inventory and to make long-term commitments to purchase raw materials. Expected demand for these raw materials currently exceeds the North American capacity of the existing supply chain. If we are not successful in developing our North American supply chain, our results of operations and profitability could be negatively impacted. Many manufacturers, including GM, have relatively high fixed labor costs as well as limitations on their ability to efficiently close facilities and reduce fixed costs, including as a result of collective bargaining agreements. In light of any excess capacity and high fixed costs, many industry participants have attempted to sell more vehicles by providing subsidized financing or leasing programs, offering marketing incentives, or reducing vehicle prices. As a result, we have had, and may in the future need, to offer similar incentives, which may result in vehicle prices that do not offset our costs, including any cost increases or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations or tariffs, which could affect our profitability. Our competitors may also seek to benefit from economies of scale by consolidating or entering into other strategic agreements such as alliances or joint ventures intended to enhance their competitiveness. Manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs, such as China and India, have become competitors in key emerging markets and have begun offering their products in established markets, as well as low-cost alternatives to established entry-level automobiles. These actions have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and results of operations in these markets. In addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including GM and its joint venture partners. Introduction or modification of import tariffs or tariff-related measures may lead to further challenges for GM and our global business. We refocused our AV strategy on personal vehicles and the execution of this strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, regulatory, and competitive risks. Cruise Holdings, our wholly-owned subsidiary, had been pursuing the development and commercialization of AV technology for deployment in a robotaxi application. In December 2024, we announced plans to refocus our autonomous driving strategy on personal vehicles and that we would no longer fund Cruise's robotaxi development work. In February 2025, we acquired all of the Cruise equity interests held by noncontrolling shareholders. Following this acquisition, we wound down the Cruise robotaxi operations and combined the GM and Cruise ongoing personal autonomous technical efforts in our GMNA segment. While we expect our refocused AV strategy to be less capital intensive than the Cruise robotaxi plan, we expect that our AV and ADAS development activities will continue to require significant capital investments and remain subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware; attract and retain key software talent with expertise in AI and machine learning; access sufficient capital; access high-quality data to train the AI models deployed in our AV and ADAS technologies; and respond to significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to AV technologies than we do. In addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of AVs, including consumer acceptance, reputation of our brand, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal, state, provincial, or local regulations. Advanced technologies such as AVs, present novel issues with which domestic and foreign regulators have only limited experience, and will be subject to evolving regulatory frameworks. Any current or future regulations in these areas, and our relationships with regulators, could impede the successful commercialization of these technologies and impact whether and how these technologies are designed and integrated into our products, and may ultimately subject us to increased costs and uncertainty. To the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches, or other adverse events associated with our autonomous driving systems occur, we could be subject to liability, reputational harm, government scrutiny, and further regulation, and it could deter consumer adoption of AV and ADAS technology. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. 14 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including evolving regulation of GHG emissions and changing consumer preferences and demand, and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. Attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, requirements for disclosure, and changes in consumer and investor preferences may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, risks associated with new regulatory requirements, risks to our reputation, and the potential for increased litigation and governmental investigations. Despite recent actions taken by the U.S. federal government to reduce the stringency of emissions and fuel economy regulations, we expect such regulations at the federal, state, or local level or in international jurisdictions to continue to evolve and, in the future, such regulations could require us to further limit emissions associated with customer use of products we sell, change our manufacturing processes or product portfolio, or undertake other activities that may require us to incur additional expense, including the purchase of emissions credits or the payment of penalties, which may be material. In addition, the reduction in the stringency of emissions regulations has slowed and may continue to slow consumer demand for EVs in North America. These requirements may increase the cost of, and/or diminish demand for, our ICE vehicles. See “Our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business.” In addition, at the state and federal level in the U.S. and abroad, sustainability-related rules and regulations are facing legal scrutiny. Such regulations may cause disclosure requirements to shift and may increase the risk of litigation or regulatory action, which would result in increased costs (in our operations and supply chain), as well as risks to our reputation or consumer demand for our products if we do not meet demanding stakeholder expectations and standards. Furthermore, our practices are judged against sustainability standards that are continually evolving and not always clear. Part of our strategy to address these risks includes the continued scaling of EVs in line with consumer demand, which presents additional risks. See “Our long-term EV strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of EVs” and “Our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of vehicles, particularly our full-size ICE SUVs and full-size ICE pickup trucks.” In addition, increased intensity, frequency, or duration of storms, droughts, wildfires, or other severe weather events as a result of climate change may disrupt our production and the production, logistics, cost, and procurement of products from our suppliers, timely delivery of vehicles to customers and operations of our dealers, and could negatively impact working conditions at our plants and those of our suppliers and dealers. Such weather events may also adversely impact the financial condition of our customers, and thereby reduce demand for our products and services. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Risks related to our operations Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Because we have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, small changes in sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. A number of economic and market conditions drive changes in new vehicle sales, including disruptions in the new vehicle supply chain, the availability and prices of used vehicles, levels of unemployment and inflation, availability of affordable financing, elevated interest rates, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence and demand for vehicles, political unrest or uncertainty, the occurrence of a public health crisis, barriers to trade, and other global economic conditions. For a discussion of economic and market trends, see the "Overview" section in Part II, Item 7. MD&A. If our operating environment deteriorates for these or other reasons, including a moderate to severe recession in any of the markets in which we operate, it could lead to a significant decrease in new vehicle sales, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Inflationary pressures and persistently high prices and uncertain availability of commodities, raw materials, or other inputs used by us and our suppliers, or instability in logistics and related costs, could negatively impact our profitability. Increases in prices, including as a result of inflation and rising interest rates, for commodities, raw materials, energy, or other inputs that we and our suppliers use in manufacturing products, systems, components, and parts, such as steel, precious metals, non-ferrous metals, critical minerals, or other similar raw materials, or electrical subcomponents, including transistors, diodes, and other semiconductors, or increases in logistics and related costs, have led and may continue to lead to higher production costs for parts, components, and vehicles. In addition, elevated cost, or reduced availability, of critical materials for our EV propulsion systems, including lithium, nickel, cobalt, and certain rare earth metals, may lead to higher production costs for our EVs and could impede our ability to successfully deliver on our EV strategy. Further, increasing global demand for, and uncertain supply of, such materials could disrupt our or our suppliers’ ability to obtain such materials in a timely manner and/or could lead to increased costs. Geopolitical risk, fluctuations in supply and demand, fluctuations in interest rates, any weakening of the U.S. dollar, and other economic, regulatory, and political factors have created and may continue to create pricing pressure 15 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES for commodities, raw materials, energy, and other inputs. These inflationary pressures could, in turn, negatively impact our profitability because we may not be able to pass all of those costs on to our customers or require our suppliers to absorb such costs. Tariffs applicable to the automotive industry continue to evolve, including in the U.S., where the government has signaled tariff policy may shift in the future. Such tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. and other governments have implemented import tariffs and tariff-related measures—including on vehicles, parts, raw materials, and other inputs—and have indicated further measures may be under consideration. New or existing trade agreements, including the ongoing review of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, may also impact the tariff rate applicable to goods imported by GM or our suppliers. Additionally, certain tariffs are subject to pending legal challenges. In these respects, the global tariff environment remains highly dynamic, and the specific tariffs applicable to goods imported by GM and its suppliers into the U.S. and other countries where we operate continue to evolve. We cannot predict with complete precision the breadth of tariffs and related costs that will impact GM in the future. As a result, the ultimate impact of tariffs on our business could exceed our current estimates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and our expected financial results. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of tariffs, including, but not limited to, making changes to our U.S. production plan and reducing or pausing certain imports, may not be successful, and we do not expect such actions to fully offset the impact of tariffs in the near term. We have made and may need to make additional changes to our global production footprint and workforce, which could require significant capital expenditures and could result in asset impairments and other charges, including restructuring charges, any of which could be material. Evolving tariffs globally, along with other trade barriers and trade restrictions, may lead to supply chain disruptions, potentially resulting in increased production costs and the inability to receive certain critical parts. Our business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive, regulatory, and economic risks. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers, which have experienced significant growth in customer acceptance, as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. Over the last several years, this intense competition and an increasingly challenging operating environment negatively impacted the profitability of our operations in China, our China JVs' ability to grow vehicle sales in China, and our ability to generate sustainable equity income from our China JVs. As a result of certain restructuring actions previously announced in December 2024, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment of our equity interests of $2.1 billion and additional equity losses of $2.0 billion in the year ended December 31, 2024, and we recorded charges of $0.6 billion in the year ended December 31, 2025. We expect SAIC General Motors Corp., Ltd. (SGM) will likely incur additional restructuring charges in 2026. We cannot guarantee that the restructuring actions will be successful in our China JVs achieving long-term profitability or that additional, material restructuring actions will not be required. In addition, our success in China depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to EVs, infotainment, software-enabled connected services, and other new technologies while achieving affordability. Our ability to fully deploy our technologies in China may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and China and the unique regulatory landscape in China. Increased competition, continued U.S.-China trade tensions, weakening economic conditions in China or China's level of integration with key components of our global supply chain, among other factors, may result in cost increases, price reductions, reduced sales, profitability, and margins, and challenges to gaining or holding market share. Certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control of the Chinese government, and Chinese law regulates the scope of our investments and business conducted within China. The Chinese government may adopt new regulations that may impact entities operating in China or the ability of non-Chinese entities to obtain critical materials from China, potentially with little advance notice. In order to maintain access to the Chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements, including under such regulatory actions, that are unique to the Chinese market, at times with short notice. These actions may increase the cost of doing business in China or limit how we may do business in China, which could materially and adversely affect the profitability and financial condition of our China business. We benefit from many ongoing joint ventures and other strategic business relationships, particularly with respect to manufacturing EV battery cells and facilitating access to raw materials necessary for the production of EVs, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit and over which we may have limited control. We are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business, particularly in light of industry consolidation. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or 16 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES secure suitable business relationships in the future or that our competi

=== GM_2025-10-21.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors We face a number of significant risks and uncertainties in connection with our operations. Our business and the results of our operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by these risk factors. There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in our 2024 Form 10-K, other than as set forth below in this Item 1A. The U.S. Government has introduced new tariffs applicable to the automotive industry and has signaled tariff policy may shift further in the coming months. Such tariffs, and tariffs imposed by other governments, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. Government has introduced new tariffs and tariff-related measures, including tariffs specifically related to the automotive industry, and has indicated that other potential tariff measures and modifications to existing tariffs continue to be under consideration. For example, on October 17, 2025, the U.S. Government announced certain modifications to tariffs relevant to the automotive industry, including tariffs related to imports of heavy-duty trucks and, separately, to parts for passenger vehicles and light-duty trucks. Refer to the "Overview" section in Item 2. MD&A for a description of how we expect these tariff modifications will impact our results of operations. Additionally, certain tariffs are subject to pending legal challenges. In these respects, the U.S. tariff environment remains highly dynamic and the specific tariffs applicable to goods imported by GM and our suppliers into the U.S. continue to evolve. Import tariffs charged by other countries in which GM does business may also change. We believe the tariffs currently in place will have a $3.5 billion to $4.5 billion impact on our 2025 EBIT-adjusted results, but we cannot predict with complete precision the breadth of tariffs and related costs that will ultimately impact GM this year and beyond. As a result, the ultimate impact of tariffs on our business could exceed our current estimates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and our expected financial results. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of tariffs including, but not limited to, making changes to our U.S. production plan and reducing or pausing certain imports, may not be successful, and we do not expect such actions to fully offset the impact of tariffs in the near term. We have made and may need to make additional changes to our global production footprint and workforce, which could require significant capital expenditures and could result in asset impairments and other charges, including restructuring charges, any of which could be material. For example, we recently announced plans to increase vehicle and engine production in the U.S. Evolving tariffs globally, along with other trade barriers and trade restrictions, may lead to supply chain disruptions, potentially resulting in increased production costs and the inability to receive certain critical parts. * * * * * * * 49 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Purchases of Equity Securities The following table summarizes our purchases of common stock in the three months ended September 30, 2025: Total Number of Shares Purchased(a) Weighted Average Price Paid per Share(b) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2025 through July 31, 2025 12,708,915 $ 52.83 12,608,343 $3.6 billion August 1, 2025 through August 31, 2025 7,523,555 $ 55.10 7,521,173 $3.2 billion September 1, 2025 through September 30, 2025 7,137,257 $ 58.76 7,137,257 $2.8 billion Total 27,369,727 $ 55.00 27,266,773 __________ (a) Shares purchased include shares delivered by employees or directors to us for the payment of taxes resulting from the issuance of common stock upon the vesting of RSUs relating to compensation plans. Refer to our 2024 Form 10-K for additional details on employee stock incentive plans. (b) The weighted-average price paid per share excludes broker commissions. * * * * * * * Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended September 30, 2025, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. * * * * * * * 50 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Name 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of General Motors Company dated June 3 , 20 25 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of General Motors Company filed June 5 , 20 25 Incorporated by Reference 3.2 General Motors Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended October 4, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of General Motors Company filed October 9, 2024 Incorporated by Reference 31.1 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Filed Herewith 31.2 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Filed Herewith 32 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished with this Report 101 The following financial information from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2025, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL) includes: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Filed Herewith 104 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2025, formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 Filed Herewith * * * * * * * 51 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY (Registrant) By: /s/ CHRISTOPHER T. HATTO Christopher T. Hatto, Vice President, Global Business Solutions and Chief Accounting Officer Date: October 21, 2025 52 