=== GM_2026-01-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and the "Forward-Looking Statements" section of Part II, Item 7. MD A for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties. Our strong product portfolio exemplifies our deep design and engineering expertise, iconic brands, award winning vehicles, and clear outlook for the future, leading the U.S. auto industry in sales. We continue to push the industry forward, with a vision to create the right vehicle for every driver and a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion. Building on a century of innovation, we are leveraging software, hardware, artificial intelligence (AI), and sensors to produce safer, smarter, and more fuel efficient vehicles. We are developing advanced driver assistance and autonomous vehicle (AV) technology to help eliminate human driving error, save lives, and improve mobility for everyone. Vehicle Portfolio Our internal combustion engine (ICE) portfolio is a key driver of financial and market performance and customer loyalty led by our full-size trucks and sport utility vehicles (SUVs). We maintain a strong presence in both the mainstream and luxury categories of the auto industry. We serve the mainstream market with Chevrolet and GMC trucks, SUVs, and crossover utility vehicles, which are driving volume growth in premium-priced market segments. Our Cadillac brand, which continues to grow, services the global luxury segment, while also maintaining strong market presence in North America. GM has made significant investments to build a broad portfolio of electric vehicles (EVs) including establishing manufacturing and supply chain capacity for EVs, batteries, and components, in North America. Our EV portfolio has achieved significant market growth with strong positioning in the U.S. market. Our New Energy Vehicles (NEVs) in China have contributed to the turnaround in sales and business performance in China. EVs like the Chevrolet Equinox EV, Cadillac LYRIQ, Cadillac ESCALADE IQ, and the GMC Sierra EV have brought new customers to our brands and helped increase our EV market share. Despite our recent EV sales growth, U.S. regulatory and economic policy changes have impacted our expectations regarding the pace of EV growth and consumer demand. We have taken actions to strategically realign our EV capacity and manufacturing footprint with the slowing in customer demand for EVs. Due to our broad and diversified portfolio of both ICE and electric vehicles, we believe we are well positioned to respond to changes in demand given our strong market position with ICE vehicles in the U.S. and the success of our Chevrolet, Cadillac, and GMC EVs with customers. We are prioritizing an overall portfolio that successfully meets customer demand. We continue to invest in ICE vehicles alongside our EVs and plan to introduce new battery chemistries and form factors that will deliver the EV range and performance our customers desire, with even lower pack costs and improved profitability. Our EV portfolio takes advantage of integrated supply chain development, including battery cell production from Ultium Cells Holdings LLC (a joint venture with LG Energy Solution) in plants in Warren, Ohio and Spring Hill, Tennessee. We continue to build our vehicle portfolio on a foundation of extensive manufacturing capability. We have a network of 50 U.S. manufacturing plants and parts facilities in 19 states, which includes 11 vehicle assembly plants. In 2025, we announced 1 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES our plan to spend approximately $4.0 billion in capital investments to onshore production at plants in Tennessee, Kansas, and Michigan over the next two years and nearly $1.0 billion to build a new generation of advanced, fuel-efficient V8 engines in New York. These investments in U.S. assembly and propulsion plants will enable us to strengthen domestic manufacturing and ensure flexibility for both ICE and electric vehicles. As government policies have evolved, we have acted with urgency and discipline to maintain strong positioning within the industry. In 2025, the U.S. and other governments implemented new import tariffs impacting GM and our suppliers, including tariffs on vehicles and parts imported into the U.S. The tariff environment is highly dynamic and the specific tariffs applicable to goods imported by GM and its suppliers into the U.S., including under the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, and other countries are likely to evolve further. We will continue to adapt as appropriate. Software-Enabled Technology Services Our vehicles are equipped with a suite of software-enabled services, aimed at improving the customer experience and creating vehicles that improve and evolve over time, including OnStar services and Super Cruise. With nearly three decades of experience, OnStar is a global leader in enabling connected vehicle services. OnStar is available in more than 20 markets globally. As GM introduces more software-defined vehicles, OnStar will play a key role as an enabler of safety, infotainment, connectivity, and driver assistance features. OnStar provides one ecosystem for retail and fleet customers to use, engage, and shop through a broader set of service offerings available at and after vehicle purchase. Our end-to-end software platform provides customers with software-defined features, apps, and services over-the-air and empowers customers to update their ownership experiences with desirable features, software services, vehicle performance, and Super Cruise, our hands-free driver assistance technology. With an attentive driver and under proper conditions, Super Cruise enables drivers of equipped vehicles to travel hands-free on more than 600,000 miles of compatible roads in the U.S. and Canada. Many of GM's latest ICE vehicles and EVs are employing this software platform as it rolls out across most products in the coming years. Cruise GM Cruise Holdings LLC (Cruise Holdings), our wholly-owned subsidiary, has refocused from robotaxi development to developing our automated driving systems for personal vehicles. We worked with the Cruise leadership team to restructure Cruise's operations and have combined the GM and Cruise technical efforts to build on the success of Super Cruise and prioritize the development of advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) on a path to fully autonomous personal vehicles. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of the risks associated with our AV strategy. Competitive Position and Vehicle Sales The principal factors that determine consumer vehicle preferences in the markets in which we operate include overall vehicle design, price, quality, available options, safety, reliability, fuel economy or range, and functionality. Market leadership in individual countries in which we compete varies widely. We present both wholesale and total vehicle sales data to assist in the analysis of our revenue and market share. Wholesale vehicle sales data consists of sales to GM's dealers and distributors, as well as sales to the U.S. Government, and excludes vehicles sold by our joint ventures. Wholesale vehicle sales data correlates to our revenue recognized from the sale of vehicles, which is the largest component of Automotive net sales and revenue. In the year ended December 31, 2025, 27.5% of our wholesale vehicle sales volume was generated outside the U.S. The following table summarizes wholesale vehicle sales by our Automotive operations (vehicles in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 GMNA 3,296 86.8 % 3,464 86.4 % 3,147 83.5 % GMI 503 13.2 % 547 13.6 % 621 16.5 % Total 3,799 100.0 % 4,010 100.0 % 3,768 100.0 % Total vehicle sales data represents: (1) retail sales (i.e., sales to consumers who purchase new vehicles from dealers or distributors); (2) fleet sales (i.e., sales to large and small businesses, governments, and daily rental car companies); and (3) certain vehicles used by dealers in their business, including but not limited to courtesy transportation vehicles previously used by dealers that were sold to the end consumer. Total vehicle sales data includes all sales by joint ventures on a total vehicle basis, not based on our percentage ownership interest in the joint venture, including vehicle sales of non-GM trademarked vehicles, which are included in the total vehicle sales we report for China. While total vehicle sales data does not correlate directly to the revenue we recognize during a particular period, we believe it is indicative of the underlying demand for our vehicles. Total vehicle sales data represents management's good faith estimate based on sales reported by our dealers, 2 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES distributors, and joint ventures; commercially available data sources, such as registration and insurance data; and internal estimates and forecasts when other data is not available. The following table summarizes industry and GM total vehicle sales and our related competitive position by geographic region (vehicles in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Industry GM Market Share Industry GM Market Share Industry GM Market Share North America United States 16,631 2,853 17.2 % 16,356 2,705 16.5 % 16,022 2,595 16.2 % Other 4,027 507 12.6 % 3,904 510 13.1 % 3,590 460 12.8 % Total North America 20,658 3,361 16.3 % 20,260 3,215 15.9 % 19,612 3,055 15.6 % Asia/Pacific, Middle East, and Africa China(a) 26,412 1,880 7.1 % 26,408 1,839 7.0 % 24,967 2,099 8.4 % Other 22,368 538 2.4 % 21,876 522 2.4 % 22,189 577 2.6 % Total Asia/Pacific, Middle East, and Africa 48,780 2,418 5.0 % 48,284 2,360 4.9 % 47,156 2,676 5.7 % South America Brazil 2,688 276 10.3 % 2,634 315 12.0 % 2,307 328 14.2 % Other 1,679 126 7.5 % 1,347 109 8.1 % 1,419 128 9.0 % Total South America 4,367 403 9.2 % 3,981 424 10.7 % 3,726 456 12.2 % Total in GM markets 73,805 6,182 8.4 % 72,524 6,000 8.3 % 70,494 6,187 8.8 % Total Europe 16,925 2 % 16,765 2 % 16,526 2 % Total Worldwide(b) 90,730 6,184 6.8 % 89,289 6,003 6.7 % 87,020 6,189 7.1 % United States Cars 2,719 57 2.1 % 2,946 178 6.0 % 3,070 224 7.3 % Trucks 4,592 1,517 33.0 % 4,336 1,383 31.9 % 4,249 1,303 30.7 % Crossovers 9,320 1,280 13.7 % 9,074 1,144 12.6 % 8,702 1,068 12.3 % Total United States 16,631 2,853 17.2 % 16,356 2,705 16.5 % 16,022 2,595 16.2 % China(a) SGMS 512 524 870 SGMW 1,368 1,315 1,229 Total 26,412 1,880 7.1 % 26,408 1,839 7.0 % 24,967 2,099 8.4 % __________ (a) Includes sales by the Automotive China Joint Ventures (Automotive China JVs): SAIC General Motors Sales Co., Ltd. (SGMS) and SAIC GM Wuling Automobile Co., Ltd. (SGMW). (b) Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Sudan have been subject to broad economic sanctions . Accordingly, these countries are excluded from industry sales data and corresponding calculation of market share. 3 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES As discussed above, total vehicle sales and market share data provided in the table above includes fleet vehicles. We sell vehicles directly or through our dealer network to fleet customers, including daily rental car companies, commercial fleet customers, leasing companies, and governments. Certain fleet transactions, particularly sales to daily rental car companies, are generally less profitable than retail sales to end customers. The following table summarizes estimated fleet sales and those sales as a percentage of total vehicle sales (vehicles in thousands): Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 GMNA 667 615 679 GMI 427 401 506 Total fleet sales 1,094 1,016 1,185 Fleet sales as a percentage of total vehicle sales 17.7 % 16.9 % 19.2 % Product Pricing Several methods are used to promote our products, including the use of dealer, retail, and fleet incentives, such as customer rebates and finance rate support. The level of incentives is dependent upon the level of competition in the markets in which we operate and the level of demand for our products. Cyclical and Seasonal Nature of Business The market for vehicles can be cyclical and depends in part on general economic conditions, credit availability, and consumer spending. Vehicle markets can also be seasonal. Production varies from month to month. Vehicle model changeovers occur throughout the year as a result of new market entries. Relationship with Dealers We market vehicles and automotive parts primarily through a network of independent authorized retail dealers. These outlets include distributors, dealers, and authorized sales, service, and parts outlets. Our customers can obtain a wide range of after-sale vehicle services and products through our dealer network, such as maintenance, light repairs, collision repairs, vehicle accessories, and extended service warranties. The number of authorized dealerships and other agents performing similar functions were 4,566 in GMNA and 6,276 in GMI at December 31, 2025. We, and our joint ventures, enter into a contract with each authorized dealer agreeing to sell to the dealer one or more specified product lines at wholesale prices and granting the dealer the right to sell those products to customers from an approved location. Our dealers often offer more than one GM brand at a single dealership in a number of our markets. Authorized dealers offer parts, accessories, service, and repairs for GM vehicles in the product lines that they sell using GM parts and accessories. Our dealers are authorized to service GM vehicles under our limited warranty, and those repairs are made almost exclusively with GM parts. Our dealers generally provide their customers with access to credit or lease financing, vehicle insurance, and extended service contracts, which may be provided by GM Financial and other financial institutions. The quality of GM dealerships and our relationship with our dealers are critical to our success, given that they maintain the primary sales and service interface with the end consumer of our products. In addition to the terms of our contracts with our dealers, we are regulated by various country and state franchise laws and regulations that may supersede those contractual terms and impose specific regulatory requirements and standards for initiating dealer network changes, pursuing terminations for cause, and other contractual matters. Research, Product Development, and Intellectual Property Costs for research, manufacturing engineering, software engineering, product engineering, and design and development activities primarily relate to developing new products or services or improving existing products or services, including activities related to vehicle and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions control, improved fuel economy, EVs, ADAS, and the safety of drivers and passengers. Research and development expenses were $8.5 billion, $9.2 billion, and $9.9 billion in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Product Development The Global Product Development organization is responsible for delivering an end-to-end, integrated product and software ecosystem designed to deliver safer, smarter, and more seamless driving experiences across multiple vehicle segments. The work spans advanced driver assistance and autonomy, connected vehicle platforms, and OnStar s evolution into an intelligent, always-on services layer, combining software, AI, and vehicle platforms to continuously improve the customer experience over time. Our global vehicle architecture development team is headquartered at our Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, where we build experiences to meet customer requirements and maximize global economies of scale. Intellectual Property We are constantly innovating and hold a significant number of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property that protect those innovations in numerous countries. While no single piece of intellectual property is 4 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES individually material to our business as a whole, our intellectual property is important to our operations and continued technological development. Additionally, we hold a number of trademarks and service marks that are very important to our identity and recognition in the marketplace. Raw Materials, Services, and Supplies We purchase a wide variety of raw materials, systems, components, parts, supplies, semiconductors, energy, freight, transportation, and other services from numerous suppliers to manufacture our products. The raw materials primarily include steel, aluminum, resins, copper, lead, and precious metals. We do not normally carry substantial inventories of these raw materials in excess of levels reasonably required to meet our production requirements, and while we have not experienced any significant shortages of raw materials, supply disruptions may occur as a result of geopolitical and/or policy actions. Processing and extraction of certain EV battery raw materials is currently concentrated in China and may be subject to import or export restrictions, and/or tariffs. Additionally, to grow and thrive in a competitive global environment will require developing a more resilient, scalable, and sustainable North America-focused supply chain, which includes advancing our strategic sourcing initiatives to secure supply through investments in raw materials suppliers and the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements with suppliers throughout the value chain. Focusing on the principle of "buy where we build" will allow the team to work toward greater scalability and stability. This includes securing supply through offtake agreements for raw materials and derivatives thereof, such as lithium, cathode active material, manganese, synthetic and natural graphite, nickel, cobalt, rare earth elements, and permanent motor magnets. These raw material and semiconductor supply agreements may require us to hold higher than normal levels of inventory and to make long-term commitments to purchase materials. In some instances, we purchase systems, components, parts, and supplies from a single source, which may increase risk to supply disruptions. The inability or unwillingness of these sources to provide us with parts and supplies could have a material adverse effect on our production. Combined purchases from our two largest suppliers overall were approximately 12% of our total purchases in the year ended December 31, 2025, and approximately 11% of our total purchases in each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of these risks. Automotive Financing - GM Financial GM Financial is our global captive automotive finance company and our global provider of automobile finance solutions. GM Financial conducts its business in North America, South America, and through joint ventures in China. GM Financial provides retail loan and lease lending across the credit spectrum to support vehicle sales. Additionally, GM Financial offers commercial lending products to dealers including floorplan financing, which is lending to finance new and used vehicle inventory; and dealer loans, which are loans to finance improvements to dealership facilities, to provide working capital, or to purchase and/or finance dealership real estate. GM Financial provides lending products to commercial vehicle upfitters and advances to certain GM subsidiaries. GM Financial generally seeks to fund its operations in each country through local sources of funding to minimize currency and country risk. GM Financial primarily finances its loan, lease, and commercial origination volume through the use of secured and unsecured credit facilities, securitization transactions, and the issuance of unsecured debt in the capital markets. 5 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES Human Capital The foundation of GM s business is our purpose: We pioneer the innovations that move and connect people to what matters. Our skilled teams are the heart of GM. Our purpose, strategy, and culture point toward our vision of a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion. Our people are our most valuable asset, and we must continue to attract and retain the best talent to achieve this vision. As a result, we strive to create a Workplace of Choice to attract, retain, motivate, and develop top talent by adhering to a responsible employer philosophy, which includes, among other things, commitments to create job opportunities, paying workers fairly, ensuring safety and well-being, and fostering a work environment in which all employees can perform at their best. Fundamental to these commitments are our Company values. Values Our values are the foundational beliefs that guide our actions. They define what we hold most important and inform how we interact with our customers, our partners, and each other. Customers Excellence We put customers at the center of everything we do-and every interaction matters. Driven by ingenuity and innovation, we have the tenacity to win. Relationships Truth Our success depends on our relationships inside and outside the Company. We pursue facts and respectfully challenge assumptions. Our eight GM behaviors are the foundation of our culture. Develop and Retain Talented People Today, we compete for talent not only against other automotive companies, but with businesses in sectors such as technology. To win and retain that talent, we must encourage employee behaviors that align with our values and fulfill employees' career aspirations. We have introduced various resources to clarify expectations of our employees at each stage of their career ladder in terms of role scope, skills, and behaviors. Along with providing mentoring and networking opportunities, we offer a vast array of career development resources to employees to make the most of their careers at GM. We have established curricula for each of our functional areas aimed at ensuring that our employees have the skills they need to perform their jobs. We also offer continuing education programs from leading colleges and universities. For example, the Technical Education Program provides employees an opportunity to complete corporate strategically aligned degrees and certificate programs. Employees in some of our technical roles can participate in the GM Technical Learning University, a training and upskilling program designed to expand and update the technical abilities of our workforce. 6 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES GM recognizes that leadership effectiveness is a critical business need. We continue to expand our leadership development programs, which are designed to deliver skills and behaviors for each level of leadership to effectively lead their teams. Safety and Well-Being The safety and well-being of our employees is also a critical component of our ability to transform the future of personal mobility. At GM, we pride ourselves on our commitment to live values that return people home safely, Every Person, Every Site, Every Day. Our unwavering commitment to safety is manifested through empowering employees to Speak Up for Safety and the Employee Safety Concern Process. These resources provide clear processes for salaried, hourly, or represented employees and contract workers to report potential vehicle or workplace safety issues, or to suggest safety-related improvements showcasing our dedication to safety leadership and fostering the growth of our safety culture. The well-being of our employees is equally as important to entice and stimulate creativity and innovation. Our award-winning Total Rewards package includes support for physical, emotional, and financial wellness. We provide a comprehensive, competitive offering that includes compensation, a 401(k) company contribution and matching program, paid time off for holidays and vacations, a high-quality health care plan, and GM Family First savings on GM vehicles, parts, and services. We are committed to creating safe spaces where people can perform and thrive at work. GM encourages and supports healthy behaviors, attitudes, and actions in our workplaces to improve health outcomes for team members and their families and to contribute to the success of our business. Employees At December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 88,000 (56%) hourly employees and approximately 68,000 (44%) salaried employees. At December 31, 2025, substantially all of our hourly U.S. employees (approximately 47,000) were represented by unions, a majority of which were represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace, and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW). The following table summarizes worldwide employment (in thousands): December 31, 2025 GMNA 119 GMI 28 GM Financial 9 Total Worldwide 155 U.S. - Salaried 47 U.S. - Hourly 47 Information About our Executive Officers As of January 27, 2026, the names and ages of our executive officers, their positions with GM, and their business experiences during the past five years are as follows: Name (Age) Present GM Position (Effective Date) Positions Held During the Past Five Years (Effective Date) Sterling J. Anderson (42) Executive Vice President, Global Product and Chief Product Officer (2025) Aurora Innovation, Co-Founder and Chief Product Officer (2017) Mary T. Barra (64) Chair and Chief Executive Officer (2016) Grant M. Dixton (52) Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Public Policy Officer, and Corporate Secretary (2024) Activision Blizzard, Chief Legal Officer (2021) Boeing, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary (2020) Rory V. Harvey (58) Executive Vice President and President, Global Markets (2024) Executive Vice President and President, North America (2023) Vice President, Global Cadillac (2020) Christopher T. Hatto (55) Vice President, Global Business Solutions and Chief Accounting Officer (2020) Paul A. Jacobson (54) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2020) Mark L. Reuss (62) President (2019) There are no family relationships between any of the officers named above and there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the officers named above and any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as an officer. Each of the officers named above was elected by the Board of Directors to hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 7 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES Environmental and Regulatory Matters Automotive Criteria Emissions Control Our products are subject to laws and regulations globally that require us to control certain non-GHG automotive emissions, including vehicle and engine exhaust emission standards, vehicle evaporative emission standards, and onboard diagnostic (OBD) system requirements. Emission requirements have become more stringent as a result of stricter standards and new diagnostic requirements that have come into force in many markets around the world, often with varying levels of harmonization. Regulatory authorities may conduct ongoing evaluations of products from all manufacturers. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. The U.S. federal government, through the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), imposes evolving exhaust and evaporative emission control requirements on vehicles sold in the U.S. The California Air Resources Board (CARB) also imposes stringent exhaust and evaporative emission standards. The Clean Air Act permits other states that have areas with air quality compliance issues to adopt California emission standards in lieu of federal requirements. Various other states have adopted California emission standards, and there is a possibility that additional states could adopt California emission standards in the future. In March 2024, the EPA finalized its Tier 4 Multipollutant Rule that will begin with the 2027 model year. The historically stringent proposal calls for ever-increasing volumes of zero emission vehicles (ZEVs) in order to maintain compliance with progressively stricter standards for air pollutants from new motor vehicles. In March 2025, the EPA announced that it will reconsider the Tier 4 Multipollutant Rule. For each model year, we must obtain certification that our vehicles and engines will meet emission requirements of the EPA before we can sell vehicles in the U.S. and Canada, and an executive order from CARB before we can sell vehicles in California and the states that have adopted California emission standards. The Canadian federal government's current vehicle pollutant emission requirements are generally aligned with U.S. federal requirements. In 2019, certain areas within China began implementation of the China 6 emission standard (China 6) requirements. China 6 combines elements of both European Union (EU) and U.S. standards and increases the time and mileage periods over which manufacturers are responsible for a vehicle's emission performance. Nationwide implementation of China 6a for new registrations occurred in January 2021, and the more stringent China 6b was implemented in July 2023. In 2022, China began studies regarding the next generation of vehicle emission standards (China 7), with the final standard expected during the Fifteenth Five-Year Plan (2026 2030). While largely based on Euro 7 (defined below), some divergence and unique requirements are expected regarding pollution abatement and CO2 limits. In 2018, Brazil approved a set of national emission standards referred to as L7, implemented in 2022 for new vehicles, and L8, implemented in phases beginning in 2025. L7 standards cover vehicle exhaust emissions, durability for emissions, evaporative emissions, and noise limits, and include additional OBD requirements and a phase-in for onboard refueling vapor recovery systems. L8 standards introduce corporate average emissions targets (fleet average target), which increase in stringency every two years until 2031. Some of the OBD requirements are aligned with those of the EPA. As a result of the sale of the Opel and Vauxhall businesses and certain other assets in Europe (the Opel/Vauxhall Business), GM s vehicle presence in Europe is smaller, but GM may still be affected by actions taken by regulators related both to Opel/Vauxhall vehicles sold before the sale of the Opel/Vauxhall Business as well as to other vehicles GM continues to sell in Europe. As part of the EU's desire to accelerate the shift to sustainable mobility, the EU has recently rolled out new regulations which will impose more stringent emissions standards on ICE vehicles (Euro 7), with the aim of a 90% reduction in CO2 tail pipe emissions compared to 2021 levels from new vehicles before 2035. These updated standards now include restrictions on non-tail pipe emissions covering both brake and tire emissions. Regulations that are already in place, such as the EU Battery Regulation, and for which technical requirements are currently being shaped will also impact EV battery design, use, and recyclability/recycling. For additional information, refer to Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements. Automotive Fuel Economy and GHG Emissions In the U.S., the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) promulgates and enforces Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards for three separate fleets: domestic cars, import cars, and light-duty trucks. Manufacturers may use one or a combination of the following to resolve CAFE fleet deficits: credits from the five prior model years, expected credits for the next three model years, credits obtained from other manufacturers, or payment of civil penalties. In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the Act) set CAFE civil penalties to zero on a going forward basis for all non-finalized model years. In addition to federal CAFE standards, the EPA promulgates and enforces GHG 8 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES emission standards. Manufacturers may use one or a combination of the following to resolve EPA GHG fleet deficits: credits from the five prior model years, expected credits for the next three model years, and credits obtained from other manufacturers. NHTSA and the EPA have previously finalized separate standards with differing stringency levels and affected model years, with the CAFE standards addressing the 2024 2026 model years and the GHG standards addressing the 2023 2026 model years, and both standards have been challenged through litigation. In 2024, NHTSA finalized CAFE standards for the 2027 2031 model years and the EPA finalized GHG standards for the 2027 2032 model years. NHTSA and the EPA have also finalized ongoing fuel efficiency and GHG emissions requirements for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles. These requirements also increase in stringency over time. In June 2025, NHTSA published an interpretive rule indicating that it would revisit its medium- and heavy-duty fuel efficiency program, including related civil penalties, to ensure it is consistent with the agency s governing statutes. In July 2025, the EPA proposed to remove GHG regulations for light-, medium-, and heavy-duty on-highway vehicles on a retrospective and prospective basis. In December 2025, NHTSA proposed revised CAFE standards for the 2022 2031 model years that reduce the stringency from what were previously finalized. NHTSA also proposed to remove credit trading as a mechanism to resolve deficits, beginning with the 2028 model year. In addition, since 2012, CARB has promulgated and enforces its own light-duty vehicle GHG standards with increasing stringency through model year 2025, and other states have adopted CARB's GHG standards under the Federal Clean Air Act. GM is required to meet state GHG standards in California and the states that have adopted California s GHG standards. In 2022, CARB began establishing the next phase of regulations beginning with model year 2026. However, CARB has not proposed increases to its GHG standards for the 2026 or later model years. In 2022, CARB adopted the Advanced Clean Cars II (ACC II) program, which requires the sale of increasing percentages of light-duty ZEVs for the 2026 2035 model years, ending with a 100% ZEV target, which has been adopted by numerous states. CARB received a waiver from the EPA for it and the other adopting states to implement and enforce the ACC II program and that waiver action has been challenged through litigation. CARB has also imposed a ZEV requirement for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles in its Advanced Clean Trucks (ACT) program, requiring increasing percentages of ZEVs for the 2024 2026 model years, ending with a 100% ZEV sales requirement in the 2036 model year. CARB received a waiver from the EPA to enforce ACT. In June 2025, the U.S. Congress passed resolutions of disapproval invalidating EPA s waivers for ACC II and ACT. These resolutions have been challenged through litigation, which is ongoing. In Canada, generally, federal passenger and light truck GHG regulations contain emission standards that are modeled on U.S. EPA passenger and light truck GHG emission standards, as those standards read on February 28, 2022. In December 2023, the Canadian federal government announced the Electric Vehicle Availability Standard (EVAS) as a new, separate requirement within the existing light-duty GHG emission regulation. The EVAS requires a specified percentage of manufacturer's new light-duty vehicles offered for sale in Canada to be ZEV, beginning with model year 2026 and increasing each year to 100% by model year 2035, and potential enforcement actions for non-compliance. On September 5, 2025, the Canadian federal government announced that it would remove the 2026 EVAS target, and launched a 60-day review of the overall regulation. The Canadian federal government has not clarified the status of the EVAS following the 60-day review, but may do so in the future. At the provincial level, Quebec and British Columbia currently maintain ZEV sales requirements, similar to the federal EVAS, including potential monetary penalties for non-compliance. In Quebec, in December 2024, the provincial government additionally legislated a ban on the sale of new light-duty ICE vehicles in Quebec by December 31, 2035. In September 2025, the Quebec government announced that it would lift the ICE ban entirely, and the ZEV sales requirement would be reduced to 90% of total sales in 2035, and reduced annual EV sales targets until 2035. In British Columbia, the provincial ZEV sales requirement remains unchanged since it was last amended in 2023, to require manufacturers to achieve 100% of new EV sales by 2035. China has two fuel consumption requirements for passenger vehicles enforced by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology: an individual vehicle pass-fail type approval requirement and a corporate average fuel consumption (CAFC) requirement. Specific to the CAFC requirement, China introduced Phase 5 in 2021 with full compliance required by 2025 and Phase 6 will span 2026 2030. In addition, China requires passenger car manufacturers to produce a certain volume of plug-in hybrid, battery electric, and fuel cell vehicles, which are referred to as NEVs, from 2019 and beyond. The number of NEV credits per car is based on the electric range, energy efficiency, and battery energy density with the goal of increasing NEV volume penetrations and improving technological sophistication over time. Uncommitted NEV credits may be used to assist compliance with the CAFC requirement. China has finalized NEV credit targets up to 2027. In 2025, China began to study the NEV credit mandates for 2028 2030 with the final standard expected in 2027. These standards increase in stringency, aligned with the trend observed in other key global markets. China is evaluating a transition of these regulations to a carbon system from 2028. 9 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES In Brazil, the National Institute of Metrology, Quality, and Technology, in collaboration with relevant agencies, promulgates and enforces fuel efficiency standards that are comparable to the U.S.' CAFE standards for light-duty and mid-size trucks and SUVs, including diesel vehicles. In 2024, Brazil s Programa Nacional de Mobilidade Verde e Inova o (MOVER Program) introduced more stringent fuel efficiency and emission requirements between 2024 and 2028. In Mexico, the Secretariat of Environment and Natural Resources (SEMARNAT) promulgates GHG regulations with the current Phase 1 rule covering vehicles through the 2027 model year. A Phase 2 rule covering 2028 2032 model years is under development and it is expected that SEMARNAT will release a draft by the end of the year. We have several options to comply with existing and potential new and amended regulations that we have utilized and may continue to utilize, including increasing production and sale of certain vehicles, such as EVs, and curtailing production of others, which could include profitable ICE vehicles; technology changes, including fuel consumption efficiency, and engine upgrades; payment of penalties; and/or the purchase of credits from third parties. We regularly evaluate our current and future product plans and strategies for compliance with evolving fuel economy and GHG regulations. In the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we paid $0.4 billion, $2.0 billion, and $0.5 billion to purchase credits to facilitate our compliance with regulations. We recorded compliance-related costs of $0.9 billion, $1.0 billion, and $0.7 billion in Automotive and other cost of sales in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Our compliance-related costs in the year ended December 31, 2025 include an insignificant charge to write off acquired CAFE credits and $0.4 billion related to the GHG regulations that the EPA has proposed to remove. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. Industrial Environmental Control Our operations are subject to a wide range of environmental protection laws, including those regulating air emissions, water discharge, waste management, and environmental cleanup. Certain environmental statutes require that responsible parties fund remediation actions regardless of fault, legality of original disposal, or ownership of a disposal site. Under certain circumstances, these laws impose joint and several liability as well as liability for related damages to natural resources. Chemical Regulations We continually monitor the implementation of chemical regulations to maintain compliance and evaluate their effect on our business, suppliers, and the automotive industry. Globally, governments continue to introduce new legislation and regulations related to the selection and use of chemicals by mandating broad prohibitions or restrictions and implementing vehicle interior air quality, green chemistry, life cycle analysis, and product stewardship initiatives. These initiatives give broad regulatory authority to ban or restrict the use of certain chemical substances and potentially affect automobile manufacturers' responsibilities for vehicle components at the end of a vehicle's life, as well as chemical selection for product development and manufacturing. Global treaties and initiatives, such as the Basel, Rotterdam, and Stockholm Conventions on Chemicals and Waste, the Minamata Convention on Mercury, and EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, are driving chemical regulations across signatory countries. Increases in the use of circuit boards and other electronics may require additional assessment under the Restriction of Hazardous Substances and Waste from Electrical and Electronic Equipment directives. New European requirements require suppliers of parts and vehicles to the European market to disclose substances of concern in parts. Chemical regulations are evolving in North America. In the U.S., the EPA is moving forward with risk analysis and management of high priority chemicals under the authority of the 2016 Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. The EPA has also issued a per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) reporting rule that requires manufacturers to report PFAS use and other data from 2011 to 2022, with certain exemptions proposed in November 2025. In addition, several U.S. states have chemical management regulations that can affect vehicle design and manufacturing, such as chemical restriction and use requirements. For example, Minnesota has adopted PFAS reporting and elimination requirements beginning as early as 2026, except for unavoidable uses. Chemical restrictions and export controls in Canada continue to steadily progress under the Environment and Climate Change Canada's Chemical Management Plan to assess existing substances and implement risk management controls on any chemical deemed toxic. These emerging laws and regulations may lead to increases in costs and supply chain complexity. Manufacturers, including joint venture partners and suppliers, that do not comply with global and specific country regulations could be subject to civil penalties, production disruptions, or limitations on the sale of affected products. We believe we are materially in compliance with substantially all these requirements or expect to be materially in compliance by the required dates. 10 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES Vehicle Safety U.S. Requirements The National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 1966 (the Safety Act) regulates the vehicles and items of motor vehicle equipment that we manufacture and sell. The Safety Act prohibits the sale in the U.S. of any new vehicle or equipment that does not conform to applicable federal motor vehicle safety standards established by NHTSA. Meeting or exceeding the many safety standards is costly as global compliance and non-governmental assessment requirements continue to evolve and grow more complex, and lack harmonization globally. The Safety Act further requires that if we or NHTSA determine a vehicle or an item of vehicle equipment does not comply with a safety standard, or that vehicle or equipment contains a defect that poses an unreasonable safety risk, we must conduct a safety recall to remedy that condition in the affected vehicles. Should we or NHTSA determine a safety defect or noncompliance issue exists with respect to any of our vehicles, the cost of such recall campaigns could be substantial. Other National Requirements Outside of the U.S., many countries have established vehicle safety standards and regulations and are likely to adopt additional, more stringent requirements in the future. The European General Safety Regulation has introduced United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) regulations, which are required for the European Type Approval process. Globally, governments generally have been adopting UNECE-based regulations with some variations to address local concerns. Any difference between North American and UNECE-based regulations can add complexity and costs to vehicle development, and we continue to support efforts to harmonize regulations to reduce complexity. Safety and recall requirements in various countries around the world, including in China, Brazil, and Gulf Cooperation Council countries, also may add substantial costs and complexity to our safety and field action activities globally. In Canada, vehicle regulatory requirements are generally aligned with U.S. regulations; however, under the Canadian Motor Vehicle Safety Act, recall thresholds are different and the Minister of Transport has broad powers to order manufacturers to submit a notice of defect or non-compliance when the Minister considers it to be in the interest of safety. Global regulations continue to evolve in scope with new technologies, some of which can be market-specific, that can add complexity and increase our cost of compliance globally. Crash Test Ratings and New Car Assessment Programs Organizations in various regions around the world, including in the U.S., rate and compare motor vehicles through various New Car Assessment Programs (NCAPs) to provide consumers and businesses with additional information about the safety of new vehicles. NCAPs use crash tests and other evaluations that are different than what is required by applicable regulations, and use stars or other grading systems, depending on the region, to rate vehicle safety. Achieving high NCAP ratings, which can vary by country and region, can add complexity and cost to vehicles. Website Access to Our Reports Our internet website address is https://www.gm.com. In addition to the information about us and our subsidiaries contained in this 2025 Form 10-K, information about us can be found on our website including information on our corporate governance principles and practices. Our Investor Relations website at https://investor.gm.com and our News website at https://news.gm.com contain a significant amount of information about us, including financial and other information for investors. We encourage investors to visit both websites, as we frequently update and post new information about our Company on these websites and it is possible that this information could be deemed to be material information. Our Investor Relations website and News website and information included in or linked to these websites are not part of this 2025 Form 10-K. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our filings at https://www.sec.gov. * * * * * * * 11 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES Item 1A. Risk Factors We have listed below the most material risk factors applicable to us. These risk factors are not necessarily in the order of importance or probability of occurrence: Risks related to our competition and strategy If we do not deliver new products, services, technologies, and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer needs and preferences, our business could suffer. We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) shift resources and strategies in response to changes in the regulatory landscape and evolving consumer preferences. In addition to our traditional competitors, we must also be responsive to the entrance of start-ups and other non-traditional competitors in the automotive industry, such as software and ridesharing services supported by large technology companies. These new competitors, as well as established industry participants, are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation, and vehicle ownership. To successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop and commercialize new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core ICE business, such as EVs and AV capabilities, software-enabled connected services, future features and services based on AI, and other new businesses. There can be no assurance that advances in technology will occur in a timely or feasible way, if at all, that others will not acquire similar or superior technologies sooner than we do, or that we will acquire technologies on an exclusive basis or at a significant price advantage. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment. If our access to capital were to become significantly constrained, if costs of capital increased significantly, or if our ability to raise capital is challenged relative to our peers, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could be adversely affected. Similarly, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could also be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate new technology, including AI, in a timely, cost-effective, compliant, and reasonable manner, or if the methods and processes we use to develop, deploy, or otherwise use such new technology are found to not be in compliance with rapidly evolving regulatory standards. Further, if we are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our software and hardware, or fail to deploy updates to our software properly, or if we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments, and changing customer needs and preferences, our sales, profitability, and long-term competitiveness may be materially harmed. Our ability to attract and retain talented and highly skilled employees is critical to our success and competitiveness. Attracting and retaining employees who are highly skilled in their areas is critical to thriving in an increasingly competitive landscape. In particular, our vehicles and connected services increasingly rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex, and our success in this area is dependent upon our ability to retain and recruit the best talent. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. In addition to compensation considerations, current and potential employees are increasingly placing a premium on culture and other various intangibles, such as working for companies with a clear purpose and strong brand reputation, flexible work arrangements, and other considerations. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our strategic plans. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features, at decreasing price points, designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Producing new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that preserve our reputation for designing, building, and selling safe, high-quality cars, crossovers, trucks, and SUVs is critical to our long-term profitability. Successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term profitability. The new vehicle development process can take two years or more, and a number of factors may lengthen that time period. Because of this product development cycle and the various elements that may contribute to consumers acceptance of new vehicle designs, including competitors product introductions, technological innovations, fuel prices, general economic conditions, regulatory developments, including tax credits or other government policies in various countries, transportation infrastructure and changes in quality, safety, reliability, and styling demands and preferences, an initial product concept or design may not result in a saleable vehicle or a vehicle that generates sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. Our high proportion of fixed costs, both due to our significant investment in property, plant, and equipment as well as other requirements 12 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES of our collective bargaining agreements, which limit our flexibility to adjust personnel costs to changes in demands for our products, may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for our vehicles. Our long-term EV strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of EVs. The production and profitable sale of EVs is an important part of our long-term business strategy. Our EV strategy is dependent on our ability to (1) deliver a strategic portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; (2) scale our EV manufacturing capabilities relative to consumer demand; (3) reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs, particularly with respect to battery cells and packs; (4) increase vehicle range and the rate of charge and energy density of our batteries; (5) efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of battery cells; (6) license and monetize our proprietary platforms and related innovations; (7) successfully invest in new technologies relative to our peers; (8) develop new software and services; and (9) leverage our scale, manufacturing capabilities, and synergies with existing ICE vehicles relative to consumer demand. Our progress towards these objectives has impacted, and may continue to impact, the need to record losses on our EV-related inventory, including battery cells. If we are unable to successfully deliver on our EV strategy, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects, and could negatively impact our brand and reputation. The success of our long-term EV strategy is dependent on consumer adoption of EVs. Consumer adoption of EVs has been slower than anticipated in light of recent U.S. Government policy changes, including the termination of certain consumer tax incentives for EV purchases. EV demand has been and, in the future could be, impacted by numerous additional factors, including the breadth of the portfolio of EVs available; perceptions about EV features, quality, safety, performance, and cost relative to ICE vehicles; the range over which EVs may be driven on a given battery charge; the proliferation and speed of charging infrastructure, in particular with respect to public EV charging stations, and the success of our charging infrastructure programs and strategic joint ventures and other relationships; volatility in energy prices due to increased demand and investments to support electrification efforts; volatility, or a sustained decrease, in the cost of petroleum-based fuel; lack of investments by governments and other third parties to make the necessary infrastructure improvements, such as greater availability of EV charging stations, and lack of meaningful and fully utilizable economic incentives promoting the adoption of EVs; and negative feedback from stakeholders impacting investor and consumer confidence in our Company or industry. For example, in light of the recent U.S. Government policy changes, we have reassessed our EV capacity and manufacturing footprint and completed a strategic realignment to expected consumer demand, and have recorded charges of $1.6 and $6.0 billion in the three months ended September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded total charges in GMNA of $7.9 billion. If industry-wide adoption rates continue to be slow, we may need to take additional portfolio actions to better match the consumer pace of EV adoption, such as not fully utilizing or reducing the capacity of our existing or future plants or reducing production hours or shifts, and we may become subject to claims by suppliers as a result of such actions. We may be unable to successfully deliver on our EV strategy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects, and could negatively impact our brand and reputation. Our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of vehicles, particularly our full-size ICE SUVs and full-size ICE pickup trucks. While we offer a broad portfolio of cars, crossovers, SUVs, and trucks, along with a strategic portfolio of EVs, we currently recognize the highest profit margins on our full-size ICE SUVs and full-size ICE pickup trucks. As a result, our success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. We are also using the cash generated by our current ICE vehicles to fund our growth strategy, including with respect to the continued development of next-generation ICE vehicles, EVs, autonomous and ADAS technologies, and software-enabled services. Any near-term shift in consumer preferences toward smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles, whether as a result of increases in the price of oil or any sustained shortage of oil, including as a result of global political instability (such as related to ongoing conflicts globally), concerns about fuel consumption or GHG emissions, or other reasons, could weaken the demand for our higher margin vehicles. More stringent fuel economy regulations could also impact our ability to sell these vehicles or could result in additional costs associated with these vehicles, which could be material. See Our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. We operate in a highly competitive industry that has historically had excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and results of operations. The global automotive industry is highly competitive in terms of the quality, innovation, new technologies, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer service, and financial services offered. Additionally, despite the fact that OEMs have experienced supply constraints in recent years due to the COVID-19 pandemic and certain supply chain and logistics challenges, overall manufacturing capacity in the automotive industry has historically far exceeded demand. Supply chain and 13 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES logistics challenges may occur as a result of geopolitical and/or policy actions. Our ICE and electric vehicles also require a more resilient, scalable, and sustainable North American-focused supply chain, which includes advancing our strategic sourcing initiatives to secure supply through investments in raw materials suppliers and the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements with suppliers throughout the value chain. These agreements may require us to hold higher-than-normal levels of raw materials inventory and to make long-term commitments to purchase raw materials. Expected demand for these raw materials currently exceeds the North American capacity of the existing supply chain. If we are not successful in developing our North American supply chain, our results of operations and profitability could be negatively impacted. Many manufacturers, including GM, have relatively high fixed labor costs as well as limitations on their ability to efficiently close facilities and reduce fixed costs, including as a result of collective bargaining agreements. In light of any excess capacity and high fixed costs, many industry participants have attempted to sell more vehicles by providing subsidized financing or leasing programs, offering marketing incentives, or reducing vehicle prices. As a result, we have had, and may in the future need, to offer similar incentives, which may result in vehicle prices that do not offset our costs, including any cost increases or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations or tariffs, which could affect our profitability. Our competitors may also seek to benefit from economies of scale by consolidating or entering into other strategic agreements such as alliances or joint ventures intended to enhance their competitiveness. Manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs, such as China and India, have become competitors in key emerging markets and have begun offering their products in established markets, as well as low-cost alternatives to established entry-level automobiles. These actions have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and results of operations in these markets. In addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including GM and its joint venture partners. Introduction or modification of import tariffs or tariff-related measures may lead to further challenges for GM and our global business. We refocused our AV strategy on personal vehicles and the execution of this strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, regulatory, and competitive risks. Cruise Holdings, our wholly-owned subsidiary, had been pursuing the development and commercialization of AV technology for deployment in a robotaxi application. In December 2024, we announced plans to refocus our autonomous driving strategy on personal vehicles and that we would no longer fund Cruise's robotaxi development work. In February 2025, we acquired all of the Cruise equity interests held by noncontrolling shareholders. Following this acquisition, we wound down the Cruise robotaxi operations and combined the GM and Cruise ongoing personal autonomous technical efforts in our GMNA segment. While we expect our refocused AV strategy to be less capital intensive than the Cruise robotaxi plan, we expect that our AV and ADAS development activities will continue to require significant capital investments and remain subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware; attract and retain key software talent with expertise in AI and machine learning; access sufficient capital; access high-quality data to train the AI models deployed in our AV and ADAS technologies; and respond to significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to AV technologies than we do. In addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of AVs, including consumer acceptance, reputation of our brand, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal, state, provincial, or local regulations. Advanced technologies such as AVs, present novel issues with which domestic and foreign regulators have only limited experience, and will be subject to evolving regulatory frameworks. Any current or future regulations in these areas, and our relationships with regulators, could impede the successful commercialization of these technologies and impact whether and how these technologies are designed and integrated into our products, and may ultimately subject us to increased costs and uncertainty. To the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches, or other adverse events associated with our autonomous driving systems occur, we could be subject to liability, reputational harm, government scrutiny, and further regulation, and it could deter consumer adoption of AV and ADAS technology. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. 14 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including evolving regulation of GHG emissions and changing consumer preferences and demand, and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. Attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, requirements for disclosure, and changes in consumer and investor preferences may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, risks associated with new regulatory requirements, risks to our reputation, and the potential for increased litigation and governmental investigations. Despite recent actions taken by the U.S. federal government to reduce the stringency of emissions and fuel economy regulations, we expect such regulations at the federal, state, or local level or in international jurisdictions to continue to evolve and, in the future, such regulations could require us to further limit emissions associated with customer use of products we sell, change our manufacturing processes or product portfolio, or undertake other activities that may require us to incur additional expense, including the purchase of emissions credits or the payment of penalties, which may be material. In addition, the reduction in the stringency of emissions regulations has slowed and may continue to slow consumer demand for EVs in North America. These requirements may increase the cost of, and/or diminish demand for, our ICE vehicles. See Our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. In addition, at the state and federal level in the U.S. and abroad, sustainability-related rules and regulations are facing legal scrutiny. Such regulations may cause disclosure requirements to shift and may increase the risk of litigation or regulatory action, which would result in increased costs (in our operations and supply chain), as well as risks to our reputation or consumer demand for our products if we do not meet demanding stakeholder expectations and standards. Furthermore, our practices are judged against sustainability standards that are continually evolving and not always clear. Part of our strategy to address these risks includes the continued scaling of EVs in line with consumer demand, which presents additional risks. See Our long-term EV strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of EVs and Our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of vehicles, particularly our full-size ICE SUVs and full-size ICE pickup trucks. In addition, increased intensity, frequency, or duration of storms, droughts, wildfires, or other severe weather events as a result of climate change may disrupt our production and the production, logistics, cost, and procurement of products from our suppliers, timely delivery of vehicles to customers and operations of our dealers, and could negatively impact working conditions at our plants and those of our suppliers and dealers. Such weather events may also adversely impact the financial condition of our customers, and thereby reduce demand for our products and services. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Risks related to our operations Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Because we have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, small changes in sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. A number of economic and market conditions drive changes in new vehicle sales, including disruptions in the new vehicle supply chain, the availability and prices of used vehicles, levels of unemployment and inflation, availability of affordable financing, elevated interest rates, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence and demand for vehicles, political unrest or uncertainty, the occurrence of a public health crisis, barriers to trade, and other global economic conditions. For a discussion of economic and market trends, see the "Overview" section in Part II, Item 7. MD A. If our operating environment deteriorates for these or other reasons, including a moderate to severe recession in any of the markets in which we operate, it could lead to a significant decrease in new vehicle sales, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Inflationary pressures and persistently high prices and uncertain availability of commodities, raw materials, or other inputs used by us and our suppliers, or instability in logistics and related costs, could negatively impact our profitability. Increases in prices, including as a result of inflation and rising interest rates, for commodities, raw materials, energy, or other inputs that we and our suppliers use in manufacturing products, systems, components, and parts, such as steel, precious metals, non-ferrous metals, critical minerals, or other similar raw materials, or electrical subcomponents, including transistors, diodes, and other semiconductors, or increases in logistics and related costs, have led and may continue to lead to higher production costs for parts, components, and vehicles. In addition, elevated cost, or reduced availability, of critical materials for our EV propulsion systems, including lithium, nickel, cobalt, and certain rare earth metals, may lead to higher production costs for our EVs and could impede our ability to successfully deliver on our EV strategy. Further, increasing global demand for, and uncertain supply of, such materials could disrupt our or our suppliers ability to obtain such materials in a timely manner and/or could lead to increased costs. Geopolitical risk, fluctuations in supply and demand, fluctuations in interest rates, any weakening of the U.S. dollar, and other economic, regulatory, and political factors have created and may continue to create pricing pressure 15 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES for commodities, raw materials, energy, and other inputs. These inflationary pressures could, in turn, negatively impact our profitability because we may not be able to pass all of those costs on to our customers or require our suppliers to absorb such costs. Tariffs applicable to the automotive industry continue to evolve, including in the U.S., where the government has signaled tariff policy may shift in the future. Such tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. and other governments have implemented import tariffs and tariff-related measures including on vehicles, parts, raw materials, and other inputs and have indicated further measures may be under consideration. New or existing trade agreements, including the ongoing review of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, may also impact the tariff rate applicable to goods imported by GM or our suppliers. Additionally, certain tariffs are subject to pending legal challenges. In these respects, the global tariff environment remains highly dynamic, and the specific tariffs applicable to goods imported by GM and its suppliers into the U.S. and other countries where we operate continue to evolve. We cannot predict with complete precision the breadth of tariffs and related costs that will impact GM in the future. As a result, the ultimate impact of tariffs on our business could exceed our current estimates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and our expected financial results. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of tariffs, including, but not limited to, making changes to our U.S. production plan and reducing or pausing certain imports, may not be successful, and we do not expect such actions to fully offset the impact of tariffs in the near term. We have made and may need to make additional changes to our global production footprint and workforce, which could require significant capital expenditures and could result in asset impairments and other charges, including restructuring charges, any of which could be material. Evolving tariffs globally, along with other trade barriers and trade restrictions, may lead to supply chain disruptions, potentially resulting in increased production costs and the inability to receive certain critical parts. Our business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive, regulatory, and economic risks. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers, which have experienced significant growth in customer acceptance, as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. Over the last several years, this intense competition and an increasingly challenging operating environment negatively impacted the profitability of our operations in China, our China JVs' ability to grow vehicle sales in China, and our ability to generate sustainable equity income from our China JVs. As a result of certain restructuring actions previously announced in December 2024, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment of our equity interests of $2.1 billion and additional equity losses of $2.0 billion in the year ended December 31, 2024, and we recorded charges of $0.6 billion in the year ended December 31, 2025. We expect SAIC General Motors Corp., Ltd. (SGM) will likely incur additional restructuring charges in 2026. We cannot guarantee that the restructuring actions will be successful in our China JVs achieving long-term profitability or that additional, material restructuring actions will not be required. In addition, our success in China depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to EVs, infotainment, software-enabled connected services, and other new technologies while achieving affordability. Our ability to fully deploy our technologies in China may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and China and the unique regulatory landscape in China. Increased competition, continued U.S.-China trade tensions, weakening economic conditions in China or China's level of integration with key components of our global supply chain, among other factors, may result in cost increases, price reductions, reduced sales, profitability, and margins, and challenges to gaining or holding market share. Certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control of the Chinese government, and Chinese law regulates the scope of our investments and business conducted within China. The Chinese government may adopt new regulations that may impact entities operating in China or the ability of non-Chinese entities to obtain critical materials from China, potentially with little advance notice. In order to maintain access to the Chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements, including under such regulatory actions, that are unique to the Chinese market, at times with short notice. These actions may increase the cost of doing business in China or limit how we may do business in China, which could materially and adversely affect the profitability and financial condition of our China business. We benefit from many ongoing joint ventures and other strategic business relationships, particularly with respect to manufacturing EV battery cells and facilitating access to raw materials necessary for the production of EVs, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit and over which we may have limited control. We are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business, particularly in light of industry consolidation. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or 16 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES secure suitable business relationships in the future or that our competitors will not capitalize on such opportunities before we do, or that any strategic business relationships that we enter into will be successful. If we are unable to successfully source and execute on strategic business relationships in the future, our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, prospects, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In particular, to secure critical materials for the production of EVs, we have entered, and plan to continue to enter, into offtake agreements with raw material suppliers and make investments in certain raw material suppliers. The terms of these offtake agreements may obligate us to purchase defined quantities of output over a specified period of time, subject to certain conditions. If we are unable to utilize or otherwise monetize the raw materials we are obligated to purchase under these offtake agreements, whether as a result of lower than expected EV production volumes, lower than expected rates of consumer adoption, changes in battery technology that reduce the need for certain raw materials, or other reasons, it could materially adversely affect our cash flows and increase our inventory. Further, our investments in raw materials suppliers could expose us to distinct risks not traditionally associated with the automotive sector, and if the raw materials suppliers in which we have invested are unsuccessful, our investments could lose their value. In addition, many of our operations, primarily in China and Korea as well as certain of our battery manufacturing and raw material sourcing operations in the U.S. and Canada, are carried out by joint ventures. Our primary joint venture agreement for our China JVs expires in 2027, and we are in negotiations with our partner for a new agreement. In joint ventures, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities, business incentives, or resources as we do and may compete with us outside the joint venture. Joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions that must further take into consideration our partners' interests. In joint ventures, we are required to foster our relationships with our co-owners as well as promote the overall success of the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, relationships deteriorate or strategic objectives diverge, our success in the joint venture may be materially adversely affected. Further, because most of the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, we do not receive all the benefits from our successful joint ventures. In addition, because we share ownership and management with one or more parties, we may have limited control over the actions of a joint venture, particularly when we own a minority interest. As a result, we may be unable to prevent violations of applicable laws or other misconduct by a joint venture, adverse human rights or other impacts, or the failure to satisfy contractual obligations by one or more parties. Moreover, a joint venture may not be subject to the same financial reporting, corporate governance, or compliance approaches that we follow. To the extent another party makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control issues arise within the joint venture, we may have to take responsive actions, or we may be subject to penalties, fines, or other punitive actions or suffer reputational harm for these activities. The international scale and footprint of our operations expose us to additional risks. We manufacture, sell, and service products globally and rely upon an integrated global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Our global operations subject us to extensive domestic and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, and a variety of other political, economic, and regulatory risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, including: (1) changes in government leadership; (2) changes in trade compliance, labor, employment, tax, privacy, environmental, and other laws, regulations, or government policies impacting our overall business model or practices or restricting our ability to manufacture, purchase, or sell products consistent with market demand and our business objectives; (3) political pressures to change any aspect of our business model or practices or that impair our ability to source raw materials, services, components, systems, and parts, or manufacture products on competitive terms in a manner consistent with our business objectives; (4) political uncertainty, instability, civil unrest, government controls over certain sectors, or human rights concerns; (5) political and economic tensions between governments and changes in international economic policies, including restrictions on the repatriation of dividends or in the export of technology, especially between China and the U.S.; (6) changes to customs requirements or procedures (e.g., inspections) or new or higher tariffs, for example, on products imported into or exported from the U.S., including under U.S. or other trade laws or measures, or other key markets; (7) new or evolving non-tariff barriers or domestic preference procurement requirements, or enforcement of, changes to, withdrawals from or impediments to implementing free trade agreements, or preferences of foreign nationals for domestically manufactured products; (8) changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates; (9) economic downturns or significant changes in macroeconomic conditions in the countries in which we operate; (10) differing local product preferences and product requirements, including government certification requirements related to, among other things, fuel economy, vehicle emissions, EVs and AVs, connected services, and safety; (11) impact of changes to and compliance with U.S. and foreign countries export controls, economic sanctions, import controls, foreign investment, and other similar measures; (12) impacts on our operations or liabilities resulting from U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and certain other anti-corruption laws; (13) differing labor regulations, 17 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES agreements, requirements, and union relationships; (14) differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships; (15) difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries for local operations; and (16) natural disasters, public health crises, and other catastrophic events. Any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. We assemble vehicles at various facilities around the world. Our facilities are typically designed to produce particular models for particular geographic markets. No single facility is designed to manufacture our full range of vehicles. In some cases, certain facilities produce products, systems, components, and parts that disproportionately contribute a greater degree to our profitability than others and create significant interdependencies among manufacturing facilities around the world. When these or other facilities become unavailable, either temporarily or permanently and for any number of reasons, including labor disruptions or shortages, supply chain disruptions, the occurrence of a public health crisis, or catastrophic weather events, whether or not as a result of climate change, the inability to manufacture at the affected facility has resulted, and may in the future result, in harm to our reputation, increased costs, lower revenues, and the loss of customers. We may not be able to easily shift production to other facilities or to make up for lost production. Any new facility needed to replace an inoperable manufacturing facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and applicable labor agreements, need to satisfy our specialized manufacturing requirements, and require specialized equipment. In addition, substantially all of our hourly employees are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements that must be negotiated from time-to-time, including at the local facility level. As a result, we may be subject to an increased risk of strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions and employees. Disruption in our suppliers operations have disrupted, and could in the future disrupt, our production schedule. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Other than with respect to certain of our offtake agreements with battery raw material suppliers, our use of just-in-time manufacturing processes typically allows us to maintain minimal inventory. As a result, our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials, and parts on time to meet our production schedules and specifications. In some instances, we purchase systems, components, raw materials, and parts that are ultimately derived from a single source and may be at an increased risk for supply disruptions. Any number of factors, including labor disruptions, catastrophic weather events, the occurrence of a public health crisis, contractual or other disputes, unfavorable economic or industry conditions, geopolitical conflicts, restrictions on transactions involving certain territories, entities or individuals, delivery delays or other performance problems or financial difficulties or solvency problems, could disrupt our suppliers operations and lead to uncertainty in our supply chain or cause supply disruptions for us, which could, in turn, disrupt our operations, including the production of certain higher margin vehicles. When we experience supply disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials, or parts even for a relatively short period of time could cause us to alter production schedules, increase work-in-process inventory or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues or an increase in working capital, which would adversely affect our profitability, results of operations, and financial condition. Pandemics, epidemics, disease outbreaks, and other public health crises have disrupted our business and operations, and future public health crises could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Pandemics, epidemics, or disease outbreaks in the U.S. or globally, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have previously disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our business, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and future expectations. Any such events may adversely impact our global supply chain and global manufacturing operations and cause us to suspend our operations in the affected markets. In particular, we could experience, among other things: (1) continued or additional global supply disruptions; (2) labor disruptions or shortages; (3) an inability to manufacture; (4) an inability to sell to our customers; (5) a decline in showroom traffic and customer demand; (6) customer defaults on automobile loans and leases; (7) lower than expected pricing on vehicles sold at auction; and (8) an impaired ability to access credit and the capital markets. Any new public health crisis could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations going forward. Risks related to our intellectual property, cybersecurity, information technology, and data management practices Competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, and there are no guarantees that GM s intellectual property rights would prevent competitors from independently developing or selling those products and services. There may be instances where, notwithstanding our intellectual property position, competitive products or services may impact the value of our brands and other intangible assets, and our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, although GM takes 18 Table of Contents GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of GM proprietary information, there can be no assurance that such efforts will completely deter or prevent misappropriation or improper use of our intellectual property. We sometimes face attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information, and may face increased such risk from the rapid evolution and adoption of AI. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position. In addition, we have been, and in the future may be, the target of patent enforcement actions by third parties, including aggressive and opportunistic enforcement claims by non-practicing entities. Regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. Although we have taken steps to mitigate such risks, if we are found to have infringed any third-party intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages, or we could be enjoined from offering some of our products and services. In addition, to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of our intellectual property against third parties. Any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and management s attention, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any such action. Security breaches, cyberattacks, and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles, owned or maintained by us, GM Financial, service providers, such as data processors, or third parties, such as vendors or suppliers, could materially compromise our operations and/or sensitive customer data and proprietary information. We rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked and connected products, some of which are managed by third parties, to collect, process, transmit, use, protect, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities, and products. Additionally, we and GM Financial collect, process, transmit, use, protect, and store confidential data, including intellectual property and proprietary business information (including that of our dealers and suppliers), as well as personally identifiable information of our respective customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks (including networks that are controlled or maintained by third parties). The secure operation of these systems and products, and the processing and maintenance of the information processed by these systems and products, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Further, customers using our systems rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our products and the protection of their data. We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination, or capacity constraints of any of the service providers or third parties that facilitate our business activities, including vendors, suppliers, customers, counterparties, exchanges, clearing agents, clearinghouses, or other financial intermediaries. Such parties and other third parties who provide us with services or with whom we communicate could also be the source of a cyberattack on, or breach of, our or a provider's operational systems, network, data, or infrastructure. In addition, we regularly identify and track known security vulnerabilities. We are unable to comprehensively apply patches or mitigate all such vulnerabilities before they may be exploited by a threat actor. We have also acquired and in the future may acquire companies with vulnerabilities or 