=== WDAY_2025-04-23.htm.gz ===
tm2428649-1_nonfiling - none - 18.640698s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 WORKDAY, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from our Chief Executive Officer Dear Stockholders, Twenty years ago, Workday s founders Dave Duffield and Aneel Bhusri set out to revolutionize enterprise software with cloud computing. Today, we stand at another pivotal moment, driven by the transformative power of artificial intelligence. Companies everywhere are reimagining how work gets done, and the increasing demand for AI is driving a new wave of growth for Workday. We are well-positioned to lead, building on our solid foundation of innovation and customer success. Fiscal year 2025 demonstrated our continued momentum, with 17% year-over-year subscription revenue growth. We achieved Fortune 500 status and were named to the S P 500, alongside many of our valued customers, a testament to the trust our more than 11,000 customers have placed in us. In today s dynamic landscape, organizations of all sizes across industries and geographies rely on Workday to manage their people, money, and agents all on a unified, AI-powered platform. Advancing AI Leadership Just as we did with the transition to the cloud, we re helping our customers harness AI to give their businesses an edge. We develop AI innovation that delivers real value to our customers, enabling productivity gains while keeping humans and trust at the center. Last year we unveiled Workday Illuminate TM , the next generation of AI, designed to drive employee productivity and transform business processes. Our AI is powered by the world s largest and cleanest set of HR and financial data with more than one trillion transactions on the Workday platform last year alone. This foundation is enabling us to innovate quickly and introduce AI agents that can support everything from payroll and recruiting to financial auditing, to name a few! And with our recently announced Workday Agent System of Record, we re committed to helping customers unlock the potential of agentic AI while maintaining centralized control, governance, and visibility. As the system of record for people and money, Workday is uniquely positioned to manage every part of the workforce employees, contingent workers, and agents on our trusted platform. We believe that, if implemented responsibly, AI will create a step-function change in human productivity. While Workday is accelerating innovation, we remain firm in our commitment to ethical AI development, actively contributing to responsible AI policies in the U.S. and the European Union. Driving Strategic Growth We are executing on key growth initiatives to expand our market reach. Our industry-focused strategy continues to deliver results, with Professional and Business Services joining Financial Services and Retail and Hospitality in surpassing $1 billion in annual recurring revenue. We are also seeing strong momentum in the Healthcare and State and Local Government industries. Global growth continues to be a massive opportunity for us, representing roughly half of our total addressable market. We are making investments in strategic regions. A few great examples are the strategic product investments we ve made in APAC, and the expansion of our operations in Japan and EMEA. Over the past couple of years, our partner ecosystem has grown fivefold, playing a vital role in delivering successful deployments, driving innovation, and supporting our pipeline. Our Built on Workday program, which enables partners to build and distribute applications on our platform, is a prime example of this powerful combination. Our People and Core Values Our Workmates around the world, guided by our core values, are the foundation of Workday s success. We are honored to be recognized as one of Ethisphere s World s Most Ethical Companies , JUST Capital s America s Most JUST Companies, and among Glassdoor s Best Places to Work. Our special culture and growth opportunity makes Workday a magnet for exceptional talent. In the past twelve months alone, we welcomed both Rob Enslin as President, Chief Commercial Officer, and Gerrit Kazmaier as President, Product and Technology, further strengthening our leadership team. From a Board perspective, we have appointed Mark Hawkins as our new lead independent director. His extensive leadership experience and proven track record of helping companies scale will be invaluable as we drive a new wave of growth. I want to thank George Still for his years of service as our lead independent director. His dedication and guidance have been instrumental to Workday s success and we are fortunate that George will remain on the Board. We ve entered FY26 our 20th year in business with an amazing team and Board, renewed energy, and a clear view of how we can fulfill our founders vision to revolutionize enterprise software this time with AI. Thank you for your continued investment in Workday. I invite you to join our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 4, 2025. Sincerely, Carl M. Eschenbach Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS WORKDAY, INC. 6110 STONERIDGE MALL ROAD PLEASANTON, CALIFORNIA 94588 NOTICE OF 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date Wednesday, June 4, 2025 Location Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WDAY2025 Time 9:00 AM (Pacific Daylight Time) Who Can Vote Stockholders of record as of April 7, 2025 The 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ( Annual Meeting ) of Workday, Inc., a Delaware corporation (referred to as Workday, we, us, and our ) will be held via live audio webcast on Wednesday, June 4, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. PDT to consider the Items of Business listed below and more fully described in the accompanying Proxy Statement. The Annual Meeting is being held in a virtual format to enhance stockholder engagement, enable improved communication, and allow access to all stockholders regardless of geographic location. Items of Business 1. To elect four nominees to our Board of Directors to serve as Class I directors until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending January 31, 2026; and 3. To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to Workday s named executive officers. We will also transact any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting, although we are not aware of any such business as of the date of this Proxy Statement. All stockholders of record at the close of business on April 7, 2025 which the Board of Directors has established as the record date are entitled to vote on the above items and to attend the Annual Meeting. Beginning on or about April 23, 2025, a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Internet Notice ) is being mailed to stockholders of record. It contains instructions on how to access the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting and our Annual Report to Stockholders on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 (together, the proxy materials ) online at www.proxyvote.com . The Internet Notice also includes instructions on how to vote online, as well as how to receive a paper or email copy of the proxy materials, which will include instructions on voting by telephone or mail, as applicable. You will be able to listen to the Annual Meeting, submit your questions, and vote during the live audio webcast of the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WDAY2025 and entering the 16-digit control number provided to you. Further details about voting and attending the Annual Meeting are set forth in the Question and Answer section beginning on page 82 of the Proxy Statement. If you have any questions regarding this information or the proxy materials, please visit our website at investor.workday.com or contact our Investor Relations department via email at IR@workday.com. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Whether or not you plan to join our virtual Annual Meeting, please vote as promptly as possible to ensure your representation at the meeting. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 4, 2025: THIS PROXY STATEMENT AND THE ANNUAL REPORT ARE AVAILABLE AT www.proxyvote.com We appreciate your continued support of Workday and look forward to receiving your proxy. By order of the Board of Directors, Aneel Bhusri Co-Founder and Executive Chair April 23, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 22 PROPOSAL NO. 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 24 DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 25 Corporate Governance 25 Risk Oversight by Our Board of Directors 25 Board Oversight of Security, Privacy, and Trust 26 Director Independence 26 Leadership Structure 26 Lead Independent Director 27 Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 27 Meetings of the Board of Directors 27 Committees of the Board of Directors 28 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 30 Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees 30 Non-Employee Director Compensation 32 Communications with the Board of Directors 34 Stockholder Recommendations for Nominations to the Board of Directors 34 RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES 35 Our Values 35 Protecting Our Business 35 Code of Conduct 35 Insider Trading Policy 35 Serving Our Customers 36 Supporting Our Employees 38 Impacting Our Communities 38 Transparent Approach to Public Policy Advocacy 39 Additional Information 39 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 40 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 42 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 43 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 46 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 46 Executive Summary 46 2024 Stockholder Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 48 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 49 Our Compensation-Setting Process 51 Compensation Peer Group 52 Fiscal 2025 Leadership Structure and Changes 53 Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program 54 Other Compensation Policies 62 Tax and Accounting Considerations 63 REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 64 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 65 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 66 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End. 67 Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 68 401(k) Plan 68 Pension Benefits and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 68 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure 68 Pay Versus Performance 70 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 74 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 74 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 75 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 77 EMPLOYMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENTS 78 Employment Arrangements 78 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 78 Indemnification Arrangements 81 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 82 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 86 Stockholder Proposals for 2026 Annual Meeting 86 Solicitation of Proxies 86 Fiscal 2025 Annual Report 86 OTHER MATTERS 86 APPENDIX A: Non-GAAP Measures A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to safe harbor protection under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our strategies and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, seek, plan, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Risk factors that could cause actual results to differ are set forth in the Risk Factors section of, and elsewhere in, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). All forward-looking statements are based on management s estimates, projections, and assumptions as of the date hereof. Although we believe that the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activities, performance, or achievements. We undertake no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Proxy Statement or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. TRADEMARKS Workday, the Workday logo, Peakon, Workday Illuminate, and VIBE are trademarks of Workday, Inc., which may be registered in the United States and elsewhere. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Proxy Statement are the property of their respective owners. NO INCORPORATION OF WEBSITES BY REFERENCE This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses. These are intended to provide inactive, textual references only, and the information on these websites is not a part of this Proxy Statement. FISCAL YEAR Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This Proxy Statement and the enclosed form of proxy are being furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Workday, also referred to as the Board, for use at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The below summary highlights the proposals to be acted on, as well as selected information about our corporate governance, executive compensation, and business. We encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement for more information prior to voting. 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time: June 4, 2025, 9:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time Location: The Annual Meeting will be held online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WDAY2025 via a live audio webcast. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Record Date: April 7, 2025 Meeting Access: Stockholders who held shares of our common stock as of the record date will be able to access and vote at the Annual Meeting by using the 16-digit control number included in the Internet Notice or with the proxy materials they received. Others may also access and listen to the virtual meeting via the link above but are not eligible to vote. Who Can Vote: Holders of record of our Class A and Class B common stock as of the record date are entitled to vote. Our Class A common stock, which is publicly traded, has one vote per share. Our Class B common stock, which is primarily held by certain of our executive officers, directors, and other affiliates, has 10 votes per share. We strongly encourage all stockholders to vote and to do so as promptly as possible. How to Vote: Below are the ways stockholders who held shares of our common stock as of the record date can vote ahead of and during the Annual Meeting. If you only received an Internet Notice, you can vote online. If you received a copy of the proxy materials, you can vote online, by phone, or by mail following the instructions provided. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank, or other nominee, you should receive a voting instruction form that contains voting instructions. HOW TO VOTE (requires the 16-digit control number included in your Internet Notice, proxy card, or voting instruction form) ONLINE BEFORE ANNUAL MEETING PHONE (if you received proxy materials) MAIL (if you received proxy materials) ONLINE DURING ANNUAL MEETING Go to www.proxyvote.com until 11:59 p.m. EDT on June 3, 2025 Call toll-free at 1-800-690-6903 until 11:59 p.m. EDT on June 3, 2025 Complete and mail your proxy card so it is received prior to the Annual Meeting Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ WDAY2025 Please see the Question and Answer section beginning on page 82 for additional information about the Annual Meeting, voting, and other procedures. 2025 Proxy Statement | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY PROPOSALS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS PROPOSALS BOARD RECOMMENDATION FURTHER DETAILS 1. To elect to our Board of Directors the following four nominees to serve as Class I directors until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders: Carl M. Eschenbach, Michael M. McNamara, Michael L. Speiser, and Jerry Yang FOR each director nominee Pages 8 - 21 2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending January 31, 2026 FOR Pages 22 - 23 3. To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement FOR Page 24 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE Our Board of Directors oversees areas significant to Workday s business and affairs, such as risk management and strategy, helping to ensure we operate effectively and ethically and in the best interests of our stockholders. The Board is organized into three classes, with the members of each class up for election once every three years. The Board monitors and reviews with management both the performance of Workday (in relation to its financial objectives, major goals, strategies, and competitors) and Workday s long-term strategic business plans, as well as other pertinent issues affecting our company. Our Board recommends that you vote FOR each of the below nominees to serve as Class I directors until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. NOMINEES DIRECTOR SINCE INDEPENDENT CURRENT COMMITTEES Carl M. Eschenbach, 58 Chief Executive Officer, Workday 2018 Michael M. McNamara, 68 Co-Founder Chief Executive Officer, Samara Living Inc. 2011 Audit, Nominating and Governance Michael L. Speiser, 54 Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures 2024 Investment Jerry Yang, 56 Founding Partner, AME Cloud Ventures 2013 Investment 2 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Governance Highlights We are committed to effective corporate governance that is informed by our stockholders, promotes the long-term interests of our key stakeholders, and strengthens Board and management accountability. Our governance structure fosters transparency and provides a clear framework for ethical decision-making, risk management, and regulatory compliance. Some highlights of our governance program include: Lead Independent Director Annual Board and Committee Evaluations Chief Executive Officer, Chair, and Lead Independent Director roles held by different people Ongoing Board and Executive Succession Planning Ongoing Board Refreshment Four New Directors Added in the Last Two Fiscal Years and recent rotation of Lead Independent Director role Majority Voting for Directors Highly Independent Board (10 of 12 Directors) Frequent Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 100% Independent Committees Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors and Executives Board Composition Reflects Well-Rounded Range of Backgrounds, Experiences, Skills, and Tenure Clawback Policy for Executives Highly Engaged Board Oversight of Critical Risk Areas Annual Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Continuing Director Education Proactive Stockholder Outreach and Year-Round Engagement Program 2025 Proxy Statement | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Stockholder Engagement Our Board of Directors values and takes seriously the views of our stockholders. As a part of our regular review of our governance and executive compensation policies and practices, risk oversight, and culture and human capital programs, our Board takes the perspectives of our stockholders into account as it considers appropriate changes. In addition to our Annual Meeting each year, we provide stockholders with opportunities to deliver feedback on areas such as our corporate governance, compensation programs, and responsible artificial intelligence ( AI ) practices through our year-round stockholder engagement program. Our proactive stockholder engagement program allows for an open dialogue with our stockholders, promoting transparency and accountability. Year-Round Engagement Cycle Our Investor Relations team regularly meets with investors and investment analysts. Meetings often include participation from our legal, executive compensation, environmental sustainability, and responsible AI business leaders, as well as an independent director, upon request. Our legal team regularly communicates topics discussed and stockholder feedback to senior management and the Board for consideration in their decision-making. We also engage with proxy advisory firms to discuss our programs and stockholder feedback and learn about key focus areas their clients are raising. Our quarterly earnings calls provide stockholders with an opportunity to hear about our financial results and corporate strategy. 4 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Below is a summary of our engagement with stockholders since we filed our 2024 Proxy Statement. We intend to continue the dialogue with our stockholders on the matters listed above and others, and will consider stockholder feedback along with best practices, market standards, and applicable regulations in making governance and other key board decisions. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, and we expect competition among companies in our market to continue to increase. Our ability to compete and succeed in this environment is directly correlated to our ability to recruit, incentivize, and retain the talent necessary to execute against our business objectives. Our compensation philosophy is therefore designed to establish and maintain a compensation program that attracts, motivates, and rewards talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our near-term objectives and create long-term value for our stockholders, expand our business, and assist in the achievement of our strategic goals. The key elements of our total rewards philosophy include: Alignment with stockholders Focus on innovation and performance Attract and retain talent 2025 Proxy Statement | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Our executive compensation program is comprised of base salary, cash bonuses (other than for Mr. Bhusri), equity-based awards, and health and welfare programs. Our executive compensation program has been, and continues to be, weighted more heavily towards equity compensation. During fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors reviewed and assessed our compensation philosophy, and together with the assistance of our independent compensation consultant and management, reviewed, evaluated, and approved the compensation arrangements of our executive officers. WORKDAY AT-A-GLANCE At Workday, we strive to make the world of work and business better and hope to empower customers to do the same through an innovative suite of solutions with more than 70 million users under contract around the world and across industries from emerging and medium-sized businesses to more than 60% of the Fortune 500. Central to our purpose is a set of core values with our employees as number one along with customer service , innovation , integrity , profitability , and fun . We believe that happy employees lead to happy customers, and we are committed to helping our customers adapt and thrive in this increasingly dynamic business environment. Our Business Workday is the AI platform that helps organizations manage their people, money, and agents. Workday provides more than 11,000 organizations with cloud solutions powered by AI to help solve some of today s most complex business challenges, including supporting and empowering their workforce, managing their finances and spend in an ever-changing environment, and planning for the unexpected. Fiscal 2025 Financial Highlights Our solid fiscal 2025 results are a testament to the strategic, mission-critical nature of our solutions and the strength of our business. Financial highlights for fiscal 2025 include: Total Revenues. Total revenues of $8.4 billion, an increase of 16% year over year Subscription Revenues. Subscription revenues of $7.7 billion, an increase of 17% year over year Operating Cash Flows. Operating cash flows of $2.5 billion, an increase of 15% year over year Driven by Values Workday s values have been part of our DNA since day one and help create a workplace where everyone has the opportunity to thrive. When we look ahead, our values shape the possibilities we see for reinvention, for progress, for working together to move forever forward. Workday was founded with the idea of putting people at the center of enterprise software, which is why employees are our number one core value. We believe a supportive and inclusive workplace, where everyone feels valued and engaged, is the key to great products, happy customers, and an enduring company. Our Chief People Officer is responsible for developing and executing Workday s human capital strategy, including programs focused on total rewards; workforce planning and our skills-based hiring approach; employee skills, development, engagement, and wellbeing; and our inclusive, high-performance culture. Our Chief People Officer and our Chief Executive Officer regularly update our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee on human capital matters and seek their input on subjects such as succession planning, executive compensation, and company-wide people programs. Employees Customer Service Innovation Integrity Profitability Fun 6 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Responsible Business Practices Workday is committed to operating with integrity as we grow our business and execute our strategy, including caring for people and our communities. Our strategic approach to corporate responsibility focuses on key areas that support our enduring growth and is built on four core principles: Help Others Innovate Protect the Planet Put People First Act with Integrity As stewards of information that is valuable to us and our customers, suppliers, and partners, we prioritize trust, privacy, and security. We believe in the power of AI to unlock human potential, drive business value, and enable our customers and their employees to focus on strategic and fulfilling work. We are committed to building responsible, trustworthy AI solutions that solve real business problems. Our commitment to responsible AI is a reflection of our core values of integrity and innovation, and our responsible AI framework serves as the cornerstone of our work in this space as we aspire to amplify human potential, positively impact society, champion transparency and fairness, and deliver on our commitment to data privacy and protection. Committed to Our Culture 13 Employee Belonging Councils, providing spaces open to all employees to drive connection and innovation Foster employee skills and career growth, with access to learning platforms and development opportunities and regular individual feedback Committed to Our Values Listed on JUST Capital s 2025 JUST 100 Launched AI masterclass courses to upskill our employees and incorporated responsible AI practices into our Code of Conduct training In fiscal 2025, employees logged over 50,000 volunteer hours 2025 Proxy Statement | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL NO. 1 TO ELECT CARL M. ESCHENBACH, MICHAEL M. MCNAMARA, MICHAEL L. SPEISER, AND JERRY YANG AS CLASS I DIRECTORS. Our Board of Directors currently consists of 12 members. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws (together, our formation documents ) provide for a classified Board consisting of three classes of directors, with directors serving staggered three-year terms. Directors in a particular class are nominated for additional three-year terms at the annual meeting of stockholders in the year in which their terms expire. As a result, only one class of directors is elected at each annual meeting, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Each director s term continues until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Our formation documents also provide that our Board may make changes by resolution concerning the authorized number of directors and that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors shall be distributed among the three classes as the Board determines in its discretion. The formation documents further provide that our Board or our stockholders may fill vacant directorships, except that in the event that the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, only our Board may fill vacancies. Vote Required Our Bylaws require that each director be elected by a majority voting standard in uncontested director elections. Our Bylaws provide that if an incumbent director fails, in an uncontested election, to receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast, then the director shall tender his or her resignation to the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. That committee will then make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, nominate a replacement, or recommend any other related action be taken. Accordingly, for the 2025 Annual Meeting, the election of each nominee requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast by the holders of shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting. Neither abstentions nor broker non-votes will be counted as votes cast for or against a nominee. Upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board has designated the four nominees listed below for election at the Annual Meeting, each of whom currently serves as a director of Workday. Together with the other members of the Board, these nominees bring a wide variety of relevant skills, professional experience, and backgrounds, as well as a broad range of viewpoints and perspectives to represent the long-term interests of stockholders and to fulfill the leadership and oversight responsibilities of the Board. The following table sets forth certain information about each of our directors, including our nominees. 8 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nominees for Director Class Age Year Appointed Director Current Term Expires Expiration of Term for Which Nominated Carl M. Eschenbach I 58 2018 2025 2028 Michael M. McNamara (1)(2)(3) I 68 2011 2025 2028 Michael L. Speiser (1)(4) I 54 2024 2025 2028 Jerry Yang (1)(4) I 56 2013 2025 2028 Continuing Directors Aneel Bhusri III 59 2005 2027 Thomas F. Bogan (1)(4) III 73 2022 2027 Elizabeth Centoni (1)(5) III 60 2024 2027 Lynne M. Doughtie (1)(2)(5) III 62 2021 2027 Wayne A.I. Frederick, M.D. (1)(3) II 53 2022 2026 Mark J. Hawkins (1)(2)(3) II 66 2023 2026 Rhonda J. Morris (1)(5) II 59 2025 2026 George J. Still, Jr. (1)(4)(5) II 67 2009 2026 (1) Independent member of the Board (4) Member of the Investment Committee (2) Member of the Audit Committee (5) Member of the Compensation Committee (3) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee Lead Independent Director Summary of Director Experience and Qualifications The matrix below summarizes key qualifications, skills, and attributes relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on the Board of Directors. A mark indicates a specific area of focus or expertise on which the Board particularly relies. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each director s skills or contributions to the Board and not having a mark does not mean the director does not possess that qualification or skill. The biographies of our continuing directors and director nominees describe each director s background and relevant experience in more detail. Key Skill or Experience Bhusri Bogan Centoni Doughtie Eschenbach Frederick Hawkins McNamara Morris Speiser Still Yang Software or technology Cybersecurity, information security, or privacy Artificial intelligence, machine learning, or emerging technologies Global business operations Business development or strategy in the software industry Sales, marketing, or brand building HCM, including talent recruitment and retention Finance or accounting Executive leadership Other public company board service Demographics Male Female White African American or Black Asian 2025 Proxy Statement | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nominees for Director CARL M. ESCHENBACH Age : 58 Director since 2018 Workday Committees None Current Position Chief Executive Officer , Workday Education DeVry University Electronics technician diploma Other Public Company Boards Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (since 2013) Aurora Innovation, Inc. (2019 to March 2023) UiPath, Inc. (December 2020 to March 2023) Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (2016 to January 2023) Snowflake Inc. (2019 to April 2023) Professional Highlights Carl M. Eschenbach has been our Chief Executive Officer since February 2024, after serving as our Co-Chief Executive Officer since December 2022. Mr. Eschenbach was a general partner at Sequoia Capital Operations, LLC, a venture capital firm, from 2016 to December 2022, where he currently serves as a venture partner. Prior to that, Mr. Eschenbach spent 14 years at VMware, Inc., a leading innovator in enterprise software, where he held a number of leadership roles in operations, most recently as its President and Chief Operating Officer from 2012 to 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Eschenbach held various sales management positions with Inktomi Corporation, 3Com Corporation, Lucent Technologies, Inc., and EMC Corporation. Qualifications Mr. Eschenbach brings to our Board over 30 years of operational and sales experience in the technology industry, coupled with deep knowledge of high-growth companies. With his decades of experience leading and scaling successful technology companies, Mr. Eschenbach provides invaluable insights to our Board. In his role as Chief Executive Officer, he is at the forefront of driving Workday s growth and AI innovation, allowing him to share with the Board real-time perspectives on areas most pertinent to our business. This direct, operational experience significantly enhances the Board s effectiveness in its risk oversight function, helping to ensure Workday is well-positioned to navigate the complexities of the technology landscape and capitalize on emerging opportunities. 10 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MICHAEL M. MCNAMARA Independent Director Age : 68 Director since 2011 Workday Committees Audit Nominating and Governance (Chair) Current Position Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer , Samara Living Inc. Education University of Cincinnati Bachelor s degree, industrial management Santa Clara University Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards Carrier Global Corporation (since April 2020) Slack Technologies, Inc. (2019 to July 2021) Flex (2005 to 2018) Professional Highlights Michael M. McNamara is Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Samara Living Inc., a company specializing in factory built housing and additional dwelling units, a position he has held since May 2022. Prior to the formation of Samara Living Inc., Mr. McNamara served as Head of the Samara division of Airbnb, Inc. from January 2020 to May 2022. Mr. McNamara served as a venture partner at Eclipse Ventures, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm, from 2019 to March 2022. From 2006 to 2018, Mr. McNamara was Chief Executive Officer of Flex Ltd. ( Flex ), a company that delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets. He also held other senior roles at Flex after joining the company in 1994. Mr. McNamara served as a member of the Visiting Committee of the Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) from 2019 to December 2022, on the board of advisors of MIT from 2014 to 2019, and on the board of advisors of Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management from 2006 to 2019, and is an advisor to or director of several other private companies and one investment fund. Qualifications Mr. McNamara brings to our Board extensive leadership and experience in managing international operations. His prior service as Flex s Chief Executive Officer provides a management perspective to the business and strategic decisions of the Board, while his current role as Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Samara demonstrates his drive for innovation and industry disruption. His perspective helps the Board remain forward-thinking and adaptable in an evolving business landscape. Further, Mr. McNamara s considerable tenure gives him unique insight into our Board and company history, contributing significantly to his effective leadership of the Nominating and Governance Committee. This leadership is evidenced by governance improvements throughout his tenure and recent successful board refreshment initiatives. 2025 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MICHAEL L. SPEISER Independent Director Age : 54 Director since 2024 Workday Committees Investment Current Position Managing Director , Sutter Hill Ventures Education University of Arizona Bachelor s degree, political science Harvard Business School Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards Snowflake, Inc. (since 2012) Pure Storage, Inc. (2009 to 2019) Sumo Logic (2012 to 2019) Professional Highlights Mr. Speiser has been a managing director at Sutter Hill Ventures, a venture capital firm, since 2008, and serves on the boards of several private companies and unannounced projects. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Speiser served as the part-time Chief Executive Officer of Snowflake, Inc., and he s served as a director since the company s inception in 2012. He currently serves as a director of several privately help companies. He also served as founding Chief Executive Officer at Augment, Observe, Pure Storage, Inc., and others, and held executive leadership positions at Bix, Inc., Veritas Software, and Yahoo!. Qualifications Mr. Speiser brings to our Board more than three decades experience as a technology leader and venture capitalist, including a proven track record of building some of the fastest growing companies in the world, developing industry-leading products, and incubating some of the most pivotal AI technologies in the industry. This extensive venture capital expertise makes him an exceptionally strong contributor to our Investment Committee, where his insights are invaluable in evaluating and guiding our strategic investments. In today s rapidly evolving landscape, his ability to identify and assess emerging technologies is critical for Workday s growth and competitive positioning. His deep understanding of AI contributes to effective implementation and robust oversight of emerging technologies, helping the Board effectively fulfill its risk oversight responsibility and drive Workday s growth and innovation. 12 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS JERRY YANG Independent Director Age : 56 Director since 2013 Workday Committees Investment Current Position Founding Partner , AME Cloud Ventures Education Stanford University Bachelor s degree, electrical engineering Stanford University Master s degree, electrical engineering Other Public Company Boards Alibaba Group Holding Limited (since 2014, and from 2005 to 2012) Lenovo, Inc. (2014 to November 2023) Yahoo! (1995 to 2012) Professional Highlights Jerry Yang is the founding partner of AME Cloud Ventures, an innovation investment firm that he started in 2012. Mr. Yang was a co-founder of Yahoo! Inc., where he served as a director from 1995 to 2012, and as Chief Executive Officer from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Yang also led Yahoo s investments in Yahoo! Japan Corporation and Alibaba Group Holding Limited. He is the Chair of the Stanford University Board of Trustees, and is a director and/or advisor of several other companies and foundations. Qualifications Mr. Yang brings to our Board extensive global leadership skills and deep experience in consumer internet technology, giving him invaluable insight into navigating the complexities of international markets and expansion. With a keen eye for innovation and deep expertise in growing and leading technology companies, Mr. Yang offers strategic guidance on our growth and innovation. His experience as a trusted advisor to technology companies around the world further enhances his ability to provide the Board with critical perspectives on emerging trends and opportunities. 2025 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Continuing Directors ANEEL BHUSRI Chair of the Board Age : 59 Director since 2005 Workday Committees None Current Position Co-Founder and Executive Chair , Workday Education Brown University Bachelor s degrees, electrical engineering and economics Stanford University Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards General Motors Company (October 2021 to April 2024) Intel Corporation (2014 to 2019) Pure Storage, Inc. (2010 to 2018) Professional Highlights Aneel Bhusri co-founded Workday in 2005 and has served as a Director since then, including as Chair from 2012 to 2014 and from April 2021 to the present. He is our Executive Chair and was our Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2020 through January 2024 after serving as Chief Executive Officer from 2014 to August 2020. Mr. Bhusri also served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2014 and as President from 2007 to 2009. From 1993 to 2004, Mr. Bhusri held a number of senior management positions with PeopleSoft, Inc., including Vice Chairman of its board of directors from 1999 to 2002. Mr. Bhusri is currently an advisory partner at Greylock Partners, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm that he has been associated with since 1999, and prior to that time worked at Norwest Venture Partners and Morgan Stanley. He currently serves as a director of the Workday Foundation, the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, and the Eat. Learn. Play. Foundation. Mr. Bhusri has also served as a member of the Board of Trustees of Stanford University since 2019. Qualifications Mr. Bhusri brings to our Board deep technology and AI expertise and extensive executive leadership and operational experience, including his unparalleled experience and familiarity with our business as a co-founder and Executive Chair. As one of our founders, he provides a critical and deeply informed perspective on the company s history, offering invaluable context for strategic decision-making. As a proven product and technology visionary, Mr. Bhusri continues to shape Workday s future in his role as Executive Chair, contributing to both continuity and forward-thinking innovation. This unique blend of historical knowledge and future-focused vision makes him an asset to our Board. 14 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS THOMAS F. BOGAN Independent Director Age : 73 Director since 2022 Workday Committees Investment Education Stonehill College Bachelor s degree, accounting Other Public Company Boards CS Disco, Inc. (since March 2025) Aspen Technology, Inc. (May 2022 to March 2025) Apptio, Inc. (2007 to 2019, Chair from 2012 to 2019) Citrix Systems, Inc. (2003 to 2016) Professional Highlights Tom Bogan joined Workday in 2018 through our acquisition of Adaptive Insights and served as Vice Chair, Corporate Development, from February 2021 to January 2022. From February 2020 to February 2021, Mr. Bogan served as Vice Chair with responsibility for our Workday Strategic Sourcing business, and from 2018 to February 2020, he was Executive Vice President of our Planning Business Unit. At Adaptive Insights, Mr. Bogan was Chief Executive Officer and a director from 2015 until its acquisition by Workday. Mr. Bogan currently serves as a director of various privately held companies, several non-profits, and a company headquartered internationally. Qualifications Mr. Bogan brings to our Board extensive executive leadership experience and deep expertise in software technology companies, including valuable experience as Workday s Vice Chair, Corporate Development, giving him unique insights into and familiarity with our business. Mr. Bogan has a keen understanding of the evolving software landscape demonstrated by his prior role as Chief Executive Officer of Adaptive Insights, and his continued engagement within the software industry through his advisory work allows him insights into emerging trends and innovations. His industry knowledge combined with his executive leadership experience provides the Board with a valuable perspective into both current market dynamics and future opportunities, ultimately contributing to our strategic decision-making. 2025 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ELIZABETH CENTONI Independent Director Age : 60 Director since 2024 Workday Committees Compensation Current Position Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Experience Officer , Cisco, Inc. Education University of Mumbai Bachelor s degree, chemistry University of San Francisco Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards Supervisory Board of Mercedes-Benz AG (since April 2021) Ingersoll Rand Inc. (2018 to March 2023) Professional Highlights Elizabeth Centoni has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Experience Officer at Cisco, Inc., a technology company designing and manufacturing networking hardware, software, and related services, since March 2024. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer, and General Manager of Applications at Cisco from March 2020 to March 2024, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Computing Systems at Cisco from 2018 to March 2020. Prior to that, Ms. Centoni held senior engineering leadership roles of increasing responsibility at Cisco since 2000. Qualifications Ms. Centoni brings to our Board executive leadership experience in the technology industry and a passion for leveraging technology to drive customer success and deliver unparalleled experiences. Throughout her career, Ms. Centoni has spearheaded initiatives that have significantly enhanced customer satisfaction and loyalty. As a recent addition to our Board, she brings a fresh perspective along with valuable insights into leveraging AI and technology to meet evolving customer needs, directly supporting Workday s core value of customer service. Her expertise in customer-centric strategies and her firsthand knowledge of our platform make her a valuable contributor to our ongoing efforts to exceed customer expectations. 16 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS LYNNE M. DOUGHTIE Independent Director Age : 62 Director since 2021 Workday Committees Audit Compensation Education Virginia Tech Bachelor s degree, accounting Other Public Company Boards The Boeing Company (since January 2021) McKesson Corporation (since February 2025) Professional Highlights Lynne M. Doughtie was U.S. Chair and Chief Executive Officer of KPMG LLP, a global leader in audit, tax, transaction, and advisory services, from 2015 until her retirement in June 2020. Prior to that, she served in many leadership roles after joining KPMG in 1985, including as Vice Chair of the firm s U.S. Advisory business from 2011 to 2015. Ms. Doughtie serves on the board of directors of several nonprofit organizations and on the board of advisors of various private companies and educational institutions. Qualifications Ms. Doughtie brings to our Board extensive experience in risk management and information security from her years at KPMG, including as Chief Executive Officer. Her experience in advising organizations on complex global business matters and strategies across industries is critical in today s dynamic business environment, where risk management and information security are two of the most crucial functions to support Workday s growth. Ms. Doughtie s strong leadership experience, gained from leading and advising global corporations, coupled with her deep financial expertise and robust risk oversight experience, makes her an invaluable contributor to our Audit and Compensation Committees, helping to ensure that our Board is well-equipped to address the challenges and opportunities ahead. 2025 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS WAYNE A.I. FREDERICK, M.D. Independent Director Age : 53 Director since 2022 Workday Committees Nominating and Governance Current Position President Emeritus , Howard University Education Howard University Bachelor s degree, zoology Doctor of medicine (M.D.) Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards Humana, Inc. (since February 2020 ) Insulet Corporation (since October 2020) Mutual of America Life Insurance Company (since 2015) Forma Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (July 2020 to October 2022) Professional Highlights Wayne A.I. Frederick, M.D. is the interim Chief Executive Officer of the American Cancer Society. He is also President Emeritus of Howard University, having previously served as the President from 2014 through August 2023, and is the distinguished Charles R. Drew Professor of Surgery at the Howard University College of Medicine. He is also a practicing cancer surgeon at Howard University Hospital. Prior to serving as President, Dr. Frederick served as Howard University s interim president (elected 2013) after serving as provost and chief academic officer for more than a year. Following his post-doctoral research and surgical oncology fellowships at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Dr. Frederick began his academic career as associate director of the Cancer Center at the University of Connecticut. Upon his return to Howard University, his academic positions included Associate Dean in the College of Medicine, Division Chief in the Department of Surgery, Director of the Cancer Center, and Deputy Provost for Health Sciences. Dr. Frederick is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and belongs to numerous surgical organizations, including the American Surgical Association. Dr. Frederick is also a director of other privately held companies and charitable organizations. Qualifications Dr. Frederick brings to our Board deep experience in business administration, extensive leadership skills, and insight into the healthcare and education industries. As Workday aims to deepen our presence in these critical industry verticals as a part of our growth strategy, Dr. Frederick s firsthand understanding of the specific challenges and opportunities within healthcare and education enables him to provide strategic guidance on how Workday can best serve these sectors. This industry-specific knowledge, combined with his broad leadership experience, provides a unique perspective to our Board, helping to ensure we are well-positioned to navigate the evolving dynamics within these key markets and beyond. 18 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MARK J. HAWKINS Lead Independent Director Age : 66 Director since 2023 Workday Committees Audit (Chair) Nominating and Governance Education Michigan State University Bachelor s degree University of Colorado Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards Toast, Inc. (since April 2020) Cloudflare, Inc. (since June 2022) SecureWorks Inc. (2016 to February 2025) Professional Highlights Mark J. Hawkins served as President and CFO Emeritus of Salesforce, Inc., a software company, from February 2021 to November 2021, President and Chief Financial Officer from 2017 to February 2021, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2014 to 2017. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Autodesk, Inc., a design software and services company, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance IT at Logitech International S.A., a global hardware company, and held various positions at Dell and Hewlett-Packard. Mr. Hawkins currently serves as a director or advisory board member of various privately held companies. Qualifications Mr. Hawkins brings to our Board extensive experience as an executive officer and director of publicly traded software and technology companies, as well as financial expertise in the technology industry. As an active and deeply involved board member, his contributions are highly valued. The Board will particularly benefit from his strong leadership and strategic guidance as he assumes the pivotal role of Lead Independent Director. His proven track record in the technology sector, combined with his financial acumen, helps our Board remain well-equipped to navigate the complexities of the industry, drive sustained value creation, and effectively fulfill its independent oversight function. 2025 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS R honda J. M orris Independent Director Age : 59 Director since 2025 Workday Committees Compensation Education University of California, Davis Bachelor s degree, English Boston University Master s degree, business administration Professional Highlights Rhonda Morris served as Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for Chevron Corporation, a multinational energy company, from 2016 until December 2024. In this role, she shaped Chevron s people and culture strategy, encompassing leadership succession, learning and talent, employee engagement and culture, workforce planning, and total rewards, and spearheaded a complex human resources digital transformation to unify multiple enterprise resource planning systems with Workday. Ms. Morris began her career with Chevron in 1991, holding roles of increasing responsibility in human resources, global marketing, and international products. She serves on several non-profit boards and is a fellow in the National Academy of Human Resources. Qualifications Ms. Morris brings to our Board more than 30 years of global business acumen, human resources functional and operational expertise, and executive leadership, along with keen insights on the Workday customer experience. As a new director, she offers a fresh perspective to our Board, particularly through her deep understanding of the Workday platform. In her role as a Chief Human Resources Officer, Ms. Morris saw the value of Workday s unified cloud platform and experienced the transformative impacts of switching legacy HR systems to Workday, giving her a unique ability to represent the voice of the customer on our Board. With her extensive human resources leadership experience, Ms. Morris offers sound guidance on talent strategy, organizational development, and compensation practices, making her a strong contributor to our Compensation Committee. Ms. Morris s first-hand experience leading a human resources transformation with Workday, scaling an international workforce, and developing human resources strategies for global organizations aligns with Workday s core value of employees and make her an asset to our Board. 20 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS GEORGE J. STILL, JR. Independent Director Age : 67 Director since 2009 Workday Committees Compensation (Chair) Investment Current Position Partner Emeritus , Norwest Venture Partners Education Pennsylvania State University Bachelor s degree, accounting Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College Master s degree, business administration Other Public Company Boards Stillwater Growth Corp I, LLC (February 2021 to December 2022) Professional Highlights Mr. Still is a partner emeritus at Norwest Venture Partners, a global venture capital firm that he joined in 1989, and was a co-managing partner from 1994 to 2014. Prior to that, he was with Ernst Young LLP, a public accounting firm, and a partner at Centennial Funds, a venture capital firm. Mr. Still led the sole venture investment in PeopleSoft, Inc., where he served as a director from 1991 to 2001. Mr. Still manages Still Capital Partners, LLC, which he founded in 2014. Mr. Still served on the Board of Advisors at the Tuck School of Business and the Center of Private Equity and Venture Capital at Tuck from 2011 to 2019. He currently serves as a director of two private companies. Qualifications Mr. Still brings to our Board financial and investing acumen, cultivated through his many years with Norwest Venture Partners. As our longest-serving independent director, he has been a steadfast steward of Workday s growth, offering deep knowledge of our business and its evolution. His long tenure provides the Board with a unique historical perspective and a wealth of institutional expertise. Beyond his understanding of Workday, his experience as a trusted advisor to numerous technology companies serves as a valuable resource, offering critical insights into industry trends and emerging opportunities. This combination of deep company knowledge and broad industry perspective allows our Board to benefit from both continuity and forward-thinking guidance. 2025 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL NO. 2 TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF ERNST YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR OUR FISCAL YEAR ENDING JANUARY 31, 2026. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has appointed the firm of Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our consolidated financial statements for the year ending January 31, 2026. During our fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, Ernst Young LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firm and has audited our consolidated financial statements since its appointment in 2008. Notwithstanding its selection and even if our stockholders ratify the selection, our Audit Committee, in its discretion, may appoint another independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit Committee believes that such a change would be in the best interests of Workday and its stockholders. At the Annual Meeting, the stockholders are being asked to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. Our Audit Committee is submitting the selection of Ernst Young LLP to our stockholders because we value our stockholders views on our independent registered public accounting firm and as a matter of good corporate governance. Representatives of Ernst Young LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting and they will have an opportunity to make statements and will be available to respond to appropriate questions from stockholders. Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The following table presents fees billed or to be billed by Ernst Young LLP and affiliates for professional services rendered with respect to the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and 2024. All of these services were approved by the Audit Committee. Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 9,862,243 $ 7,166,474 Audit Related Fees (2) 1,348,726 1,537,910 Tax Fees (3) 1,010,163 305,104 All Other Fees Total $ 12,221,132 $ 9,009,488 (1) Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our quarterly consolidated financial statements, and audits of our statutory financial statements in non-U.S. jurisdictions. (2) Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and not reported under Audit Fees. This primarily consists of fees for service organization control audits under Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements No. 18 and fees for information security assessments. (3) Consists of fees in connection with tax compliance and tax consulting services. Auditor Independence Under its charter, the Audit Committee pre-approves audit and non-audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP. The Audit Committee has determined that the rendering of non-audit services for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services by Ernst Young LLP is compatible with maintaining the principal accountants independence. 22 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Consistent with requirements of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding auditor independence, our Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, and oversight of the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, our Audit Committee (or its Chair if such approval is required prior to the next Audit Committee meeting) generally pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Vote Required The ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast by the holders of shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting. Neither abstentions nor broker non-votes will be counted as votes cast for or against this proposal. 2025 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NO. 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL NO. 3 TO APPROVE, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, THE COMPENSATION PAID TO WORKDAY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. We are seeking an advisory, non-binding stockholder vote with respect to the compensation awarded to our named executive officers (or NEOs ), referred to as a Say-on-Pay vote, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, in accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our executive compensation program and the compensation paid to our NEOs are described on pages 46-64 of this Proxy Statement. Our compensation programs are overseen by the Compensation Committee and reflect our philosophy to pay all of our employees, including our NEOs, in ways that support the following principles that we believe reflect our core values: motivate, attract, and retain the best talent; support a high-performance culture by rewarding excellence and achievement; recognize and retain top-performing talent via differentiated rewards and opportunities; reinforce alignment with Workday s values (in particular, a focus on excellence and an attitude of ownership); create alignment with Workday s strategy and long-term performance; and provide an opportunity for each employee to share in the success we create together. To help achieve these objectives, we structure our NEOs compensation to reward the achievement of short-term and long-term strategic and operational goals. Based on the above, we request that stockholders approve on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Workday s NEOs as described in this Proxy Statement pursuant to the following resolution: RESOLVED , that the compensation paid to Workday s named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section, compensation tables, and narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED. Vote Required Approval of our named executive officers compensation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast by the holders of shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting. Neither abstentions nor broker non-votes will be counted as votes cast for or against this proposal. As an advisory vote, this proposal is non-binding. Although the vote is non-binding, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee value the opinions of our stockholders and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our NEOs. Stockholders should be aware that this advisory vote occurs after significant NEO compensation decisions have been made in the current fiscal year. In addition, because the compensation elements integrate into an overall compensation package, it may not be possible or appropriate to change the compensation package to reflect the results of one year s advisory vote on NEO compensation before the next annual meeting of stockholders. Unless the Board modifies its policy on the frequency of holding advisory votes on NEO compensation, the next such advisory vote will occur at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 24 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Our Corporate Governance Guidelines establish the governance framework within which the Board of Directors conducts its business and fulfills its responsibilities. These guidelines are available on our website at www.workday.com/governanceguidelines . The Board regularly reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines in light of legal and regulatory requirements, evolving best practices, and other developments, and approves updates as appropriate. Our Board has taken a thoughtful approach to board composition and refreshment to ensure that our directors have backgrounds that individually and collectively add significant value to the strategic decisions made by the company and that enable the Board to provide oversight of management as our company grows to help ensure accountability and transparency to our key stakeholders, including our stockholders. In addition to a strong, engaged, and highly independent Board with deep expertise in areas most critical to Workday s business and strategic objectives, we are committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes long-term stockholder value creation through a sound leadership structure and by providing our stockholders with both the opportunity to provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to help ensure accountability. Risk Oversight by Our Board of Directors Board of Directors Reviews strategic and operational risks, including Workday s development and implementation of AI and our responsible AI framework and practices Receives reports on all significant committee activities at each regular meeting Evaluates the risks inherent in significant transactions Assists in determining the appropriate level of risk for our company and assesses the specific risks that we face Reviews management s strategies for adequately mitigating and managing identified risks Regularly meets in executive sessions to provide oversight of risks independent of management Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Oversees the overall enterprise risk management framework of the company Oversees the accounting and financial reporting processes of the company Oversees risks relating to financial accounting, reporting and controls, and ethical, legal, and regulatory matters, including cybersecurity and other information technology risks Assesses risks created by the incentives inherent in our compensation policies Oversees human capital management, including workforce planning and employee development and engagement See Compensation Policies and Practices as they relate to Risk Management in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section elsewhere in this Proxy Statement for additional information Assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to the management of risks associated with board organization, membership and structure, and matters related to corporate governance, public policy, and sustainability initiatives Management Responsible for day-to-day management of risk Reports to Board on a regular basis on areas of strategic and operational risks 2025 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Risk is inherent in every business, and so risk assessment and oversight are critical parts of Workday s governance and management processes. While our management team is responsible for the day-to-day management of risk, our Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for risk oversight. Our Board exercises its risk oversight function both directly and indirectly through its committees and believes that open communication between the Workday management team and our Board is essential for effective risk management and oversight. Our Board receives regular reports from members of senior management on areas of material risk to Workday, including strategic, operational, financial, cybersecurity- or privacy-related, sustainability-related, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. While our full Board reviews material business and strategic risks, the Audit Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee, Compensation Committee, and Investment Committee support our Board in discharging its risk oversight duties and address risks inherent in their respective areas. We believe this division of responsibilities is an effective approach for addressing the risks we face, and that our Board leadership structure supports this approach. Board Oversight of Security, Privacy, and Trust Our Board of Directors devotes significant time to our privacy practices as well as cybersecurity and information security risks and cyber incident preparedness and response. Our Chief Information Security Officer and other internal and external privacy and security subject matter experts regularly update the Audit Committee and the Board on our privacy and security practices, as well as existing and emerging cyber threats, incident response, our security framework and governance processes, security features of the products we provide our customers, the results of third-party assessments, and the status of projects to strengthen our cybersecurity systems. Similarly, our full Board directly oversees corporate and product strategy and receives regular updates on our development and use of emerging technologies, including generative and agentic AI, as a part of our robust responsible AI oversight and governance program. Director Independence Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The listing rules of this stock exchange generally require that a majority of the members of a listed company s board of directors be independent. Our Board of Directors has determined that none of our current directors who are not current employees (Messrs. Bogan, Frederick, Hawkins, McNamara, Speiser, Still, and Yang, and Mses. Centoni, Doughtie, and Morris) has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the rules of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The disinterested members of our Board have determined that the arms-length commercial transactions we enter into with companies that employ certain members of our Board do not interfere with the independence of such directors. Leadership Structure Our corporate governance framework provides the Board of Directors flexibility to determine the appropriate leadership structure that promotes Board effectiveness and is in the best interests of Workday and our stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines do not require the separation of the offices of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board may appoint a Chair of the Board and one or more Vice Chair of the Board, at least one of whom will be an independent director. If the role of Chair is filled by a director who does not qualify as an independent director, the independent members of the Board will designate a Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director may also be a Vice Chair of the Board. In accordance with an established succession plan anticipated at the time of Mr. Eschenbach s appointment as Co-Chief Executive Officer in December 2022, Mr. Eschenbach assumed sole Chief Executive Officer responsibilities and Mr. Bhusri transitioned to a full-time role as Executive Chair effective February 1, 2024, the start of our fiscal 2025. Mr. Bhusri and Mr. Eschenbach also serve as members of our Board, with Mr. Bhusri serving as Chair of the Board since April 2021. Because our Chair is a current executive officer of Workday, Mr. Hawkins serves as a Vice Chair and Lead Independent Director of the Board. Independent directors and management sometimes have different perspectives and roles in strategy development. Our independent directors bring experience, oversight, and expertise from outside of Workday, while Messrs. Bhusri and Eschenbach bring Workday-specific experience and expertise. Our Board believes that the current leadership structure, coupled with a strong emphasis on independence, provides effective independent oversight of management while allowing the Board and management to benefit from the extensive executive leadership and operational experience of Messrs. Bhusri and Eschenbach. As Co-Founder and Executive Chair, Mr. Bhusri possesses in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities, and challenges facing Workday and its 26 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE business, allowing Mr. Bhusri to serve as a strategic advisor to the Chief Executive Officer and other members of executive management while driving Workday s innovation agenda, particularly in the pivotal domain of AI and product vision and strategy. Mr. Eschenbach, as Chief Executive Officer, is positioned to identify key strategic priorities and coordinate with the Board in executing our business strategy, and possesses extensive industry knowledge and highly relevant operating and executive leadership experience that is fundamental to our next phase of growth and our commitment to the continued creation of sustainable stockholder value. Lead Independent Director As of April 22, 2025, Mr. Hawkins serves as Vice Chair and as Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directors. As Lead Independent Director, among other responsibilities, Mr. Hawkins will: preside over regularly scheduled meetings at which only our independent directors are present; serve as a liaison between the Chief Executive Officer, Chair, and the independent directors; be available, under appropriate circumstances, for direct communication with stockholders; and perform such additional duties as our Board may otherwise determine and delegate from time to time. Executive Sessions of Independent Directors In order to promote open discussion among independent directors, our Board of Directors has a policy of conducting executive sessions of independent directors during each regularly scheduled Board meeting and at such other times if requested by an independent director. These executive sessions are usually chaired by our Lead Independent Director and feedback is provided to Workday s Chief Executive Officer or other members of management, as needed, promptly after such executive sessions. Meetings of the Board of Directors It is our policy that directors are invited and encouraged to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All members of the Board during fiscal 2025 attended our annual meeting held on June 18, 2024. We have scheduled our 2025 Annual Meeting on the same day as a regularly scheduled Board meeting in order to facilitate attendance by our Board members. 2025 Proxy Statement | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Governance Committee, and an Investment Committee. The current composition and functions of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board. The following table provides membership information for each of our Board committees: Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating Governance Committee Investment Committee Aneel Bhusri Thomas F. Bogan Elizabeth Centoni Lynne M. Doughtie Carl M. Eschenbach Wayne A.I. Frederick, M.D. Mark J. Hawkins Michael M. McNamara Rhonda J. Morris Michael L. Speiser George J. Still, Jr. Jerry Yang = Chair of the Board = Chair = Lead Independent Director = Member Audit Committee Our Audit Committee is composed of Ms. Doughtie, and Messrs. Hawkins and McNamara, each of whom is independent and financially literate within the meaning of the Nasdaq Global Select Market rules. Mr. Hawkins is the Chair of the committee. Each of Ms. Doughtie, and Messrs. Hawkins and McNamara also satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Ms. Doughtie, and Mr. Hawkins are each an Audit Committee financial expert, as that term is defined under SEC rules, and possess financial sophistication as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The designation does not impose on any of them any duties, obligations, or liabilities that are greater than are generally imposed on members of our Audit Committee and our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee met nine times during fiscal 2025. The committee is directly responsible for, among other things: selecting a firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; ensuring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and that firm, our interim and year-end operating results; establishing procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters or alleged violations of our Code of Conduct or applicable laws; overseeing our internal audit function and reviewing and discussing with management internal audit activities; considering the adequacy of our internal controls and our internal audit function; reviewing the development and implementation of disclosure controls and procedures with respect to sustainability disclosures; overseeing our overall enterprise risk management framework and reviewing our major financial risk exposures, significant climate-related financial risks, cybersecurity, privacy, and other information technology risks, and processes to manage risk; 28 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE overseeing our global ethics and compliance function; reviewing proposed waivers of the Code of Conduct for directors and executive officers; reviewing material related party transactions or those that require disclosure; and approving or, as permitted, pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that was adopted by our Board and satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Audit Committee charter is available on our website at www.workday.com/audit-committee-charter . Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee is composed of Mses. Centoni, Doughtie, and Morris, and Mr. Still, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq Global Select Market rules. Mr. Still is the Chair of our Compensation Committee. Each member of the committee is also a non-employee director under Rule 16b-3(b)(3)(i) of the Exchange Act and is free from any relationship that, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a Compensation Committee member. The Compensation Committee met five times during fiscal 2025 and took action by unanimous written consent 14 times. The committee is responsible for, among other things: reviewing and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the compensation of our executive officers; reviewing and recommending to our Board the compensation of our directors; reviewing and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the terms of any employment arrangements with our executive officers; reviewing and approving the selection of peer companies used for compensation analysis; reviewing and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, any amendment of our recoupment policies and practices and stock ownership guidelines applicable to our Board and/or executive officers; administering our stock and equity incentive plans; reviewing and approving, or making recommendations to our Board with respect to, incentive compensation and equity plans; working with management and independent directors to facilitate ongoing succession planning for executive officer positions; reviewing our strategies and policies related to human capital management, including Workday s total rewards programs; workforce planning and our skills-based hiring approach; employee skills, development, engagement, and well-being; and our inclusive, high-performance culture; reviewing our major compensation and human capital-related risk exposures; and reviewing our overall compensation philosophy. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that was adopted by our Board and satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Compensation Committee charter is available on our website at www.workday.com/compensation-committee-charter . Nominating and Governance Committee Our Nominating and Governance Committee is composed of Messrs. Frederick, Hawkins, and McNamara, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq Global Select Market rules. Mr. McNamara is the Chair of our Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee met five times during fiscal 2025. The committee is responsible for, among other things: identifying and recommending candidates for membership on our Board of Directors; reviewing and recommending our Corporate Governance Guidelines and policies; 2025 Proxy Statement | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE overseeing and periodically reviewing our (i) policies and programs concerning sustainability, corporate responsibility, and governance, (ii) public policy matters, including political activities and expenditures, and (iii) participation and visibility as a global corporate citizen; overseeing significant environmental-related risks, including climate-related risks, and the steps management has taken to monitor or mitigate such risks; conducting an annual review of the independence of the non-employee directors and members of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Compensation Committee; reviewing and recommending the composition of our Board and its committees in light of the current needs of the Board, including determining whether it may be appropriate to add or remove directors after considering issues of judgment, age, skills, background, and experience; overseeing the process of evaluating the performance of our Board; reviewing any feedback received from stockholder engagement efforts and reviewing any proposals properly submitted by stockholders for action at annual meetings of stockholders and making recommendations to our Board regarding action to be taken in response to such proposals; and assisting our Board on other corporate governance matters. The Nominating and Governance Committee operates under a written charter that was adopted by our Board and satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Nominating and Governance Committee charter is available on our website at www.workday.com/nominating-governance-committee-charter . Investment Committee Our Investment Committee is composed of Messrs. Bogan, Speiser, Still, and Yang. Mr. Yang is the Chair of our Investment Committee. Our Investment Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving, or recommending that the Board of Directors approve, certain mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, and investments, and working with management to develop effective and scalable processes for the review and execution of such transactions. The Investment Committee met three times during fiscal 2025. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation Committee is, or at any time during the past year has been, an officer or employee of ours during the time on which they served on the Compensation Committee. None of our executive officers currently serve, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying, evaluating, and recommending candidates to the Board of Directors for Board membership, or the Board may conduct the process of identifying and evaluating Board candidates directly. A variety of methods are used to identify and evaluate director nominees, with the goal of maintaining and further developing an experienced and highly qualified Board. Candidates may come to our attention through current members of our Board, professional search firms, stockholders, or other persons. The Nominating and Governance Committee will recommend to the Board for selection all nominees to be proposed by the Board for election by the stockholders, including approval or recommendation of a slate of director nominees to be proposed by the Board for election at each annual meeting of stockholders, and, if requested by the Board, will recommend all director nominees to be appointed by the Board to fill interim director vacancies. The Board will be responsible for nominating members for election to the Board and for filling vacancies on the Board that may occur between annual meetings of stockholders. The Board may, either directly or upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, consider the minimum qualifications set forth below and such other factors as it may deem, from time to time, are in the best interests of Workday and our stockholders. 30 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Qualifications The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board of Directors believe that candidates for director should have certain minimum qualifications, including, without limitation: demonstrated business acumen and leadership, and high levels of accomplishment; experience with high-growth companies and global public companies; ability to exercise sound business judgment and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience; commitment to understand Workday and its business, industry, and strategic objectives; integrity and adherence to high personal ethics and values, consistent with our Code of Conduct; ability to read and understand financial statements and other financial information pertaining to Workday; commitment to enhancing stockholder value; willingness to act in the interest of all stockholders; and for directors who are not current or former employees, independence under Nasdaq Global Select Market listing standards and other applicable rules and regulations. In the context of the Board s existing composition, other requirements that are expected to contribute to the Board s overall effectiveness and meet the needs of the Board and its committees may be considered. The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees each individual director s performance, the Board s performance, and the operation and composition of each committee. Also, a director is expected to spend the time and effort necessary to properly discharge such director s responsibilities. Accordingly, a director is expected to regularly attend meetings of the Board and committees on which such director sits, and to review prior to meetings material distributed in advance for such meetings. Thus, the number of other public company boards and other boards (or comparable governing bodies) on which a prospective nominee is a member, as well as his or her other professional responsibilities, will be considered. To help ensure that our directors devote sufficient time to carry out their duties and responsibilities effectively, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that each director may not serve on more than three other public company boards without prior approval of the Nominating and Governance Committee and that each director should engage in discussion with our Nominating and Governance Committee prior to accepting an invitation to serve on a public or for-profit private company board of directors. When considering nominees, our Nominating and Governance Committee may take into consideration many factors including, among other things, a candidate s independence, integrity, financial and other business expertise, breadth of experience, relevant skills and whether their skills are complementary to those of our existing board, and experience in and knowledge about our business or industry. Workday does not have a formal diversity policy with regards to directors, however Workday values inclusion on a company-wide basis and endeavors to assemble a board with varied perspectives and backgrounds. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to any particular criteria and reviews the candidate s qualifications in light of the specific needs of the Board at that time. Director Tenure and Board Refreshment We believe that a mix of long- and shorter-tenured directors contributes to the effectiveness of our Board of Directors. Long-tenured directors possess institutional knowledge and valuable historical insights into Workday s operations, while new directors bring fresh perspectives. To achieve the appropriate balance of tenure, skills, experience, and contributions, the Board carefully considers its composition on an ongoing basis. In furtherance of this objective, and to strengthen representation of certain key skills and experiences, including AI expertise and operational experience, the Board elected Mses. Centoni and Morris and Messrs. Hawkins and Speiser within the last two fiscal years. Under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, there are no limits on the number of three-year terms that may be served by a director. However, in connection with evaluating recommendations for nomination for re-election, director tenure is considered. 2025 Proxy Statement | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Onboarding and Continuing Education Our director onboarding program is designed to familiarize new directors with our company, industry, culture, and policies in an effort to optimize their service on the Board of Directors. New directors receive orientation materials that provide them with important information about Workday, our Board, and the general roles and responsibilities of directors of publicly traded companies. Each new director also is invited to meet with our executives and other key members of senior management to gain a deeper understanding of Workday s business and operations. We recognize the benefit of continuing education for our directors especially in the areas presenting the most critical risks to Workday. Our executives, other key members of senior management, and outside experts, as appropriate, routinely speak at Board and committee meetings on topics impacting Workday, including emerging risks, industry trends, technological developments, and competitive challenges. We have provided director education on evolving areas such as cybersecurity and AI, allowing our directors to build upon their existing skills and expertise while gaining a better understanding of new challenges and opportunities facing our business. We also encourage our directors to attend external educational programs and provide financial and administrative support for that purpose. Annual Board Evaluations Our Board of Directors is committed to continuous improvement, and the annual Board and committee self-evaluations play critical roles in assessing the overall effectiveness of our Board and committees. The evaluations allow each director to assess the processes, structure, composition, and effectiveness of the Board and of each committee on which he or she sits, as well as their own contributions. The annual evaluation process is set forth below. Non-Employee Director Compensation Under our current compensation practices, our non-employee directors receive equity compensation for their service as directors, which we believe reinforces alignment with our stockholders and is consistent with our overall compensation philosophy. Our Board of Directors has historically approved annual refresh grants for our non-employee directors in respect of their Board and committee service at levels recommended by our Compensation Committee. Our compensation practices for non-employee directors are reviewed annually by our Compensation Committee. In addition, our executive compensation consultant, Semler Brossy Consulting Group ( Semler Brossy ), analyzes the competitive position of our director compensation program against the peer group used to review our executive compensation and examines how our director compensation levels, practices, and design features compare to members of our compensation peer group. Our Compensation Committee reviews this peer group to assess our director compensation against companies that have a similar size and growth trajectory as Workday and have similar business characteristics, such as companies focused on cloud applications or enterprise software. You can find additional information on our compensation peer group in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section included elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. During fiscal 2025, in accordance with the practices described above, our Compensation Committee reviewed our non-employee director compensation program and recommended that the Board maintain the annual refresh grant of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to our non-employee directors and to the Chair, Vice Chair/ Lead Independent Director, and Committee members at the same levels disclosed in our 2024 Proxy Statement, which are set forth in the table below. The number of RSUs awarded to each director is determined by dividing the value of RSUs approved by the Board for each director by the trailing 20-day simple moving average stock price of Workday s Class A common stock, calculated using the 20 trading days prior to the date of grant. These equity awards vest in one annual installment on May 5 th of the year following the year of grant, assuming continuous service through the vest date. 32 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Grant Type Annual RSU Award Non-Employee Director $ 320,000 Non-Employee Chair of the Board 50,000 Vice Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director 50,000 Chair of the Audit Committee 75,000 Member of the Audit Committee 37,500 Chair of each of the Board s other Committees 50,000 Member of each of the Board s other Committees 25,000 Additionally, upon joining our Board, a non-employee director will generally be granted an initial equity award in connection with his or her appointment to the Board. Our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan provides that a continuing non-employee director may receive awards representing no more than $750,000 total value in any calendar year, and a newly appointed non-employee director may receive awards up to $1,750,000 in total value in the calendar year in which the individual first becomes a non-employee director, provided that any initial award granted in connection with the commencement of his or her initial service as a non-employee director shall not exceed $1,000,000 in value. Consistent with the above, in fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee granted awards to the non-employee directors as set forth in the following table. We also reimburse directors for travel expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board meetings and other Workday events and for expenses incurred for continuing education related to their service as directors. Other than as set forth in the table below, in fiscal 2025, we did not pay any cash compensation or other fees to, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any person who served as a non-employee director for all or a portion of fiscal 2025 in respect of their service as members of our Board. Name Grant Date Number of Shares Subject to RSU Award (1) Value of RSU Award on the Date of Grant (2) Total Compensation George J. Still, Jr. (fiscal 2025 Vice Chair) 6/18/2024 2,118 $ 439,887 $ 439,887 Mark J. Hawkins (Vice Chair) 6/18/2024 1,780 369,688 369,688 Thomas F. Bogan 6/18/2024 1,555 322,958 322,958 Elizabeth Centoni 12/05/2024 (3) 2,862 751,847 751,847 Christa Davies 6/18/2024 (4) 1,611 334,589 334,589 Lynne M. Doughtie 6/18/2024 1,724 358,058 358,058 Wayne A.I. Frederick, M.D. 6/18/2024 1,555 322,958 322,958 Michael M. McNamara 6/18/2024 1,837 381,527 381,527 Michael L. Speiser 6/18/2024 1,555 322,958 7/05/2024 (5) 3,466 794,165 1,117,123 Jerry Yang 6/18/2024 1,780 369,688 369,688 (1) RSU awards shown in the table above will vest in full on May 5, 2025, other than as indicated in the following footnotes. The following table provides information regarding outstanding equity awards held by non-employee directors as of January 31, 2025: RSU Awards Name Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (i) George J. Still, Jr. 2,118 $ 555,043 Mark J. Hawkins 2,256 591,207 1,780 466,467 Thomas F. Bogan 1,028 269,398 1,555 407,503 Elizabeth Centoni 2,862 750,016 Lynne M. Doughtie 184 48,219 1,724 451,791 Wayne A.I. Frederick, M.D. 1,968 515,734 1,555 407,503 Michael M. McNamara 1,837 481,404 Michael L. Speiser 1,555 407,503 3,466 908,300 Jerry Yang 1,780 466,467 (i) The market value of unvested RSUs is calculated by multiplying the number of unvested shares held by the applicable director by the closing price of our Class A common stock on January 31, 2025, the last trading day of our fiscal year, which was $262.06. 2025 Proxy Statement | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (2) The amounts included in the Value of RSU Award on the Date of Grant column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSU awards calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. The grant date fair value of each RSU award is measured based on the closing price of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that may ultimately be realized by the directors. (3) Ms. Centoni was granted RSUs on December 5, 2024, with a target value of $750,000 in connection with her appointment to our Board, one-fourth of which will vest on December 5, 2025, and the balance of which will vest in equal installments over the following 12 quarters, assuming continuous service through the applicable vesting dates. (4) Ms. Davies resigned from the Board on July 2, 2024, and therefore, the 1,611 RSUs she was granted in fiscal 2025 will not vest pursuant to the terms of the grant. (5) Mr. Speiser was granted RSUs on July 5, 2024, with a target value of $750,000 in connection with his appointment to our Board, one-fourth of which will vest on July 5, 2025, and the balance of which will vest in equal installments over the following 12 quarters, assuming continuous service through the applicable vesting dates. Communications with the Board of Directors Stockholders and other interested parties wishing to communicate about bona fide issues or questions with the Board of Directors or with an individual member of the Board may do so by writing to the Board or to the particular member of the Board, care of the Corporate Secretary at generalcounsel@workday.com or by mail to the Corporate Secretary, Workday, Inc., 6110 Stoneridge Mall Road, Pleasanton, California 94588. The communication should indicate that it contains a stockholder or interested party communication. All such communications will be forwarded to the director or directors to whom the communications are addressed. Workday will generally not forward to the Board a communication that it determines to be primarily commercial in nature or related to an improper or irrelevant topic, or that requests general information about Workday. Stockholder Recommendations for Nominations to the Board of Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider properly submitted stockholder recommendations for candidates for our Board of Directors who meet the minimum qualifications as described above. A stockholder of record can nominate a candidate for election to the Board by complying with the procedures in Article I, Section 1.12 of our Bylaws. Any nomination should be sent in writing to the Corporate Secretary, Workday, Inc., 6110 Stoneridge Mall Road, Pleasanton, California 94588. Submissions must include the full name of the proposed nominee, complete biographical information, a description of the proposed nominee s qualifications as a director, other information specified in our Bylaws and Rule 14a-19, and a written consent of the proposed nominee to be named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. These candidates are evaluated at meetings of the Nominating and Governance Committee and may be considered at any point during the year. All proposals of stockholders that are intended to be presented by such stockholder at an annual meeting of stockholders must be in writing and notice must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary at the principal executive offices of Workday not later than the dates described below under Additional Information Stockholder Proposals for 2026 Annual Meeting. 34 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES Our Values Employees Customer Service Innovation Integrity Profitability Fun Our core values give all of us at Workday a framework for leadership, daily decisions, and employee satisfaction, and help us enjoy our time at work. Staying true to our values has helped to preserve our culture, even as we continue to expand our operations around the globe, and has guided our decisions to help protect and take care of our people, our customers, and our communities. Protecting Our Business We believe that maintaining responsible business practices and the highest levels of ethical conduct at every level of our business contributes to our long-term success while allowing us to effectively serve our customers, support our employees, innovate, grow our business, and make positive impacts in the communities in which we operate. At Workday, integrity is paramount, and we actively seek opportunities to contribute to a more sustainable future through responsible AI innovation, sound business practices, and stakeholder engagement. As discussed further below, we recognize the transformative potential of AI and we are committed to responsible AI innovation, striving for ethical development and deployment of AI-powered technology that aligns with our core values. Our dedication to privacy and security underscores our commitment to safeguarding the valuable information entrusted with us by our customers. By prioritizing ethical conduct, sound governance, and effective management- and board-level oversight of responsible AI, privacy, and security, we foster trust with our stakeholders, mitigate risks, and can build a resilient and sustainable business. Our dedication to responsible business practices is not only a reflection of our values but also a critical driver of our enduring success, positive impact, and our ability to move business forever forward. Code of Conduct We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers, employees, and contractors. The Code of Conduct helps simplify our commitment to integrity by providing a framework for doing the right thing. To foster a strong culture of compliance and ethics, we conduct annual compliance and ethics training of our Code of Conduct for all employees. In fiscal 2025, we had a 100% completion rate for our annual Code of Conduct training. Our Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.workday.com/codeofconduct . Insider Trading Policy Aligned with our commitment to maintaining the highest ethical standards, we have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and other transactions of Workday securities by our directors, officers, employees, and contractors, as well as Workday itself. Workday believes that its Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable listing standards. The policy prohibits trading in Workday s or another company s securities while in possession of material nonpublic information about the company that issued the security. The policy also prohibits disclosing material nonpublic information about Workday or another company, to others who may trade on the basis of that information, and provides information about our quarterly restricted trading periods. The Insider Trading Policy also prohibits Workday from transacting in its own securities unless in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including any applicable listing standards, as well as our Code of Conduct. A copy of the Workday Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. 2025 Proxy Statement | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES Serving Our Customers We are committed to building responsible, trustworthy AI solutions and acting ethically and transparently in the design and delivery of our solutions to help enable our customers to unlock human potential, drive business value, and enable their employees to focus on strategic and fulfilling work. At Workday, we prioritize customer trust in our products and technologies, including our practices in security, privacy, and compliance, as well as our enterprise approach to identifying and mitigating risks to fundamental human rights and safety. We employ rigorous measures at the organizational, architectural, and operational levels that are designed to protect customer data, applications, and infrastructure and to help ensure compliance with laws and regulations. Responsible AI At Workday, we understand that AI is an exciting and transformative technology, which also presents risks for unintended consequences. We are all in on developing AI solutions that solve real business problems and give our customers a competitive advantage, and we understand what it takes to build and maintain trust in these technologies. Responsible AI ( RAI ) is our approach that guides the design and development of our AI systems in a manner that adheres to transparent and accountable standards for trustworthy and ethical technologies. RAI is not only the right thing to do, but a smart business decision that will safeguard us from risks and support our growth as we aspire to be on the cutting-edge of AI innovation. Our RAI framework charts our course to innovate with integrity. The framework is designed to put our customers in control of whether and how we use their data and we aim to operate with transparency, an embodiment of customer service as one of our core values. We recognize that customers won t adopt our AI solutions unless they trust us, and we are motivated to earn and maintain their trust. Since 2019, we have publicly committed to ethical, responsible, and trustworthy AI development. Our commitment to RAI is a reflection of our core values, allowing us to innovate with integrity while operating with speed to serve our customers. In our effort to develop responsible and trustworthy AI, we aspire to develop products that: Amplify Human Potential Positively Impact Society Champion Transparency and Fairness Deliver on our Commitment to Data Privacy and Protection We ve developed RAI practices that are designed to guide our adherence to these principles and maintain our commitment to ethical AI, covering (i) Safety Security, (ii) a Human-Centered approach to AI, and (iii) Explainability Transparency of AI. To further operationalize our RAI principles, we have built a robust RAI program that includes processes for AI risk evaluation and mitigation for new AI technologies we develop. Our risk-tiered RAI protocols guide the development of AI products, and our dedicated RAI team enables Workmates in the field to act on and address these protocols as they build. Our RAI oversight and governance structure, as shown below, helps ensure clear responsibilities and effective oversight. 36 | workday.com TABLE OF CONTENTS RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES RAI Oversight and Governance Board of Directors Oversight of Workday s development and implementation of AI and RAI framework and practices Receives regular updates from our Chief Responsible AI Officer RAI Advisory Board Chaired by our Chief Legal Officer and Head of Corporate Affairs Includes our Chief Technology Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Integrity and Compliance Officer, and other key cross-functional executives Meets regularly to advise on novel issues, helping to address edge cases and escalations as needed Guides our RAI Team to help ensure scalability and business alignment Dedicated RAI Team Led by our Chief Responsible AI Officer Operates separately from the frontline teams that develop our AI technologies, allowing for effective independent oversight Reports to our Chief Legal Officer and Head of Corporate Affairs Informed by subject matter experts from our product and engineering teams, as well as our legal and compliance department RAI Champions Network Includes experts from across the company who are embedded within key product and technology teams and are passionate about the development of responsible and ethical AI Assists the RAI team in developing a complete understanding of the technical, legal, and compliance details needed for governance, and serve as RAI ambassadors within their respective teams Demonstrates our cross-company commitment to uphold our ethical AI principles As organizations navigate the changing world of work, we aim to enhance their experiences across finance and HR using AI to help elevate human capabilities. Our RAI principles and oversight structure serve as the cornerstone of our work in this space and guide us in the development of AI technologies that help drive positive societal outcomes and expand growth opportunities for our customers and their employees. In alignment with our RAI principles, we advocate for workable AI regulation that builds trust and drives innovation. From the EU AI Act to U.S. federal and state legislation, we are a leading voice in support of practical safeguards that benefit our customers and help Workday innovate responsibly. We expect our RAI practices will continue to evolve in line with new regulation. Security, Privacy, and Trust When it comes to innovation, we build with trust top of mind. Our customers expect us to create and deliver products with integrity, and because of that, privacy, ethics, and security have been embedded into Workday s design since day one. Our security practices aren t bolted on as an afterthought, they are a core part of our operations as we aim to stay ahead of evolving threats. Our structure promotes alignment with rigorous security protocols that are designed to protect data, applications, and infrastructure. We are focused on delivering security and data privacy across all aspects of the Workday platform. This includes complying and helping our customers comply with various international privacy regulations and staying true to our privacy-by-design principles. By providing a consistent security model, employing industry-leading safeguards, and continuously monitoring our service, we aim to prioritize the safeguarding of our customers data. In addition to our commitment to privacy in the products we deliver, we believe privacy is a fundamental right. We are a leader in the enterprise cloud sector and work constructively with policymakers to advance a modern legal framework that protects individuals and enhances understanding and trust in technology around the world. 2025 Proxy Statement | 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES Supporting Our Employees When Workday was founded in 2005, co-founders Aneel Bhusri and David Duffield wanted to make one thing clear: culture comes first. With a strong belief that happy employees lead to happy customers, maintaining a strong culture of inclusivity and fun was integral to the foundation of Workday. This culture-first philosophy has helped shape Workday into the global leader that it is today, and our people continue to be a top priority. At Workday, employees are our number one core value, which we demonstrate through a comprehensive approach that encompasses competitive compensation, robust benefits, and a culture where everyone can thrive. We believe that talent is everywhere, but opportunity is not. W