=== WDAY_2026-03-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report. 5 Table of Contents Human Capital Workday was founded with the idea of putting people at the center of enterprise software, which is why employees are our number one core value. As of January 31, 2026, our global workforce consisted of over 21,000 employees in 36 countries, of which approximately 58% were located in the U.S. and 42% were located internationally. Maintaining strong employee relations is a priority and we consider our relations with our employees to be positive. Our Chief People Officer is responsible for developing and executing Workday s human capital strategy, including programs focused on total rewards; workforce planning and our skills-based hiring approach; employee skills, development, engagement, and wellbeing; and our inclusive, high-performance culture. Our Chief People Officer and our CEO regularly update our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee on human capital matters and seek their input on subjects such as succession planning, executive compensation, and our company-wide people programs. Total Rewards Our compensation philosophy is designed to establish and maintain a fair and flexible compensation program that attracts and rewards talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our near-term objectives, create long-term value for our stockholders, grow our business, and assist in the achievement of our strategic goals. We believe that providing employees with competitive pay that rewards and reflects outstanding performance, ownership in the company, and a wide range of benefits is fundamental to employees feeling valued, motivated, and recognized for their contributions. Equity ownership is a key element of our compensation program, allowing employees to share in Workday s successes and aligning the interests of our employees with our stockholders. Additionally, our total rewards package includes a cash bonus program, an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off, family leave, and other wellness programs. We also offer specialized benefits such as a holistic global mental and emotional health program, onsite and virtual healthcare resources, a financial wellness program, and support for fertility options and new parents, as well as reimbursement of adoption costs. Our Commitment to Pay Parity We believe that all employees deserve to be paid fairly and equitably and be afforded an equal chance to succeed. We have a market-based pay structure that compares our roles to those of our peers in each region. This process helps ensure we pay according to the market value of the jobs we offer. We also have processes in place to make pay decisions based on internally consistent and fair criteria. Each year, we conduct a company-wide pay equity analysis to help ensure pay equity among employees in similar roles. If we identify differences in pay, we research those differences and, where appropriate, make adjustments to employees pay. VIBE: Value Inclusion and Belonging for Everyone We strive to be a workplace where all employees are valued for their unique perspectives and where we collectively contribute to Workday s success and innovation. VIBE Value Inclusion and Belonging for Everyone is our approach to building an environment where all employees can thrive. Whether through creating resources that strengthen our culture, building inclusive products and technology, or developing great talent, we are building a vibrant workplace that fuels collaboration. Our 13 Employee Belonging Councils ( EBCs ) play an integral role in fostering our culture. These community-led groups are open to all employees and focus on building connections, fostering ideation, and driving innovation. As of January 31, 2026, over a quarter of our employees were members of one or more EBCs. We acknowledge that skills, education, and lived and learned experiences are gained in a variety of ways that are often not recognized in the traditional recruiting process, which is why we take a holistic approach to talent acquisition that prioritizes a skills-based approach. By standardizing practices to attract and evaluate talent fairly, minimize barriers and biases, and promote a skills-first hiring approach, we aim to deliver a meaningful and positive experience for all. Learning and Development Our employees tell us they are most engaged when they are continuously being exposed to new things, empowered to build new skills, and able to make an impact. Our employees have instant access to training via several industry-leading learning platforms, which provide our global workforce with convenient, timely access to content from subject matter experts. We offer a number of educational resources, development opportunities, and a support community to guide employees throughout their Workday careers. For example, we developed Career Hub which helps our employees share skills and interests and receive relevant connections, curated learning content, and recommended jobs to help them on their career journeys. Using Workday AI, Career Hub provides workers with suggestions to grow their skills and capabilities and encourages them to build a plan as they explore opportunities for continued career development. 6 Table of Contents Additionally, to foster a strong culture of compliance and ethics, we conduct annual compliance and ethics training of our Code of Conduct for all employees. In fiscal 2026, we had a 100% completion rate for our annual Code of Conduct training. Communication and Engagement Our culture and how we treat people are paramount at Workday, and we believe that being transparent and facilitating information sharing are key to our success. Workday leverages multiple communication channels to engage and inform employees, including company meetings, functional town halls, internal websites, and social collaboration tools. We also encourage regular 1:1 sessions and quarterly check-ins between managers and employees to provide individual performance feedback, and the use of our peer recognition platform. We believe that understanding what our employees want and supporting them effectively is critical to retaining our highest performing employees and attracting top talent. We use Workday Peakon Employee Voice, powered by Workday AI, to collect and analyze feedback in real time from our employees, garner insights and recommendations, and turn that feedback into dialog and action. Since we introduced Workday Peakon Employee Voice in fiscal 2022, employees have provided over 760,000 confidential comments on the platform through surveys sent to all employees each week, which reflects strong engagement. We receive data points from these surveys that help us identify actions to take to improve our company and our culture. Buoyed by the opportunities offered by our own technology, our talent philosophy puts employees at the center of their own career and performance journey by providing them the tools and framework to further their careers. We have done this by establishing a clear philosophy and set of expectations. Every employee receives enablement on our performance and growth philosophy, what s expected of them, and how to leverage these practices to ensure their own personal success and career growth at Workday. Our talent and performance dashboard provides a snapshot view of performance-related tasks, with a visual summary of goals, feedback, and growth opportunities. Employees can take action to update their contributions, capabilities, career, and connections using the quick links provided in the dashboard. Health, Safety, and Wellbeing At Workday, we take a holistic approach to our employees health and wellbeing and have created programs that focus on four core dimensions: Physical; Mental and Emotional; Financial; and Social and Flex. These programs go beyond traditional medical benefits and wellness offerings and allow employees to focus on their personal wellness goals as well as their mental health, and enable them to bring their best selves to work. Our hybrid work model provides flexibility for our employees to work from home, while still bringing people together to foster collaboration and innovation. We offer new remote-based employees a stipend to enable them to have a comfortable work-from-home environment. To help keep health and mental wellness top of mind, we offer a series of programs and communications focused on mental health. These include tools and resources related to sleep, healthy eating, and mindfulness, as well as our Employee Assistance Program to, among other things, facilitate timely access to culturally responsive mental health support for employees and their family members. Our Global Workplace Safety team supports the traditional corporate areas of employee health and safety and physical security for Workday on a global scale. From the workplace to work-related travel, we strive to keep our employees safe with programs including safety awareness training, emergency response protocols, and our ergonomics and life safety team programs. Giving and Doing Workday s Giving Doing program embodies our belief in making a positive impact beyond our organizational walls, empowering employees to engage in charitable efforts, community service, and volunteerism. On top of our strategic, company-led social impact and employee volunteerism efforts, we also believe that giving back is even more rewarding when people get to make an impact through their favorite causes. We encourage and support employee giving and volunteering through programs such as our charitable donation matching gift program, our volunteer grant program, our paid time off benefit for employees to volunteer and give back to their communities, and our team volunteer experience, where employee teams of five or more can volunteer with a charity partner of their choice and receive grants of up to $5,000. 7 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, contractors, consultants, suppliers, partners, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control access to software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Although we rely on intellectual property rights, as well as contractual protections and controls, to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel; creation of new products, features, and functionality; and frequent enhancements to our applications are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. Governmental Regulation As a public company with global operations, we are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations. These laws and regulations, which may differ among jurisdictions, include, among others, those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, privacy and data protection, cybersecurity, intellectual property, AI ethics and machine learning, corporate governance, tax, government contracting, trade, antitrust, employment, immigration and travel, import/export, and anti-corruption. The costs to comply with these governmental regulations are not material to the understanding of our business. For a further discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this report. Available Information Our website is located at www.workday.com and our investor relations website is located at www.investor.workday.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at www.workday.com/sec-filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Workday also uses its websites, including its investor relations website and blogs.workday.com as a means of disclosing information about Workday, including information that could be deemed material by investors. Information contained on or accessible through any website referenced herein is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K, and the inclusion of such website addresses is as inactive textual references only. Workday, the Workday logo, Flowise, Paradox, Sana, Pipedream, Adaptive Planning, Peakon, VNDLY, HiredScore, Conversational ATS, VIBE, and Evisort are trademarks of Workday, Inc., which may be registered in the U.S. and elsewhere. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors and events that could materially and adversely affect our business or the market price of our securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not any of the risks, events, or uncertainties described below have occurred in the past. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that materially and adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The market price of our securities could decline due to the materialization of these or any other risks, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors The following summary provides an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. This risk factor summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read these together with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth following this section, as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Additional risks beyond those summarized below, or discussed elsewhere in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future, or to the markets in which we currently operate or may in the future operate. Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including those associated with the following: any compromise of our information technology systems or security measures (including of our critical suppliers and service partners), or the unauthorized access of customer or user data; any slowdown or failure of our technical operations infrastructure, including data centers operated by third parties, or the impact of service outages or delays in the deployment of our applications, or the failure of our applications to perform properly; our ability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate, including against non-specialist AI-native solutions; privacy concerns and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations; any loss of key employees or the inability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees; our reliance on our network of partners to drive additional growth of our revenues; our ability to realize a return on our current development efforts or offer new features, such as those involving AI, enhancements, and modifications to our products and services, and our ability to realize a return on the investments we have made toward entering new markets and new lines of business; exposure to risks inherent to international expansion and sales to customers outside the U.S. or with international operations; our ability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company, employee, or technology acquisitions; government contracts and related procurement regulations; any dissatisfaction of our users with the deployment, training, and support services provided by us and our partners; delays in the reflection of downturns or upturns in new sales in our operating results associated with long sales cycles and our subscription model; our ability to predict the rate of customer subscription renewals or adoptions; the technical, legal, and regulatory environment in connection with our use of new and evolving technologies in our offerings, such as AI; any adverse litigation results; our ability to successfully integrate our applications with third-party technologies; any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any lawsuits against us for alleged infringement of third-party proprietary rights; the impact of continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility; the fluctuation of our quarterly results; 9 Table of Contents our existing and future debt obligations; and the limited ability of third parties to influence corporate matters due to our dual class structure and to seek a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest due to Delaware law and provisions in our organizational documents. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Any slowdown or failure in our technical operations infrastructure or applications may subject us to liabilities and adversely affect our reputation and operating results. We have experienced significant growth in the number of users, transactions, and data that our operations infrastructure supports. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements or fail to adapt and scale, we may see an increase in service outages or delays, or significant increases in operating costs, which may adversely affect our business and operating results. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, defects, system disruptions, outages, and other performance problems, including the failure of our applications to perform properly. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure and software or code changes, vendor issues, software and system defects, human error, viruses, worms, security attacks (internal and external), fraud, spikes in customer usage, and denial of service issues. For example, in July 2025, we identified and subsequently remediated an issue impacting reporting from high-volume data sources in the tenants of certain customers that may have yielded incomplete queries without displaying an error message. In addition, we may also encounter difficulties integrating acquired technologies, which may result in the failure of our applications to perform properly. All of these issues may result in increased operational costs, delays in new feature rollouts, customer loss, reputational damage, and legal or regulatory liability, including liability under customer contracts. Such issues have, and may in the future, result in certain parties having unauthorized access to data, which could increase the scope of our liability. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and process in our systems, and the sensitive nature of such data, it is possible that these issues could result in significant disruption, data loss or corruption, or cause the data to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers and other users regard as significant. Furthermore, our applications are essential to many of the business processes for our customers. For example, our financial management application is essential to our and our customers financial planning, reporting, and compliance programs. Any interruption in our service may affect the availability, accuracy, or timeliness of such programs and as a result could damage our reputation, cause our customers to terminate their use of our applications, require us to issue refunds for prepaid and unused subscription services, require us to compensate our customers for certain losses, and prevent us from gaining additional business from current or future customers. In addition, because we use Workday s financial management application, any problems that we experience with financial reporting and compliance could be negatively perceived by prospective or current customers and negatively impact demand for our applications. Our insurance policies, including our errors and omissions insurance, may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, to protect against claims and other legal actions arising from breaches of our contracts, disruptions in our service, including those caused by cybersecurity incidents, failures or disruptions to our infrastructure, catastrophic events and disasters, or otherwise. In addition, our policy may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly. We depend on data centers and other infrastructure operated by third parties, as well as internet availability, and any disruption in these operations could adversely affect our business and operating results. We host our applications and serve our customers and users globally from data centers operated by third parties and rely upon third-party vendors to operate certain aspects of our services. We control our applications and data, but we do not control the facilities, operations, and physical security of these locations. Disruption of or interference at these locations has and could in the future impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. For example, we have experienced disruptions at certain of our co-location data centers in the U.S. due to high temperatures and power outages that resulted in a brief temporary outage of our services for a subset of our customers. These facilities may also be subject to cybersecurity breaches, capacity constraints, financial difficulties, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, natural catastrophic events, as well as local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements, and litigation to stop, limit, or delay operations, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. Furthermore, our customers and other users access our applications through their internet service providers. If a service provider fails to provide sufficient capacity to support our applications or otherwise experiences service outages, such failure could interrupt our customers and other users access to our applications, which could adversely affect their perception of our applications reliability and our revenues. In addition, certain countries have implemented or may implement legislative and technological actions that either do or can effectively regulate access to the internet, including the ability of internet service providers to limit access to specific websites or content. 10 Table of Contents Any changes in service levels with our infrastructure providers, or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our applications or the infrastructure on which they run, including internet infrastructure, could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our customers or other users data or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services might adversely affect our reputation and operating results, cause us to issue refunds or service credits to customers, subject us to potential liabilities, result in contract terminations, or adversely affect our renewal rates. The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. The markets for enterprise cloud applications, including AI-powered solutions, are highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry for some applications or services. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, significantly longer operating histories, access to larger customer bases, larger marketing budgets, and significantly greater resources to devote to the research, development, promotion, and sale of their products and services than we do. This may allow our competitors to respond more effectively than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions. Our primary competitors are Oracle and SAP, well-established providers of financial management and HCM applications, which have long-standing relationships with customers and partners. Some customers may be hesitant to switch vendors or to adopt cloud applications such as ours and may prefer to maintain their existing relationships with competitors. We also face competition from other enterprise software vendors, from regional competitors that only operate in certain geographic markets, and from vendors of specific applications that address only one or a portion of our applications, some of which offer cloud-based or AI-powered solutions. These vendors include, without limitation: Anaplan, Inc., ADP, Coupa Software Inc., Dayforce, Inc., Microsoft, ServiceNow, Inc., and UKG Inc. We may also face greater competition from non-specialist solutions relying on generic large language models ( LLMs ), generative AI, and general-purpose agents to address a broad range of business needs. In order to take advantage of customer demand for cloud and AI-powered applications, legacy vendors are expanding their cloud or AI-powered applications through acquisitions, strategic alliances, and organic development. In addition, other cloud or AI platform companies that provide services in different target markets or industries may develop applications or acquire companies that operate in our target markets or industries, and some potential customers may elect to develop their own internal applications. As the market evolves and as existing and new market participants introduce new types of technologies, such as generative and agentic AI, and different approaches that enable organizations to address their HCM and financial needs, our ability to maintain market differentiation may affect our competitive position. Furthermore, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by, or merge with, third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. Our competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their offerings, integrations, or resources. Many of our competitors also have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators, and resellers and such partners may prefer to maintain their existing relationships with competitors. With the introduction of new technologies, such as generative AI, we expect competition to intensify in the future. As we attempt to sell our products and solutions to potential and current customers, we must demonstrate that our products and solutions are superior to other solutions available to their organizations, including generic LLMs, software created using natural language prompts and generative AI (referred to as vibe coding) and other emerging technologies. If our competitors products, services, or technologies, including generative and agentic AI capabilities, become more accepted than our products, if their customer support efforts are preferred by customers, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, if they scale at a faster rate, or if their products or services are more technologically capable or resonate more with the market than ours, including having more or easier to use integrations for software solutions used and preferred by our customers, then our revenues could be adversely affected. In addition, our competitors may offer their products and services at a lower price, or may offer price concessions, delayed payment terms, financing terms, or other terms and conditions that are more enticing to potential customers. Due to the complex nature of implementing financial management solutions, the lifecycle of the contracts for such solutions tends to be long. Therefore, if we lose a current customer to a competitor or fail to secure a prospective customer for financial management solutions, there is a long duration before we will be able to approach that customer again with our sales efforts for such solutions. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 11 Table of Contents We may lose key employees or be unable to attract, enable, and retain highly skilled employees. Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers, other members of senior management, and other key employees. We do not have employment agreements wit