=== WDAY_2026-03-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this report. 5 Table of Contents Human Capital Workday was founded with the idea of putting people at the center of enterprise software, which is why employees are our number one core value. As of January 31, 2026, our global workforce consisted of over 21,000 employees in 36 countries, of which approximately 58% were located in the U.S. and 42% were located internationally. Maintaining strong employee relations is a priority and we consider our relations with our employees to be positive. Our Chief People Officer is responsible for developing and executing Workday s human capital strategy, including programs focused on total rewards; workforce planning and our skills-based hiring approach; employee skills, development, engagement, and wellbeing; and our inclusive, high-performance culture. Our Chief People Officer and our CEO regularly update our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee on human capital matters and seek their input on subjects such as succession planning, executive compensation, and our company-wide people programs. Total Rewards Our compensation philosophy is designed to establish and maintain a fair and flexible compensation program that attracts and rewards talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our near-term objectives, create long-term value for our stockholders, grow our business, and assist in the achievement of our strategic goals. We believe that providing employees with competitive pay that rewards and reflects outstanding performance, ownership in the company, and a wide range of benefits is fundamental to employees feeling valued, motivated, and recognized for their contributions. Equity ownership is a key element of our compensation program, allowing employees to share in Workday s successes and aligning the interests of our employees with our stockholders. Additionally, our total rewards package includes a cash bonus program, an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off, family leave, and other wellness programs. We also offer specialized benefits such as a holistic global mental and emotional health program, onsite and virtual healthcare resources, a financial wellness program, and support for fertility options and new parents, as well as reimbursement of adoption costs. Our Commitment to Pay Parity We believe that all employees deserve to be paid fairly and equitably and be afforded an equal chance to succeed. We have a market-based pay structure that compares our roles to those of our peers in each region. This process helps ensure we pay according to the market value of the jobs we offer. We also have processes in place to make pay decisions based on internally consistent and fair criteria. Each year, we conduct a company-wide pay equity analysis to help ensure pay equity among employees in similar roles. If we identify differences in pay, we research those differences and, where appropriate, make adjustments to employees pay. VIBE: Value Inclusion and Belonging for Everyone We strive to be a workplace where all employees are valued for their unique perspectives and where we collectively contribute to Workday s success and innovation. VIBE Value Inclusion and Belonging for Everyone is our approach to building an environment where all employees can thrive. Whether through creating resources that strengthen our culture, building inclusive products and technology, or developing great talent, we are building a vibrant workplace that fuels collaboration. Our 13 Employee Belonging Councils ( EBCs ) play an integral role in fostering our culture. These community-led groups are open to all employees and focus on building connections, fostering ideation, and driving innovation. As of January 31, 2026, over a quarter of our employees were members of one or more EBCs. We acknowledge that skills, education, and lived and learned experiences are gained in a variety of ways that are often not recognized in the traditional recruiting process, which is why we take a holistic approach to talent acquisition that prioritizes a skills-based approach. By standardizing practices to attract and evaluate talent fairly, minimize barriers and biases, and promote a skills-first hiring approach, we aim to deliver a meaningful and positive experience for all. Learning and Development Our employees tell us they are most engaged when they are continuously being exposed to new things, empowered to build new skills, and able to make an impact. Our employees have instant access to training via several industry-leading learning platforms, which provide our global workforce with convenient, timely access to content from subject matter experts. We offer a number of educational resources, development opportunities, and a support community to guide employees throughout their Workday careers. For example, we developed Career Hub which helps our employees share skills and interests and receive relevant connections, curated learning content, and recommended jobs to help them on their career journeys. Using Workday AI, Career Hub provides workers with suggestions to grow their skills and capabilities and encourages them to build a plan as they explore opportunities for continued career development. 6 Table of Contents Additionally, to foster a strong culture of compliance and ethics, we conduct annual compliance and ethics training of our Code of Conduct for all employees. In fiscal 2026, we had a 100% completion rate for our annual Code of Conduct training. Communication and Engagement Our culture and how we treat people are paramount at Workday, and we believe that being transparent and facilitating information sharing are key to our success. Workday leverages multiple communication channels to engage and inform employees, including company meetings, functional town halls, internal websites, and social collaboration tools. We also encourage regular 1:1 sessions and quarterly check-ins between managers and employees to provide individual performance feedback, and the use of our peer recognition platform. We believe that understanding what our employees want and supporting them effectively is critical to retaining our highest performing employees and attracting top talent. We use Workday Peakon Employee Voice, powered by Workday AI, to collect and analyze feedback in real time from our employees, garner insights and recommendations, and turn that feedback into dialog and action. Since we introduced Workday Peakon Employee Voice in fiscal 2022, employees have provided over 760,000 confidential comments on the platform through surveys sent to all employees each week, which reflects strong engagement. We receive data points from these surveys that help us identify actions to take to improve our company and our culture. Buoyed by the opportunities offered by our own technology, our talent philosophy puts employees at the center of their own career and performance journey by providing them the tools and framework to further their careers. We have done this by establishing a clear philosophy and set of expectations. Every employee receives enablement on our performance and growth philosophy, what s expected of them, and how to leverage these practices to ensure their own personal success and career growth at Workday. Our talent and performance dashboard provides a snapshot view of performance-related tasks, with a visual summary of goals, feedback, and growth opportunities. Employees can take action to update their contributions, capabilities, career, and connections using the quick links provided in the dashboard. Health, Safety, and Wellbeing At Workday, we take a holistic approach to our employees health and wellbeing and have created programs that focus on four core dimensions: Physical; Mental and Emotional; Financial; and Social and Flex. These programs go beyond traditional medical benefits and wellness offerings and allow employees to focus on their personal wellness goals as well as their mental health, and enable them to bring their best selves to work. Our hybrid work model provides flexibility for our employees to work from home, while still bringing people together to foster collaboration and innovation. We offer new remote-based employees a stipend to enable them to have a comfortable work-from-home environment. To help keep health and mental wellness top of mind, we offer a series of programs and communications focused on mental health. These include tools and resources related to sleep, healthy eating, and mindfulness, as well as our Employee Assistance Program to, among other things, facilitate timely access to culturally responsive mental health support for employees and their family members. Our Global Workplace Safety team supports the traditional corporate areas of employee health and safety and physical security for Workday on a global scale. From the workplace to work-related travel, we strive to keep our employees safe with programs including safety awareness training, emergency response protocols, and our ergonomics and life safety team programs. Giving and Doing Workday s Giving Doing program embodies our belief in making a positive impact beyond our organizational walls, empowering employees to engage in charitable efforts, community service, and volunteerism. On top of our strategic, company-led social impact and employee volunteerism efforts, we also believe that giving back is even more rewarding when people get to make an impact through their favorite causes. We encourage and support employee giving and volunteering through programs such as our charitable donation matching gift program, our volunteer grant program, our paid time off benefit for employees to volunteer and give back to their communities, and our team volunteer experience, where employee teams of five or more can volunteer with a charity partner of their choice and receive grants of up to $5,000. 7 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, contractors, consultants, suppliers, partners, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control access to software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Although we rely on intellectual property rights, as well as contractual protections and controls, to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel; creation of new products, features, and functionality; and frequent enhancements to our applications are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. Governmental Regulation As a public company with global operations, we are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations. These laws and regulations, which may differ among jurisdictions, include, among others, those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, privacy and data protection, cybersecurity, intellectual property, AI ethics and machine learning, corporate governance, tax, government contracting, trade, antitrust, employment, immigration and travel, import/export, and anti-corruption. The costs to comply with these governmental regulations are not material to the understanding of our business. For a further discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this report. Available Information Our website is located at www.workday.com and our investor relations website is located at www.investor.workday.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at www.workday.com/sec-filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Workday also uses its websites, including its investor relations website and blogs.workday.com as a means of disclosing information about Workday, including information that could be deemed material by investors. Information contained on or accessible through any website referenced herein is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K, and the inclusion of such website addresses is as inactive textual references only. Workday, the Workday logo, Flowise, Paradox, Sana, Pipedream, Adaptive Planning, Peakon, VNDLY, HiredScore, Conversational ATS, VIBE, and Evisort are trademarks of Workday, Inc., which may be registered in the U.S. and elsewhere. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors and events that could materially and adversely affect our business or the market price of our securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not any of the risks, events, or uncertainties described below have occurred in the past. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that materially and adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The market price of our securities could decline due to the materialization of these or any other risks, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors The following summary provides an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. This risk factor summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read these together with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth following this section, as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Additional risks beyond those summarized below, or discussed elsewhere in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future, or to the markets in which we currently operate or may in the future operate. Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including those associated with the following: any compromise of our information technology systems or security measures (including of our critical suppliers and service partners), or the unauthorized access of customer or user data; any slowdown or failure of our technical operations infrastructure, including data centers operated by third parties, or the impact of service outages or delays in the deployment of our applications, or the failure of our applications to perform properly; our ability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate, including against non-specialist AI-native solutions; privacy concerns and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations; any loss of key employees or the inability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees; our reliance on our network of partners to drive additional growth of our revenues; our ability to realize a return on our current development efforts or offer new features, such as those involving AI, enhancements, and modifications to our products and services, and our ability to realize a return on the investments we have made toward entering new markets and new lines of business; exposure to risks inherent to international expansion and sales to customers outside the U.S. or with international operations; our ability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company, employee, or technology acquisitions; government contracts and related procurement regulations; any dissatisfaction of our users with the deployment, training, and support services provided by us and our partners; delays in the reflection of downturns or upturns in new sales in our operating results associated with long sales cycles and our subscription model; our ability to predict the rate of customer subscription renewals or adoptions; the technical, legal, and regulatory environment in connection with our use of new and evolving technologies in our offerings, such as AI; any adverse litigation results; our ability to successfully integrate our applications with third-party technologies; any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any lawsuits against us for alleged infringement of third-party proprietary rights; the impact of continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility; the fluctuation of our quarterly results; 9 Table of Contents our existing and future debt obligations; and the limited ability of third parties to influence corporate matters due to our dual class structure and to seek a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest due to Delaware law and provisions in our organizational documents. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Any slowdown or failure in our technical operations infrastructure or applications may subject us to liabilities and adversely affect our reputation and operating results. We have experienced significant growth in the number of users, transactions, and data that our operations infrastructure supports. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements or fail to adapt and scale, we may see an increase in service outages or delays, or significant increases in operating costs, which may adversely affect our business and operating results. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, defects, system disruptions, outages, and other performance problems, including the failure of our applications to perform properly. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure and software or code changes, vendor issues, software and system defects, human error, viruses, worms, security attacks (internal and external), fraud, spikes in customer usage, and denial of service issues. For example, in July 2025, we identified and subsequently remediated an issue impacting reporting from high-volume data sources in the tenants of certain customers that may have yielded incomplete queries without displaying an error message. In addition, we may also encounter difficulties integrating acquired technologies, which may result in the failure of our applications to perform properly. All of these issues may result in increased operational costs, delays in new feature rollouts, customer loss, reputational damage, and legal or regulatory liability, including liability under customer contracts. Such issues have, and may in the future, result in certain parties having unauthorized access to data, which could increase the scope of our liability. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and process in our systems, and the sensitive nature of such data, it is possible that these issues could result in significant disruption, data loss or corruption, or cause the data to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers and other users regard as significant. Furthermore, our applications are essential to many of the business processes for our customers. For example, our financial management application is essential to our and our customers financial planning, reporting, and compliance programs. Any interruption in our service may affect the availability, accuracy, or timeliness of such programs and as a result could damage our reputation, cause our customers to terminate their use of our applications, require us to issue refunds for prepaid and unused subscription services, require us to compensate our customers for certain losses, and prevent us from gaining additional business from current or future customers. In addition, because we use Workday s financial management application, any problems that we experience with financial reporting and compliance could be negatively perceived by prospective or current customers and negatively impact demand for our applications. Our insurance policies, including our errors and omissions insurance, may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, to protect against claims and other legal actions arising from breaches of our contracts, disruptions in our service, including those caused by cybersecurity incidents, failures or disruptions to our infrastructure, catastrophic events and disasters, or otherwise. In addition, our policy may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly. We depend on data centers and other infrastructure operated by third parties, as well as internet availability, and any disruption in these operations could adversely affect our business and operating results. We host our applications and serve our customers and users globally from data centers operated by third parties and rely upon third-party vendors to operate certain aspects of our services. We control our applications and data, but we do not control the facilities, operations, and physical security of these locations. Disruption of or interference at these locations has and could in the future impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. For example, we have experienced disruptions at certain of our co-location data centers in the U.S. due to high temperatures and power outages that resulted in a brief temporary outage of our services for a subset of our customers. These facilities may also be subject to cybersecurity breaches, capacity constraints, financial difficulties, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, natural catastrophic events, as well as local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements, and litigation to stop, limit, or delay operations, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. Furthermore, our customers and other users access our applications through their internet service providers. If a service provider fails to provide sufficient capacity to support our applications or otherwise experiences service outages, such failure could interrupt our customers and other users access to our applications, which could adversely affect their perception of our applications reliability and our revenues. In addition, certain countries have implemented or may implement legislative and technological actions that either do or can effectively regulate access to the internet, including the ability of internet service providers to limit access to specific websites or content. 10 Table of Contents Any changes in service levels with our infrastructure providers, or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our applications or the infrastructure on which they run, including internet infrastructure, could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our customers or other users data or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services might adversely affect our reputation and operating results, cause us to issue refunds or service credits to customers, subject us to potential liabilities, result in contract terminations, or adversely affect our renewal rates. The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. The markets for enterprise cloud applications, including AI-powered solutions, are highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry for some applications or services. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, significantly longer operating histories, access to larger customer bases, larger marketing budgets, and significantly greater resources to devote to the research, development, promotion, and sale of their products and services than we do. This may allow our competitors to respond more effectively than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions. Our primary competitors are Oracle and SAP, well-established providers of financial management and HCM applications, which have long-standing relationships with customers and partners. Some customers may be hesitant to switch vendors or to adopt cloud applications such as ours and may prefer to maintain their existing relationships with competitors. We also face competition from other enterprise software vendors, from regional competitors that only operate in certain geographic markets, and from vendors of specific applications that address only one or a portion of our applications, some of which offer cloud-based or AI-powered solutions. These vendors include, without limitation: Anaplan, Inc., ADP, Coupa Software Inc., Dayforce, Inc., Microsoft, ServiceNow, Inc., and UKG Inc. We may also face greater competition from non-specialist solutions relying on generic large language models ( LLMs ), generative AI, and general-purpose agents to address a broad range of business needs. In order to take advantage of customer demand for cloud and AI-powered applications, legacy vendors are expanding their cloud or AI-powered applications through acquisitions, strategic alliances, and organic development. In addition, other cloud or AI platform companies that provide services in different target markets or industries may develop applications or acquire companies that operate in our target markets or industries, and some potential customers may elect to develop their own internal applications. As the market evolves and as existing and new market participants introduce new types of technologies, such as generative and agentic AI, and different approaches that enable organizations to address their HCM and financial needs, our ability to maintain market differentiation may affect our competitive position. Furthermore, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by, or merge with, third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. Our competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their offerings, integrations, or resources. Many of our competitors also have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators, and resellers and such partners may prefer to maintain their existing relationships with competitors. With the introduction of new technologies, such as generative AI, we expect competition to intensify in the future. As we attempt to sell our products and solutions to potential and current customers, we must demonstrate that our products and solutions are superior to other solutions available to their organizations, including generic LLMs, software created using natural language prompts and generative AI (referred to as vibe coding) and other emerging technologies. If our competitors products, services, or technologies, including generative and agentic AI capabilities, become more accepted than our products, if their customer support efforts are preferred by customers, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, if they scale at a faster rate, or if their products or services are more technologically capable or resonate more with the market than ours, including having more or easier to use integrations for software solutions used and preferred by our customers, then our revenues could be adversely affected. In addition, our competitors may offer their products and services at a lower price, or may offer price concessions, delayed payment terms, financing terms, or other terms and conditions that are more enticing to potential customers. Due to the complex nature of implementing financial management solutions, the lifecycle of the contracts for such solutions tends to be long. Therefore, if we lose a current customer to a competitor or fail to secure a prospective customer for financial management solutions, there is a long duration before we will be able to approach that customer again with our sales efforts for such solutions. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 11 Table of Contents We may lose key employees or be unable to attract, enable, and retain highly skilled employees. Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers, other members of senior management, and other key employees. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key employees that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period, and they could terminate their employment with us at any time. We have and may continue to execute our growth plan through strategic investments to attract and retain executive officers, senior management, or other key employees that may not be offset by increased performance or revenues. In February 2026, Aneel Bhusri, formerly Executive Chair, assumed the role of CEO and Carl Eschenbach ceased to serve as CEO. Key employee and executive leadership changes have the potential to disrupt our business, impact our ability to preserve our culture, negatively affect our ability to attract and retain talent, or otherwise have a serious adverse effect on our business and operating results. To execute our growth plan, we must attract, enable, develop, and retain highly qualified talent. Our ability to compete and succeed in a highly competitive environment is directly correlated to our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, especially in the areas of product development, cybersecurity, senior sales executives, and engineers with significant experience in designing and developing software and internet-related services, especially in AI and emerging technologies. The expansion of our sales infrastructure, both domestically and internationally, is necessary to grow our customer base and business. Our business may be adversely affected if our efforts to attract and enable new members of our direct sales force do not generate a corresponding increase in revenues. We have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, significant competition in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. We must also continue to retain, develop, and motivate existing employees through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. The compensation and incentives we have available to attract, retain, and motivate employees may not meet the expectations of current and prospective employees as the competition for talent intensifies. For example, our equity awards may become less effective if our stock price decreases or increases at a slower rate than our talent competitors. Further, our current and future office environments and our current hybrid work policy may not meet the expectations of our employees or prospective employees, and may amplify challenges in recruiting and retention. We believe that a critical component of our success has been our corporate culture and our core values. As we continue to grow and change, we may find it difficult to maintain our corporate culture among a larger number of employees who are dispersed throughout various geographic regions, including difficulties due to managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Efforts to restructure our workforce may be disruptive and adversely impact employee morale or our corporate culture. Failure to maintain or adapt our culture could negatively affect our ability to attract new employees or to retain our current employees and our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. We rely on our network of partners to drive additional growth of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be impacted, and our operating results and growth rate may be harmed. Our strategy for additional growth depends, in part, on sales generated through our network of partners and professional services provided by our partners. If the operations of these partners are disrupted, including as a direct or indirect result of recent macroeconomic conditions, our own operations may suffer, which could adversely impact our operating results. Identifying partners, negotiating and documenting relationships with them, and marketing and promoting partnerships requires significant time and resources, and we cannot ensure that these partnerships will result in increased customer adoption or usage of our applications or increased revenue. We may be at a disadvantage if our competitors are effective in providing incentives to our current or potential partners to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our services, or in negotiating better rates or terms with such partners, particularly in international markets where our potential partners may have existing relationships with our competitors. In addition, acquisitions of our partners by our competitors could end our strategic relationship with such acquired partner and result in a decrease in the number of our current and potential customers. 12 Table of Contents Our partner training and educational programs may not be effective or utilized consistently by partners. New partners may require extensive training and/or may require significant time and resources to achieve productivity, and such requirements may deter potential partners due to the significant time and financial investment required. Changes to our direct go-to-market models and expanded product and service offerings may cause friction with our partners, require increased time and financial investment, and may increase the risk in our partner ecosystem. The actions of our partners may subject us to lawsuits, potential liability, and reputational harm if, for example, any of our partners misrepresent the functionality of our products to prospective or current customers, fail to perform services to our customers expectations, or violate laws or our corporate policies, such as laws and policies around privacy, cybersecurity, and responsible AI. In addition, we resell certain products and services offered by our partners and could incur potential liability and reputational harm if our partners fail to provide such products and services as represented to customers. Our partners may utilize our platform to develop products and services that could potentially compete with products and services that we offer currently or in the future. Concerns over competitive matters or intellectual property ownership could constrain these partnerships. If we fail to effectively manage and grow our network of partners, maintain good relationships with our partners, or properly monitor the quality and efficacy of their service delivery, or if our partners do not effectively market and sell our subscription services, use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or services or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs or expectations of our customers, our ability to sell our products and efficiently provide our services may be impacted, and our operating results and growth rate may be harmed. If we are not able to realize a return on our current development efforts or offer new features, enhancements, and modifications to our products and services that are desired by current or potential customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Developing software applications and related enhancements, features, and modifications, including those involving AI, including generative and agentic AI or other emerging technologies, is expensive, and the investment in product development often involves a long return on investment cycle. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts to maintain our competitive position. Accelerated application introductions and short application life cycles require high levels of expenditures that could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue increases. However, we may not receive significant revenues from these investments for several years, if at all. If we are unable to provide new features, enhancements to user experience, and modifications in a timely and cost-effective manner that achieve market acceptance, align with customer expectations, and that keep pace with rapid technological developments and changing regulatory landscapes, it may negatively impact our customer renewal rates, limit the market for our solutions, or impair our ability to attract new customers and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For example, AI is propelling advancements in technology, but if we fail to innovate and keep up with advancements in AI technology, if Workday s AI-powered solutions, including our current and planned agentic AI solutions, fail to be delivered as planned or at all, fail to operate as expected or to meet customer expectations, if we fail to successfully monetize our AI-powered solutions, or if we do not have sufficient access to development resources and the technologies required to build and improve our applications, our business and reputation may be harmed. If we are not able to realize a return on the investments we have made toward entering new markets and new lines of business, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We continue to seek opportunities to enter into new markets and/or new lines of business, some of which we may have very limited or no experience in. For example, we have and continue to make significant targeted investments in entering the medium-enterprise and U.S. federal government markets and see our success in these markets as key contributors to our future growth. Additionally, we have made and continue to make significant investments in platform offerings and AI, including generative AI and agentic capabilities. As an entrant to new markets and new lines of business, we may not be effective in convincing prospective customers that our solutions will address their needs, and we may not accurately estimate our infrastructure needs, human resource requirements, or operating expenses with regard to these new markets and new lines of business. We may also fail to accurately anticipate adoption rates of these new lines of business or their underlying technology. Also, we may not be able to properly price our solutions in these new markets, which could negatively affect our ability to sell to customers. Furthermore, customers in these new markets or of the new lines of business may demand more or different features and professional services, which may require us to devote even greater research and development, sales, support, and professional services resources to such customers. If we fail to generate adequate revenues from these new markets and lines of business, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 13 Table of Contents Our international presence, continued expansion, and sales to customers outside the U.S. or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in global operations. The growth of our business and future prospects depends on our ability to further expand our operations and increase our sales outside of the U.S. as a percentage of our total revenues. Operating globally requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the U.S. Our investments and efforts to further expand internationally may not be successful in creating additional demand for our applications outside of the U.S. or in effectively selling subscriptions to our applications in all of the markets we enter. Risks associated with doing business on a global scale that could adversely affect our business, include: the need to develop, localize, and adapt our applications and customer support for specific countries; the need to successfully develop and execute on a localized go-to-market strategy; the need to adhere to local laws and regulations, including those related to data localization, privacy, and anti-corruption, which may make it more difficult to penetrate certain international market segments with highly specialized compliance, contracting, and data sovereignty requirements; difficulties in appropriately staffing and managing foreign operations and providing appropriate compensation and benefits for local markets; difficulties in leveraging executive presence, maintaining company culture globally, and conforming with local cultural contexts and customs; increased travel, real estate, infrastructure, and legal and regulatory compliance costs associated with international operations different pricing environments, longer sales cycles, and longer trade receivables payment cycles, and collections issues; new and different sources of competition; potentially weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the U.S. and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights; laws, contracting approaches, customs, and business practices favoring local vendors over U.S.-based companies, which may be increased by geopolitical tensions; restrictive governmental actions focused on cross-border trade, such as import and export restrictions, duties, quotas, potential or imposed tariffs, trade disputes, and barriers or sanctions, as well as any retaliatory actions, that may prevent us from offering certain portions of our products or services to a particular market, may increase our operating costs, or may subject us to monetary fines or penalties; compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting, and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, intellectual property, financial services, AI, and data protection laws and regulations, as well as challenges with differing legal, alternative dispute, and regulatory systems; increased compliance costs related to government regulatory reviews or audits, including those related to international cybersecurity and sustainability requirements; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; the effects of currency fluctuations on our revenues and expenses and customer demand for our services; restrictions on the transfer of funds; adverse tax consequences and tax rulings; and unstable economic and political conditions. Certain of the above factors have and may continue to negatively impact our ability to sell our applications and offer services globally, reduce our competitive position in foreign markets, increase our costs of global operations, reduce demand for our applications and services from global customers, or subject us to legal or regulatory liability. Additionally, the majority of our international costs are denominated in local currencies and we anticipate that over time an increasing portion of our sales contracts may be outside the U.S. and will therefore be denominated in local currencies. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies, which may be amplified by macroeconomic events, may impact our operating results when translated into U.S. dollars. Such fluctuations may also impact our ability to predict our future results accurately. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, other companies, employee teams, or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional indebtedness or dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, other companies, employee teams, or technologies to complement or expand our applications, enhance our technical capabilities, obtain personnel, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of acquisitions may divert the attention of management, disrupt ongoing business, and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 14 Table of Contents These impacts may continue through integration activities. Moreover, we may be unable to complete proposed transactions timely or at all for a variety of reasons, such as our failure to obtain any necessary funding, the failure to obtain required regulatory or other approvals, or the impact of litigation or other disputes. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from an acquisition due to a number of factors, including: inability or difficulty integrating the intellectual property, technology infrastructure, and operations of the acquired business, including difficulty in addressing potential identified or unknown security risks or vulnerabilities of the acquired business or product; inability to retain key personnel or challenges in integrating the workforce from the acquired company, including the inability to maintain our culture and values; acquisition-related costs, liabilities, or tax impacts, some of which may be unanticipated; the impact on stockholder dilution and our operating results from the additional stock-based compensation issued in connection with the acquisition; difficulty in leveraging the data of the acquired business if it includes personal data; a failure to maintain the information systems of an acquired business, including difficulties in increasing or maintaining the security standards for acquired technology, which could increase the risk of a security breach of such system; a failure to implement, restore, or maintain controls, procedures, or policies at the acquired company and an increased risk of non-compliance; multiple product lines or service offerings as a result of our acquisitions that are offered, priced, and supported differently, as well as the potential for such acquired product lines and service offerings to impact the profitability of existing products; the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other products, services, and strategic initiatives; difficulties and additional expenses associated with synchronizing product offerings, customer relationships, and contract portfolio terms and conditions between Workday and the acquired business; known and unknown liabilities or risks associated with the acquired businesses, including those arising from existing contractual obligations or litigation matters; adverse effects on our brand, reputation, or existing business relationships with business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition, including integrating acquired technologies and a delay in market acceptance of and difficulty in transitioning new and existing customers to acquired product lines or services; risks and challenges presented by the use of innovative technologies that we acquire, such as AI; potential write-offs of acquired assets and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; inability to maintain relationships with key customers, suppliers, and partners of the acquired business; difficulty in predicting and controlling the effect of integrating multiple acquisitions concurrently; lack of experience in new markets, products, or technologies; difficulty in integrating operations and assets of an acquired foreign entity with differences in language, culture, or country-specific currency and regulatory risks; the inability to obtain (or a material delay in obtaining) regulatory approvals necessary to complete transactions or to integrate operations, or potential remedies imposed by regulatory authorities as a condition to or following the completion of a transaction, which may include divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies; and the failure of strategic acquisitions to perform as expected or to meet financial projections, which may be heightened due to recent macroeconomic events and market volatility. In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire has been and may in the future be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our operating results. Acquisitions could also result in use of substantial portions of our available cash, which may limit other potential uses of cash, and dilutive issuances of equity securities or the issuance of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. If we finance acquisitions by issuing debt, we could face constraints related to the terms of and repayment obligation related to the incurrence of such indebtedness. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition, and operating results may suffer. 15 Table of Contents Our business could be adversely affected if our users are not satisfied with the deployment, training, and support services provided by us and our partners. Implementation of our applications may be technically complicated because they are designed to enable complex and varied business processes across large organizations, integrate data from a broad and complex range of workflows and systems, and manage, develop, and build AI-powered solutions and agents, and may involve deployment in a variety of environments. Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our applications, including generative and agentic AI capabilities, could result in customer and user dissatisfaction and harm our business and operating results. In order for our customers to successfully implement our applications, they need access to highly skilled and trained service professionals. Third parties provide a majority of deployment services for our customers, but professional services may also be performed by our own staff or by a combination of the two. If customers are not satisfied with the quality, timing, and cost of work performed by us or a third party or with the type of professional services or applications delivered, or if we or a third party have not delivered on commitments made to our customers, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the revenue recognition of the contract could be impacted, and the dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to expand the applications subscribed to by our customers. Negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers both domestic and abroad. Customers and other users also depend on our support organization to provision the environments used by our customers and to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Increased demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. Failure to maintain high-quality technical support and training, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support or training, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to offer and sell our applications, our renewal rates, and our business and operating results. Our future success depends on the rate of customer subscription renewals, and our revenues or operating results could be adversely impacted if we do not achieve renewals at expected rates or on anticipated terms. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our applications after the expiration of either the initial or renewed subscription period and it is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our customers renewal rates fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our mix of customer base and their level of satisfaction with our offerings and pricing, their awareness and adoption of the benefits and features of our applications, their ability to continue their operations and spending levels, reductions in their headcount, the evolution of their business, and the macroeconomic environment. Acquisitions of our customers by other companies have led, and could continue to lead, to cancellation of our contracts with those customers, thereby reducing the number of our existing and potential customers. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our applications on similar pricing terms or renew for fewer elements of our offerings or for a lower headcount, our revenues may decline, and we may not be able to meet our revenue projections, which could negatively impact our business and the market price of our Class A common stock. Our future success also depends, in part, on our ability to sell additional products to our current customers, and the success rate of such endeavors is difficult to predict, especially with regard to any new lines of business that we may introduce from time to time. This has and may continue to require increasingly costly marketing and sales efforts that are targeted at senior management, and if these efforts are not successful, our business and operating results may suffer. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to any price changes related to these additional features and services. The markets and monetization strategies for certain of our offerings, including our agentic AI solutions and Workday Data Cloud, remain relatively new and uncertain and as a result, our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain capabilities, including our AI agents, through Flex Credits, our new subscription-based flexible pricing model for certain AI solutions and platform capabilities, and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with determining optimal pricing for Flex Credits-based contracts and may face customer resistance to new pricing models or have lower levels of customer adoption of our AI solutions than we expect, which could negatively impact our business and operating results. 16 Table of Contents The use of new and evolving technologies in our offerings at Workday, including generative and agentic AI capabilities, may result in reputational harm and increased litigation, and adversely affect our operating results. We are increasingly building and integrating AI into the Workday product suite, including generative and agentic AI, and we are increasingly using AI products and technologies in the course of running our business at Workday. As with many cutting-edge innovations, these technologies can present new risks and challenges. A quickly evolving technical, legal, and regulatory environment may cause us to incur increased research and development costs, or divert resources from other development efforts, to address ethical, legal, operational, or compliance requirements or other issues related to AI. For example, the European Union s ( EU ) AI Act ( EU AI Act ) puts new requirements on providers and deployers of AI technologies and we are currently working to ensure compliance with corresponding deadlines. Additionally, existing laws and regulations apply to the development and deployment of AI in new ways, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict and subject to change over time. The risks and challenges presented by these technologies could undermine public confidence in AI and could increase costs and burdens to us and our customers, which could slow its adoption and affect our business. Many of our products are powered by AI, some of which include the use of generative and agentic AI, for use cases that could potentially impact human, civil, privacy, or employment rights and dignities. To the extent that the products and technologies we develop and deploy rely on the use of generative or agentic capabilities provided by third parties, we face additional uncertainties and liabilities, especially where such third-party capabilities may be insufficient, biased, inaccurate, or of poor quality. Any failure to accurately identify and address our responsibilities and liabilities in this uncertain environment, including with respect to third-party capabilities, and to adequately address relevant ethical and social issues that may arise with such technologies and use cases, as well as failure by others in our industry or actions taken by our customers, employees, suppliers, or end users (including misuse of these technologies), could negatively affect the adoption of our offerings and subject us to reputational harm, regulatory action, or litigation, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. We are currently defending against a lawsuit alleging that certain of our AI-related products and services enable discrimination, and although we believe that such claims lack merit, and the majority of the claims have been dismissed, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations and customers (particularly where, as in the present litigation, the plaintiff may seek to also litigate against certain of Workday s customers). We may be subject to other litigation and regulatory actions that may cause financial, competitive, and developmental impacts, and could lead to legal liability. Regardless of outcome, these types of claims have and could continue to cause reputational harm to our brand, including our ability to sell newly acquired products that use AI. Our employees, customers, or customers employees who are dissatisfied with our public statements, policies, practices, or solutions related to the development and use of AI may express opinions that could introduce reputational or business harm, or cease their relationship with us. If we fail to develop and maintain widespread positive awareness of our brand, our business may suffer. We believe that developing and maintaining widespread positive awareness of our brand is critical to our growth and that the importance of maintaining positive brand awareness will increase as competition in our markets increases. Successfully promoting and maintaining our brand will depend on our ability to provide reliable solutions that meet the needs of our customers, our ability to successfully differentiate our products and solutions from those of our competitors, and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. However, brand promotion activities may not generate the awareness or increased revenues we anticipate, and even if they do, any increase in revenues may not offset the significant expenses we incur in promoting our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain positive awareness of our brand, or we fail to expand positive awareness of our newer solutions or products, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building investments. We have and may continue to experience reputational harm from, among other things, the introduction of new products, features, or services that do not meet customer expectations; our use of new and evolving technologies, including AI; service outages or disruptions; issues with product quality or performance; backlash from customers, government entities, or other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy, ethical, or political positions; significant litigation or regulatory or government actions that negatively reflect on our business practices; and data security breaches or compliance failures. Additionally, the performance of our partners may affect our brand and reputation if customers do not have a positive experience with our partners solutions or services. Any unfavorable publicity or perception of our brand or our applications, including any unfavorable candidate or end user experience, could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers and also make it more difficult to hire and retain employees. 17 Table of Contents If we are unable to successfully integrate our applications with a variety of third-party technologies, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We depend on relationships with third-party technology and content providers and other key suppliers, and are also dependent on third parties for the license of certain software and development tools that are incorporated into or used with our applications or used to help improve our own internal systems, processes, or controls. For example, we leverage software and services for development tools and to deliver applications from many third-party suppliers including AWS and Google Cloud. If the operations of these third parties are disrupted, our own operations may suffer, which could adversely impact our operating results. Additionally, if we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, or if the quality of their products or performance is inadequate, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results may suffer. To the extent that our applications depend upon the successful integration and operation of third-party software in conjunction with our software, any undetected errors or defects in this third-party software, as well as cybersecurity threats or attacks related to such software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our applications, delay new application introductions, result in a failure of our applications, result in increased costs, including warranty and other related claims from customers, and injure our reputation. Any failure of our applications to operate effectively with future network platforms and other third-party technologies, or changes in such technologies that degrade the functionality of our products or give preferential treatment to competitive services, could reduce the demand for our applications, result in customer and end user dissatisfaction, and adversely affect our business and operating results. The extent to which the continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility, and any resulting effect on customer spending, will continue to impact our business, financial condition, and operating results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. We operate on a global scale, and as a result, our business and revenues are impacted by global economic and geopolitical conditions. Global economic developments, including new or increased tariffs, geopolitical volatilities, downturns or recessions, political instability, and global health crises may negatively affect us or our ability to accurately forecast and plan our future business activity. In addition, volatile economic and geopolitical situations have led and could lead to further economic disruption. Any sustained adverse impacts from these and other recent macroeconomic events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and earnings guidance that we may issue from time to time, which could have a material effect on the value of our Class A common stock. Our future revenues rely on continued demand by existing customers and the acquisition of new customers who may be subject to economic hardship due to recent macroeconomic events, including concerns about the impact of potential or imposed tariffs, inflation or the interest rate environment, and may delay or reduce their enterprise software spending to preserve capital and liquidity. In connection with recent macroeconomic events, we have experienced and may continue to experience delays in purchasing decisions from existing and prospective customers, increased demand for price concessions and delayed payment terms, and a reduction in customer demand. Our business, financial condition, and operating results may be negatively impacted in future periods due to the prolonged impacts of recent macroeconomic events, which may not be fully reflected in our operating results and overall financial performance until future periods. To the extent recent macroeconomic events adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Our quarterly operating results, including our revenues, subscription revenue backlog, operating margin, profitability, and cash flow, may vary significantly in the future and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Additionally, we typically sign a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers as well as renewal agreements with existing customers in the fourth quarter of each year, and this year-over-year compounding effect in billing patterns causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal year. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, including the risks described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. The extent to which recent macroeconomic events could continue to impact our operating results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Fluctuations in our quarterly results and related impacts to any earnings guidance we may issue from time to time, including any modification or withdrawal thereof, may negatively impact the value of our securities. 18 Table of Contents Catastrophic or climate-related events may disrupt our business. Our corporate headquarters are located in Pleasanton, California, and we host our applications in data centers operated by third parties located in the U.S., Europe, Canada, and the Asia-Pacific region. The west coast of the U.S. contains active earthquake zones and the southeast is subject to seasonal hurricanes or other extreme weather conditions. Additionally, we rely on internal technology systems, our website, our network, and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, which are located in a wide variety of regions, for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services, and sales activities. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster, or a catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, vandalism, civil unrest, cyber-attack, geopolitical instability, war, terrorist attack, acts of violence, insurrection, pandemics or other public health emergencies, or the effects of climate change (such as drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires, increased storm severity, and sea level rise), we may be unable to continue our operations and have, and may in the future, endure system interruptions, and may experience delays in our product development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could cause reputational harm or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, the impacts of climate change on the global economy and our industry are rapidly evolving. We may be subject to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards, or stakeholder expectations regarding climate change that may impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our disclosures related to corporate responsibility and sustainability-related matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. The positions we take on corporate responsibility and sustainability-related matters, human capital management initiatives, and ethical issues from time to time may impact our brand, reputation, or ability to attract or retain customers. In particular, our brand and reputation are associated with our environmental sustainability commitments (including our science-based targets), strong corporate governance practices, inclusivity, and ethical use, and any perceived changes in our dedication to these commitments could impact our relationships with potential and current customers, employees, stockholders, and other stakeholders. Standards and requirements for tracking and reporting corporate responsibility and sustainability-related matters continue to evolve. Our failure to accomplish stated commitments or accurately track and report on these matters on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation and could expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community as well as enforcement authorities. In addition, our processes and controls may not always comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting sustainability metrics, including sustainability-related disclosures that may be required by various regulatory bodies, and such standards have and may continue to change over time. If our sustainability or other corporate responsibility practices do not align with or meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquirer, or service provider could be negatively impacted. Conflicting laws, regulations, and executive orders and a lack of harmonization of legal and regulatory environments and stakeholder expectations across the jurisdictions in which we operate may create enhanced compliance risks and costs. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and Intellectual Property If our information technology systems are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or user data is otherwise obtained, our applications may be perceived as not being secure, our operations may be disrupted, our applications may become unavailable, customers and end users may reduce the use of or stop using our applications, and we may incur significant liabilities. Our applications involve the storage and transmission of our customers and other users sensitive and proprietary information, including personal or identifying information regarding our customers, their employees, job candidates, customers, prospects, and suppliers, as well as financial, accounting, health, and payroll data. Additionally, our operations and the availability of the services we provide also depend on our information technology systems. As a result, a compromise of our applications or systems, or unauthorized access to, acquisition, use, tampering, release, alteration, theft, loss, or destruction of sensitive data, or unavailability of data or our applications, has and could disrupt our operations or impact the availability or performance of our applications; expose us and our customers to regulatory obligations and enforcement actions, litigation, investigations, remediation and indemnity obligations, or supplemental disclosure obligations; damage our reputation and brand; or result in loss of customer, consumer, and partner confidence in the security of our applications, an increase in our insurance premiums, suspension or loss of authorization under the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program ( FedRAMP ) or other authorizations, impairment to our business, and other potential liabilities or related fees, expenses, or loss of revenues. 19 Table of Contents The financial and personnel resources we employ to implement and maintain security measures, including our information security risk insurance policy, may not be sufficient to address our security needs. The security measures we have in place vary in maturity across the organization and may not be sufficient to protect against security risks, preserve our operations and services and the integrity of customer and personal information, and prevent data loss, misappropriation, and other security breaches. Our logging may not be and has not been sufficient to fully investigate the scope of an incident. Our information systems have been and may in the future be compromised by computer hackers, employees, contractors, or vendors, as well as software bugs, human error, technical malfunctions, or other malfeasance. Cybersecurity threats and attacks are often targeted at companies such as ours and may take a variety of forms ranging from individuals or groups of security researchers, including those who appear to offer a solution to a vulnerability in exchange for some compensation, and insiders, to sophisticated hacker organizations, including state-sponsored actors who may launch coordinated attacks, or attacks motivated by the type of data that is processed by our customers, including our public sector customers, on our platform. These threats may be directed not only at us, but also at third parties in our supply chain, including cloud service providers, software vendors, open-source software maintainers, and other service providers or partners whose products or services are integrated with or support our platform and solutions. In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyber-attack attempts and have experienced other security events, including those involving attempts to exploit vulnerabilities in third-party technologies or services on which we rely. As our market presence grows and as our ecosystem of partners, integrations, and service providers expands, we face increased risks of cybersecurity attack or other security threats, including supply chain attacks. Additionally, as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create sophisticated new attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. Threat actors may also target our AI models in ways that we cannot yet anticipate. Examples of key cybersecurity risks include viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious software programs, along with social engineering attacks, fraud, credential theft or abuse, exploitation of software bugs or other defects, targeted attacks against cloud services and other hosted software, and exploitation of unmanaged software or systems, any of which can result in a compromise of our applications or systems and the data we store or process, and can result in disclosure of Workday confidential information and intellectual property, production downtimes, reputational harm, and an increase in costs to the business. For example, in August 2025, we were targeted as part of a social engineering campaign against many large organizations, resulting in unauthorized access to some of our internal systems including some commonly available business contact information in our third-party customer relationship management platform. As the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, and often are not identified until they are launched against a target, and because evidence of unauthorized activity may not have been captured or retained, or may be proactively destroyed by unauthorized actors, we may be unable to anticipate or timely detect these attacks, assess the true impact they may have on our business and operations, or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any cyber-attacks and other security events may have a significant or material impact on our business and operating results. There may also continue to be attacks targeting any vulnerabilities in our applications, internally built infrastructure, enhancements, and updates to our existing offerings, or in the many different underlying networks and services that power the internet that our products depend on, most of which are not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners, or customers. Systems and processes designed to protect our applications, systems, software, and data, as well as customer data and other user data, and to prevent data loss and detect security breaches, may not be effective against all cybersecurity threats or perceived threats. We have been subject to such incidents, including through third-party service providers and in connection with acquisitions we have made. In addition, our software development practices have not and may not identify all potential privacy or security issues, and inadvertent disclosures of data have occurred and may occur again. Additionally, remote work and resource access, including our hybrid work model, has and may continue to result in an increased risk of cybersecurity-related events, including phishing and other social engineering attacks, exploitation of any cybersecurity flaws that may exist, an increase in the number cybersecurity threats or attacks, and other security challenges as a result of our employees and our service providers continuing to work remotely from non-corporate managed networks. These risks may be further heightened by efforts by malicious actors to obtain or misuse authorized access credentials through deception or impersonation, including by posing as legitimate employees, contractors, or by infiltrating our workforce or service providers through fraudulent recruitment, onboarding, or credential-harvesting activities. If successful, such attacks could enable threat actors to gain persistent access to our systems, move laterally within our environment, exfiltrate sensitive data, disrupt operations, or facilitate additional cyber-attacks, and may be more difficult to detect or prevent due to the use of seemingly legitimate accounts and remote access tools. 20 Table of Contents Furthermore, we have acquired or partnered with a number of companies, products, services, and technologies over the years, and incorporated third-party products, services, and technologies into our own products and services. Addressing security issues associated with acquisitions, partnerships, incorporated technologies, and our supply chain requires significant resources, and we have inherited and may in the future inherit additional risks upon integration with or use by Workday. In addition, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to an industry peer, our customers and potential customers may generally lose trust in the security of financial management, spend management, human capital management, planning, or analytics applications, or in cloud applications for enterprises in general. Any or all of these issues could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect to terminate or not renew their subscriptions, result in reputational damage, cause us to pay remediation and indemnity costs and/or issue service credits or refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscription services, or result in lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other action or liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We rely on sophisticated information systems and technology, including those provided by third parties, for the secure collection, processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and personal information, and to support our business operations and the availability of our applications. In the past several years, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity. As we are both a provider and consumer of information systems and technology, we are at higher risk of being impacted either directly or indirectly by these attacks. The control systems, cybersecurity program, infrastructure, physical facilities of, and personnel associated with third parties that we rely on or partner with are beyond our control. Our customers may authorize third-party technology providers to access their customer data and any unauthorized use of the third-party technology may result in unauthorized access to such data. The audits we periodically conduct of some of our third-party vendors do not guarantee the security of and may be unable to prevent security events impacting the information technology systems of third parties that are part of our supply chain or that provide valuable services to us, which have resulted and could result in the unauthorized access to data of Workday, our employees, our customers, our third-party partners, or other end users; acquisition, destruction, alteration, use, tampering, release, unavailability, theft or loss of confidential, proprietary, or personal data of Workday, our employees, our customers, our third-party partners, or other end users; or the disruption of our operations and our ability to conduct our business or the availability of our applications; or could otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, or reputation. Privacy concerns, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer, and other domestic or foreign laws and regulations, including those that seek to regulate access to data, may reduce the adoption of our applications, result in significant costs and compliance challenges, and adversely affect our business and operating results. Legal requirements related to collecting, storing, handling, retaining, and transferring (collectively, processing ) personal data are rapidly evolving at both the national and international level in ways that require our business to adapt to comply with applicable laws and support customer compliance. As the complexity of our products grows, the regulatory focus on privacy intensifies worldwide, and jurisdictions increasingly consider and adopt privacy laws, the risks related to our business s processing of personal data also grow. In addition, possible adverse interpretations of existing privacy-related laws and regulations by regulators in jurisdictions where our customers operate, as well as the potential adoption of new privacy-related requirements, could impose significant obligations affecting our business or prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions where we operate. Over the past five years, the global data privacy compliance landscape has grown increasingly complex, fragmented, and financially relevant to business operations. As a result, our data processing creates current and prospective risks related to increased regulatory compliance costs, government enforcement actions and/or financial penalties for non-compliance, and reputational harm. For example, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ( DPF ) is in place under which EU data can legally be transferred to the U.S. However, it is facing legal challenges. As legal challenges to the DPF remain unresolved, uncertainty may continue regarding the legal requirements for transferring personal data from Europe, an integral aspect of our business that remains governed by, and subject to, General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) requirements. Failure to comply with the GDPR data processing requirements by either ourselves or our subprocessors could lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue, private lawsuits, reputational damage, and loss of customers. Other new EU laws, including the EU Data Act, which primarily governs access to and use of non-personal data generated by digital services, have been, and may continue to be implemented, interpreted, and enforced in ways that impose additional rules and restrictions on the deployment, operation, or use of our products and services and may require us to adapt our business practices or contractual arrangements to comply with such requirements. Other countries such as Russia, China, Vietnam, and India have also passed or are in the process of passing laws imposing new requirements, including requirements related to consent and varying degrees of restrictive data residency or localization. 21 Table of Contents Regulatory developments in the U.S. present additional risks. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act ( CCPA ) took effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act ( CPRA ), which expands upon the CCPA, came into effect on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA give California consumers, including employees, certain rights similar to those provided by the GDPR, and also provide for statutory damages or fines on a per violation basis that could be very large depending on the severity of the violation. In addition, numerous states have enacted, or are considering, comprehensive privacy laws and other laws that touch on the processing of personal data in specific contexts, including in connection with artificial intelligence and automated systems, further contributing to a fragmented and evolving regulatory landscape that has and may continue to create compliance challenges. Additionally, a final rule issued by the U.S. Department of Justice establishing a Data Security Program came into effect on April 8, 2025. The rule prohibits or restricts certain transactions that could result in access to bulk U.S. sensitive personal data or U.S. government-related data by countries of concern, including China (which includes Hong Kong and Macau). The rule imposes certain diligence, security, audit and record-keeping requirements, and may adversely impact certain of our global business operations, including by restricting or conditioning certain data access or transfers involving subsidiaries, affiliates, and vendors. Furthermore, the U.S. Congress is considering numerous privacy bills, and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission continues to bring enforcement actions for unfair or deceptive data protection practices and may undertake its own privacy-related rulemaking. In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy and other industry groups have established or may establish various new, additional, or different self-regulatory standards that customers may require us to adhere to, which may place additional burdens on us. Increasing sensitivity of individuals to the unauthorized processing of personal data, whether real or perceived, and an increasingly uncertain trust climate has and may continue to create negative public reaction to technologies, products, and services such as ours or otherwise expose us to liability. In addition, as AI technologies are increasingly used across the industry, including in connection with data analytics, automation, customer service, and decision-support features, the speed, scale, and complexity of data processing may increase, which may heighten data privacy risks. AI-enabled or agentic AI features may be targeted, misused, or produce outputs or inferences that implicate personal data in ways that are difficult to anticipate or control, potentially resulting in regulatory scrutiny, litigation, or reputational harm, even in the absence of a data breach. Taken together, the costs of compliance with and other obligations imposed by data protection laws and regulations have and may continue to require modification of our services and operations, limit use or adoption of our services, slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, data protection laws, regulations and related enforcement activities may lead to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for noncompliance. These requirements may impact how personal data must be stored, accessed, and deleted within the products and services and impose certain limitations on how it may be used or shared. Further, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit the adoption, effectiveness, or use of our applications or otherwise impact our business. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty competing with foreign-based firms which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights domestically and internationally could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers, partners, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We have patent applications pending in the U.S. and throughout the world, but we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, any patents issued to us in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties, including those affiliated with state-sponsored actors, to copy or reverse engineer our applications, including with the assistance of insiders, and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our technology may be unenforceable under the laws of jurisdictions outside the U.S. In addition, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances. These agreements may not be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our applications and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our applications. 22 Table of Contents We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to secure, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights could have a serious adverse effect on our brand and business. We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our industry. From time to time, third parties may claim that our applications and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services, and we may be found to be infringing such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, require us to change our products, technology, or business practices, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or business partners or pay substantial settlement costs, including royalty payments, in connection with any such claim or litigation and to obtain licenses, modify applications, or refund fees, which could be costly. In addition, we may be sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions taken by our customers, including through the use or misuse of our products. Even if we were to prevail in an intellectual property dispute, any litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and 