=== NVDA_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters for a discussion of this potential impact. Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, employment, product regulations, cybersecurity, environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of AI, climate change, cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could further increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in subsequent periods. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of these potential impacts. Human Capital Management As of the end of fiscal year 2026, we had approximately 42,000 employees in 38 countries; 31,000 were engaged in research and development and 11,000 were engaged in sales, marketing, operations, and administrative positions. To execute our business strategy successfully, we focus on recruiting, developing, and retaining top global talent. Within our workforce, more than 80 percent have technical roles and more than half of the workforce hold an advanced degree. Our employees also help to surface top talent, with over 40 percent of our new hires in fiscal year 2026 coming from employee referrals. In fiscal year 2026, our turnover rate was 3.7 percent. We invest in employee development through on-the-job trainings and tuition reimbursement programs. Our compensation and benefits are designed to reward performance and align employee interests with those of our shareholders through equity participation and comprehensive health and financial wellness programs. We also utilize employee listening systems to gather feedback and maintain an inclusive culture where hiring and promotions are based on merit. Information About Our Executive Officers The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their ages, and positions as of February 20, 2026: Name Age Position Jen-Hsun Huang 63 President and Chief Executive Officer Colette M. Kress 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ajay K. Puri 71 Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations Debora Shoquist 71 Executive Vice President, Operations Timothy S. Teter 59 Executive Vice President and General Counsel Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors since our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a variety of positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for AMD, a semiconductor 11 Table of Contents company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University. Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment company, since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for all business segments, engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at Microsoft, a software company, including, beginning in 2006, Chief Financial Officer of the Server and Tools division, where Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight years at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree in Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University. Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations in 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held positions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22-year career at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a computing systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-Packard, an information technology company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a management and technology consulting company, and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School. Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communications test and measurement solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she worked at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University. Timothy S. Teter joined NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP, where he focused on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as an engineer at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company, an aerospace company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on or through our website, http://www.nvidia.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors The following risk factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. Risk Factors Summary Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results. Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results. Risks Related to Demand, Supply, and Manufacturing Long manufacturing lead times and uncertain supply and capacity availability, combined with a failure to estimate customer demand accurately has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand. 12 Table of Contents Dependency on third-party suppliers and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, or package our products reduces our control over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, and product delivery schedules and could harm our business. Defects in our products have caused and could cause us to incur significant expenses to remediate and could damage our business. Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business Adverse economic conditions may harm our business. International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our business. Product, system security and data protection incidents or breaches, as well as cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial condition, stock price and reputation. Business disruptions could harm our operations and financial results. Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, nor successfully integrate acquisition targets. A significant amount of our revenue stems from a limited number of partners and distributors and we have a concentration of sales to customers who purchase directly or indirectly from us, and our revenue could be adversely affected if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers. Commercial arrangements expose us to counterparty risks, which may negatively impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We may be unable to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees. Modification or interruption of our business processes and information systems may disrupt our business and internal controls. Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters We are subject to complex laws, rules, regulations, and political and other actions, including restrictions on the export of our products, which may adversely impact our business. Scrutiny regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in financial, reputational, or operational harm and liability. Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI, may result in reputational or financial harm and liability. Adequately protecting our IP rights could be costly, and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products. We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations, and other obligations. These areas could damage our reputation, deter customers, affect product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and liability. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by additional tax liabilities, higher than expected tax rates, changes in tax laws, and other tax-related factors. Our business is exposed to the burden and risks associated with litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. Delaware law, provisions in our governing documents and our agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in control. 13 Table of Contents Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results. Our accelerated computing platforms experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and industry standards. Our success depends on our ability to: timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of our markets, including addressing unexpected shifts in industry standards or disruptive technological innovations that could render our products incompatible with those developed by other companies; develop or secure access to new products and technologies through investments in research and development; launch new offerings with new business models including software, services, and cloud solutions, as well as software-, infrastructure-, or platform-as-a-service solutions; expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies; meet evolving and prevailing customer and industry safety, security, reliability expectations, and compliance standards; manage product and software lifecycles to maintain customer and end-user satisfaction; develop, acquire, maintain, and secure access to the internal and external infrastructure needed to scale our business, including sufficient energy for powering data centers using our products, acquisition integrations, customer support, e-commerce, IP licensing capabilities, and cloud service capacity; and complete technical, financial, operational, compliance, sales and marketing investments for the above activities. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop or monetize new products and technologies, or if they do not become widely adopted, our financial results could be adversely affected. Obtaining design wins may involve a lengthy process and depends on our ability to anticipate and provide features and functionality that customers will demand. They also do not guarantee revenue. Failure to obtain a design win may prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. We cannot ensure that our products and technologies will provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail any of these key success criteria, our financial results may be harmed. We have entered into an intellectual property license arrangement with Groq, Inc., or Groq, that required significant, nonrefundable payments. Successfully incorporating the licensed technology into our architectures and product roadmaps requires significant engineering effort and may not occur on expected timelines or at all. The licensed technology may not achieve the desired results as designed or achieve customer or ecosystem adoption. The economic outcomes of this arrangement depend on our ability to translate the licensed technology into commercially viable products and services over time, and we may be unable to recover the associated costs or realize an adequate return on this spend. If our efforts to use the licensed technology are delayed or unsuccessful, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We entered into multi-year cloud service agreements to support our research and development activities. The timing and availability of these cloud services have changed and may continue to shift, impacting our revenue, expenses, and development timelines, and these arrangements may not deliver anticipated benefits. We also offer or plan to offer standalone software solutions, including NVIDIA AI Enterprise, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA DRIVE, and other software products. These business models or strategies may not be successful, and we may fail to sell any meaningful standalone software or services. We may incur significant costs and may not achieve any significant revenue from these offerings. Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results. Our target markets remain competitive, and competition may intensify with expanding and changing product and service offerings, industry standards, customer and market needs, new entrants and consolidations. Our competitors products, services and technologies, including those mentioned above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may be cheaper or provide better functionality or features than ours, which has resulted and may in the future result in lower-than-expected selling prices or demand for our products. Some of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities, and have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent protections, more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to acquire market share and/or prevent us from doing so, more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets and end-user trends, more quickly transition their products, and impinge on our ability to procure sufficient 14 Table of Contents foundry capacity and scarce input materials during a supply-constrained environment, which could harm our business. Some of our customers have in-house expertise and internal development capabilities similar to some of ours and can use or develop their own solutions to replace those we are providing. For example, others may offer cloud-based services that compete with our AI cloud service offerings, and we may not be able to establish market share sufficient to achieve the scale necessary to meet our business objectives. If we are unable to successfully compete in this environment, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease, which may negatively impact our business. Risks Related to Demand, Supply, and Manufacturing Long manufacturing lead times and uncertain supply and capacity availability, combined with a failure to estimate customer demand accurately, has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand. We have long manufacturing lead times and build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. In periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, the lead times for certain supply may be extended. We have previously experienced and may continue to experience extended lead times of more than 12 months. To secure future supply and capacity, we have paid premiums, provided deposits, and entered into long-term supply agreements and capacity commitments, which have increased our product costs and this may continue. We may still be unable to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs. If we inaccurately estimate demand, or our customers change orders, as we have experienced in the past, we may not be able to reduce our supply commitments in time, at the same rate, or at all. Significant mismatches between supply and demand have varied across our market platforms, resulted in both product shortages and excess inventory, significantly harmed our financial results and could reoccur. If we underestimate demand, and our foundry partners and contract manufacturers are unable to increase production or provide sufficient supply, we may not be able to meet increased customer demand in a timely manner, or at all. Our reputation and customer relationships could be damaged and we could lose revenue and market share. Additionally, since some of our products are part of a complex data center buildout, supply constraints or availability issues with respect to any one component have had and may have a broader revenue impact. For example, our ability to sell certain products has been and could be impeded if components necessary for the finished products are not available from third parties. If we overestimate demand, or if customers cancel or defer orders or choose to purchase from our competitors, we may not be able to utilize on-hand inventory or reduce purchase commitments accordingly. We have had to reduce average selling prices, including due to our channel pricing programs, increase prices for certain of our products as a result of our suppliers increase in prices, write down our inventory, incur cancellation penalties, and record impairments, and may have to do so in the future. The impact of these risks would be amplified by our non-cancellable and non-returnable purchase orders placed in advance of our historical lead times and could be exacerbated if we need to make changes to the design of future products. These risks have increased and may continue to increase as our purchase obligations and prepaids have grown and are expected to continue to grow and become a greater portion of our total supply. All of these factors may negatively impact our gross margins and financial results. Factors that have caused and/or could in the future cause us to underestimate or overestimate demand, and impact the timing and volume of our revenue, include: changes in product development cycles and time to market; competing technologies and competitor product releases, announcements or other actions; changes in business and economic conditions; sudden or sustained government lockdowns or public health issues; rapidly changing technology or customer requirements; the availability of sufficient data center capacity or energy for customers to procure; new product introductions and transitions resulting in less demand for existing products; new or unexpected end-use cases; increase in demand for competitive products; changes in end-user demand; purchasing decisions made, and inventory levels held by, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, system integrators, other channel partners and other third parties; 15 Table of Contents the ability of developers, end customers and other third parties to build, enhance, and maintain accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms; the demand for accelerated computing, AI-related cloud services, or large language models; changes that impact the ecosystem for the architectures underlying our products and technologies; government actions or changes in governmental policies, such as export controls, increased restrictions on gaming usage, or tariffs; our customers and partners ability to secure capital and energy and to build complex datacenter infrastructure timely; and the availability of third-party content on our platforms, such as GeForce NOW. The availability of data centers, energy, and capital to support the buildout of NVIDIA AI infrastructure by our customers and partners is crucial, and any shortage of these and other necessary resources could impact our future revenue and financial performance. Expanding energy capacity to meet demand is a complex, multi-year process involving significant regulatory, technical, and construction challenges. In addition, access to capital can be particularly constrained for less-capitalized companies, which may face difficulties securing financing for large-scale infrastructure projects. These limitations could delay customer and partner deployments or reduce the scale of accelerated computing and AI adoption. Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended lead times may occur if we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events. Geopolitical tensions in regions where we rely on suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners that are critical to our supply continuity, could have a material adverse impact on us. Publicly announced intentions by governments or other companies to purchase our products can further complicate our demand estimates, as such announcements are often non-binding and may not result in committed volumes. We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections and increasing complexity of our data center products. We expect supply constraints to be a headwind to Gaming in the first quarter of fiscal year 2027 and beyond. We have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain creates more complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines. We are increasing our U.S.-based manufacturing and investing in specialized equipment and processes to support domestic production. We may experience delays or difficulties in scaling production as planned. Our ability to increase manufacturing capabilities will depend on the domestic manufacturing ecosystem's capacity to ramp production supply to the required volume timely. Delays or shortfalls could impact our ability to meet demand. Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support new products. We are generally in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive products. The computing industry is experiencing a broader and faster launch cadence of accelerated computing platforms to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. We have introduced a new product and architecture cadence of our Data Center solutions where we seek to complete new computing solutions each year and provide a greater variety of Data Center offerings. The increased frequency of these transitions and the larger number of products and product configurations may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand which may further create volatility in our revenue. Qualification time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions, and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product introductions can reduce, or create volatility in, our revenue. Customers may delay adopting new architectures if their data center infrastructure is not ready, which could affect the timing of our revenue. We have experienced and may in the future experience reduced demand for current generation architectures when customers anticipate transitions, and we may be unable to sell multiple product architectures at the same time for current and future architecture transitions. Our financial results have been and may in the future be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our architectural transitions as planned for any reason. The increased frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty, or other costs or result in product delays. For example, our gross margins in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 were negatively impacted by inventory provisions for low-yielding Blackwell material. We incur significant engineering development resources for new products, and changes to our product roadmap may impact our ability to develop other products or adequately manage our supply chain cost. Customers may delay purchasing existing products as we increase the frequency of new products or may not be able to adopt our new 16 Table of Contents products as fast as forecasted, both impacting the timing of our revenue and supply chain cost. While we have managed prior product transitions and have sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and may cause us to incur additional costs. Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect, which may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able to generate significant revenue from them. Because our products may be used in multiple use cases and applications, it is difficult to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the impact of accelerated computing and AI models on our reported revenue or forecasted demand. The use of our GPUs for new, mercurial, or trendy applications, has impacted and can impact in the future, demand for our products, including by leading to inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For example, several years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to be used for mining digital currencies, such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards and changes in the method of verifying blockchain transactions, has impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the Ethereum 2.0 merge in 2022, have reduced and may in the future decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining. This has created and may in the future create increased aftermarket sales of our GPUs, which could negatively impact retail prices for our GPUs and reduce demand for our new GPUs. In general, our new products or previously sold products may be resold online or on the u