=== ARES_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factor Summary Our businesses are subject to a number of inherent risks. We believe that the primary risks affecting our businesses and an investment in shares of our Class A common stock or Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock are: • difficult, volatile market and political conditions may adversely affect our businesses in many ways, including by reducing the value or hampering the performance of the investments made by our funds or reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital; • we operate in a complex regulatory and tax environment involving rules and regulations (both domestic and foreign), some of which are outdated relative to today’s global financial activities and some of which are subject to political influence, which could restrict or require us to adjust our operations or the operations of our funds or portfolio companies and subject us to increased compliance costs and administrative burdens, as well as restrictions on our business activities; • if we are unable to raise capital from investors or deploy capital into investments, or experience reduced capital raising or deployment activity, or if any of our management fees are waived or reduced, or if we fail to realize investments and generate carried interest or incentive fees, our revenues and cash flows would be materially reduced; • we are subject to risks related to our dependence on our executive officers, senior professionals and other key personnel as well as attracting, retaining and developing human capital in a highly competitive talent market; • we may experience reputational harm if we fail to appropriately address conflicts of interest, if we, our employees, our funds or their portfolio companies fail (or are alleged to have failed) to comply with applicable regulations in an increasingly complex political and regulatory environment and as a result of negative publicity related to our various businesses and strategies; • we face intense competition in the investment management business for investment opportunities; • our growth strategy contemplates acquisitions and entering new lines of business and expanding into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, which subject us to numerous risks, expenses and uncertainties, including related to the integration of new businesses and strategies, acquisitions or joint ventures; • we derive a significant portion of our management fees from ARCC; • economic U.S. and foreign sanction laws may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies; • our international operations subject us to numerous regulatory, operational and reputational risks and expenses; • our financial support of particular investment products, or the inability to provide support, may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline; • we are subject to operational risks and risks in using prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents; • the increasing demands of fund investors, including the potential for fee compression and changes to other terms, could materially adversely affect our future revenues; • security incidents or cyber-attacks, affecting us or our third-party service providers, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results; • technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs; • we are subject to numerous privacy laws, and violation of such laws may subject us to significant fines or penalties, litigation, or reputational damage, and new privacy laws or changes in enforcement of existing privacy laws could impact our business and financial performance; • we may be subject to litigation and reputational risks and related liabilities or risks related to employee misconduct, fraud and other deceptive practices; 36 Table of Contents • changes in interest rates could negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the debt markets on attractive terms, which could adversely impact investment and realization opportunities; • inflation has impacted and may in the future adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition of our funds and their portfolio companies; • the use of leverage by us and our funds exposes us to substantial risks, including related to the use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate (“SONIA”); • asset valuation methodologies can be highly subjective and our value of an asset may differ materially from the value ultimately realized; • our funds may perform poorly due to market conditions, political actions or environments, monetary and fiscal policy or other conditions beyond our control; • third-party investors in our funds may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls or may exercise redemption, termination or dissolution rights; • we are subject to risks relating to our contractual rights and obligations under our funds’ governing documents and investment management agreements; • a downturn in the global credit markets could adversely affect certain of our investments; • due to our and our funds’ investments in certain market sectors, such as private credit, power, infrastructure and energy, real estate, insurance, secondaries and private equity products, we are subject to risks and regulations inherent to those industries; • if we were deemed to be an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our businesses as contemplated; • due to the Holdco Members ownership and control of our shares of common stock, holders of our Class A common stock will generally have no influence over matters on which holders of our common stock vote and limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business; • we are subject to risks related to our categorization as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards; • potential conflicts of interest may arise among the holders of Class B and Class C common stock and the holders of our Class A common stock and/or Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock; • our holding company structure, Delaware law and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A and non-voting common stock; • other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control; and • we are subject to risks related to our tax receivable agreement (the “TRA”). Risks Related to Our Businesses Difficult market and political conditions may adversely affect our businesses in many ways, including by reducing the value or hampering the performance of the investments made by our funds or reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic and political conditions throughout the world that are outside our control. These conditions may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions. This could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. 37 Table of Contents Global financial markets have experienced heightened volatility in recent periods, including as a result of economic and political events in or affecting the world’s major economies, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. Sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, including on Iran and in connection with hostilities between Russia and Ukraine and the tensions between China and Taiwan, have caused additional financial market volatility and affected the global economy. Concerns over future increases in inflation, economic recession, as well as interest rate volatility and fluctuations in oil and gas prices resulting from global production and demand levels, as well as geopolitical tension, have exacerbated market volatility. Market volatility has been further exacerbated by social unrest, changes regarding immigration and work permit policies and other political and security concerns both in the U.S. and across various international regions. Because of interrelationships within the global financial markets, if these issues do not abate, worsen or spread, our business may be adversely affected both within and outside of the directly affected regions. Changes in trade policies, including the imposition of new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs between the U.S., Mexico, Canada, China or other countries, or reactionary measures in response thereto, including retaliatory tariffs, legal challenges, or currency manipulation, could adversely affect the market conditions in which we operate. These factors may affect the level and volatility of credit and securities prices and the liquidity and value of fund investments, and we, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies may not be able to successfully manage our exposure to these conditions. In addition, numerous structural dynamics and persistent market trends have exacerbated volatility and market uncertainty. Concerns over significant volatility in the commodities markets, sluggish economic expansion in foreign economies, including continued concerns over growth prospects in China and emerging markets, growing debt loads for certain countries, uncertainty about the consequences of the U.S. and other governments withdrawing monetary stimulus measures, government agency closures, prolonged government shutdowns and speculation about a possible recession all highlight the fact that economic conditions remain unpredictable and volatile. U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns or a recession in the U.S. In recent periods, geopolitical tensions, including between the U.S. and China, have escalated. Further escalation of such tensions and the related imposition of sanctions or other trade barriers may negatively impact the rate of global growth, particularly in China, where growth has slowed. Moreover, there is a risk of both sector-specific and broad-based volatility, corrections and/or downturns in the commodities, equity and credit markets. Any of the foregoing could have a significant impact on the markets in which we operate and a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. Further, while weak economic environments have often provided attractive investment opportunities and strong relative investment performance, we tend to realize value from our investments in times of economic expansion, when opportunities to sell investments may be greater. Thus, we depend on the cyclicality of the market to sustain our businesses and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns over extended periods. A number of factors have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on credit markets in particular. The weakness and the uncertainty regarding the stability of the oil and gas markets resulted in a tightening of credit across multiple sectors. In addition, the Federal Reserve decreased the federal funds rate multiple times in 2025. Changes in and uncertainty surrounding interest rates may have a material effect on our business, particularly with respect to the cost and availability of financing for significant acquisition and disposition transactions. Moreover, many economies outside of the U.S. continue to experience weakness, tighter credit conditions and a decreased availability of foreign capital. Since credit represents a significant portion of our business and ongoing strategy, any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects and financial condition. These and other conditions in the global financial markets and the global economy may result in adverse consequences for us and our funds, each of which could adversely affect the business of such funds, restrict such funds’ investment activities, impede such funds’ ability to effectively achieve their investment objectives and result in lower returns than we anticipated at the time certain of our investments were made. More specifically, these economic conditions could adversely affect our operating results by causing: • decreases in the market value of securities, debt instruments or investments held by some of our funds; • illiquidity in the market, which could adversely affect transaction volumes and the pace of realization of our funds’ investments or otherwise restrict the ability of our funds to realize value from their investments, thereby adversely affecting our ability to generate performance or other income; • our assets under management to decrease, thereby lowering a portion of our management fees payable by our funds to the extent they are based on market values; and • increases in costs or reduced availability of financial instruments that finance our funds. 38 Table of Contents During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns (which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies), companies in which we and our funds invest may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, credit rating downgrades, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs. During such periods, these companies may also have difficulty in expanding their businesses and operations and be unable to meet their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us and our funds. In particular, while diversification is generally an objective of our funds, there can be no assurance as to the degree of diversification, if any, that will be achieved in any fund investments. Difficult market conditions or volatility or slowdowns affecting a particular asset class, geographic region, industry or other category of investment could have a significant adverse impact on a fund if its investments are concentrated in that area, which would result in lower investment returns. This lack of diversification may expose a fund to losses disproportionate to market declines in general if there are disproportionately greater adverse price movements in the particular investments. Negative financial results in our funds’ portfolio companies may reduce the value of their portfolio companies, the net asset value of our funds and the investment returns for our funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flow. In addition, such conditions would increase the risk of default with respect to credit-oriented or debt investments. Our funds may be adversely affected by reduced opportunities to exit and realize value from their investments, by lower than expected returns on investments made prior to the deterioration of the credit markets and by our inability to find suitable investments for the funds to effectively deploy capital, which could adversely affect our ability to raise new funds and thus adversely impact our prospects for future growth. Our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from investors. If we were unable to raise such capital, we would be unable to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments, which would materially reduce our revenues and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to raise capital from investors depends on a number of factors, including many that are outside our control. Investors may downsize their investment allocations to alternative asset managers to rebalance a disproportionate weighting of their overall investment portfolio among asset classes. If the value of an investor’s portfolio decreases as a whole, the amount available to allocate to alternative investments could decline. Further, investors often evaluate the amount of distributions they have received from existing funds when considering commitments to new funds. Poor performance of our funds, or regulatory or tax constraints, could also make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Our investors and potential investors continually assess our funds’ performance independently and relative to market benchmarks and our competitors, which affects our ability to raise capital for existing and future funds. If economic and market conditions deteriorate or continue to be volatile, investors may delay making new commitments to funds and/or we may be unable to raise sufficient amounts of capital to support the investment activities of future funds. We may not be able to find suitable investments for the funds to effectively deploy capital, which could reduce our revenues and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition as well as our ability to raise new funds and our prospects for future growth. In addition, certain investors have implemented or may implement restrictions against investing in certain types of asset classes, such as fossil fuels, which would affect our ability to raise new funds focused on those asset classes. If we were unable to successfully raise capital, our revenue and cash flow would be reduced, and our financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, while our senior professionals have committed substantial capital to our funds, commitments from new investors may depend on the commitments made by our senior professionals to new funds and there can be no assurance that there will be further commitments to our funds by these individuals, and any future investments by them in our funds or other alternative investment categories will likely depend on the performance of our funds, the performance of their overall investment portfolios and other investment opportunities available to them. We depend on our executive officers, senior professionals and other key personnel, and our ability to retain them and attract additional qualified personnel is critical to our success and our growth prospects. We depend on the diligence, skill, judgment, business contacts and personal reputations of our executive officers, senior professionals and other key personnel. Our future success will depend upon our ability to retain our senior professionals and other key personnel and our ability to recruit additional qualified personnel. These individuals possess substantial experience and expertise in investing, are responsible for locating and executing our funds’ investments, have significant relationships with the institutions that are the source of many of our funds’ investment opportunities and, in certain cases, have strong relationships with our investors. Therefore, if any of our senior professionals or other key personnel depart and join competitors or form competing companies, it could result in the loss of significant investment opportunities, limit our ability to raise capital from certain existing investors or result in the loss of certain existing investors. There is no guarantee that the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which certain of our senior professionals and other key personnel are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. Such agreements also expire after a certain period of time, at which point such senior personnel would be free to compete against us and solicit our clients and employees. In addition, there is no assurance that such agreements will be enforceable in all cases, particularly as U.S. states and/or federal agencies enact legislation or adopt rules aimed at effectively prohibiting non-competition agreements. 39 Table of Contents The departure or bad acts of any of our senior professionals, or a significant number of our other investment professionals, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives, cause certain of our investors to withdraw capital they invest with us or elect not to commit additional capital to our funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and our prospects. Turnover and associated costs of rehiring, the loss of human capital through attrition and the reduced ability to attract talent could impair our ability to implement our growth strategy and maintain our standards of excellence. Competition for qualified, motivated, and highly-skilled executives, professionals and other key personnel in investment management firms is significant, both in the U.S. and internationally, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or we may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. Further the departure of some or all of those individuals could also trigger certain “key person” provisions in the documentation governing certain of our funds, which would permit the investors in those funds to suspend or terminate such funds’ investment periods or, in the case of certain funds, permit investors to withdraw their capital prior to expiration of the applicable lock-up date. We do not carry any “key person” insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our senior professionals, and we do not have a policy that prohibits our senior professionals from traveling together. See “—Risks Related to Regulation—Employee misconduct and failure to comply with applicable laws, obligations and standards could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain investors and subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm.” Our efforts to retain and attract investment professionals may also result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability or result in an increase in the portion of our carried interest and incentive fees that we grant to our investment professionals. Additionally, we expect expenses related to equity-based compensation to increase in the future as we grant equity-based awards to attract, retain and compensate employees. Our failure to appropriately address conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses. As we expand the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our and our funds’ investment activities. These conflicts are most likely to arise between or among our funds or between one or more funds across our Credit, Real Assets, Secondaries and Private Equity Groups, and other businesses including any investment vehicles that we sponsor. These conflicts of interest include: • we and certain of our funds may have overlapping investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures, and potential conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities. For example, a decision to receive material non-public information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity may give rise to a potential conflict of interest if it results in our having to restrict any fund or other part of our business from trading in the securities of such company; • we may allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for Ares and/or multiple funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine, such as differences with respect to available capital, the size of a fund, minimum investment amounts and remaining life of a fund, differences in investment objectives or current investment strategies, such as objectives or strategies, differences in risk profile at the time an opportunity becomes available, the potential transaction and other costs of allocating an opportunity among various funds, potential conflicts of interest, including whether multiple funds have an existing investment in the security in question or the issuer of such security, the nature of the security or the transaction including the size of investment opportunity, minimum investment amounts and the source of the opportunity, current and anticipated market and general economic conditions, existing positions in an issuer/security, prior positions in an issuer/security and other considerations deemed relevant to us; • our funds may acquire positions in a single portfolio company, for example, where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest; • our funds may invest in different parts of the capital structure of a company in which one or more of our other funds also invests. For example, one or more funds may invest in a controlling or other equity interest issued by a portfolio company in which a different fund holds debt securities. Additionally, in connection with an investment we may create multiple tranches of a capital structure and our funds may be allocated investments in these tranches on terms established by us. The interests of our funds may not always be aligned, which may give rise to actual or potential conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest. Further, a direct conflict of interest could arise between the security holders if such a company were to become distressed or develop insolvency concerns. Actions taken for one or more of our funds may be adverse to us or other of our funds; • we may transfer (or decide not to transfer) assets owned by us on our balance sheet or otherwise provide financial support to our funds and structured financing vehicles, which could give rise to claims of conflicts of interest, including with respect to the nature of those assets and the method by which they were valued, and subject us to a risk 40 Table of Contents of loss equal to the value of any financial support in the event that these structured financing vehicles or the underlying financial interests do not meet stated performance thresholds; • our affiliates or portfolio companies may be service providers or counterparties to our funds or portfolio companies and receive fees or other compensation for services that are not shared with our fund investors. In such instances, we may be incentivized to cause our funds or portfolio companies to purchase such services from our affiliates or portfolio companies rather than an unaffiliated service provider despite the fact that a third-party service provider could potentially provide higher quality services or offer them at a lower cost; • funds in one group could be restricted from selling their positions in such companies for extended periods because investment professionals in another group sit on the boards of such companies or because another part of the firm has received private information; • certain funds in different groups may invest alongside each other in the same security. For example, our BDCs and the other registered closed-end management investment companies managed by us are permitted to co-invest in portfolio companies with each other and with other affiliated investment entities pursuant to an SEC order (the “Co-Investment Exemptive Order”), subject to compliance with certain conditions and other requirements. The different investment objectives or terms of such funds may result in a potential conflict of interest, including in connection with the allocation of investments between the funds made pursuant to the Co-Investment Exemptive Order; • conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our investments (which can affect fees and carried interest) and regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities among us and our funds and the allocation of fees and costs among us, our funds and their portfolio companies; and • fund investors may perceive conflicts of interest regarding investment decisions for funds in which our investment professionals, who have made and may continue to make significant personal investments, are personally invested. Though we believe we have appropriate means and oversight to resolve these conflicts, our judgment on any particular allocation could be challenged. While we have developed general guidelines regarding when two or more funds can invest in different parts of the same company’s capital structure and created a process that we employ to handle such conflicts if they arise, our decision to permit the investments to occur in the first instance or our judgment on how to minimize the conflict could be challenged. Further, our employees, including our senior professionals, may make investments or have outside business activities which may conflict with investments made by our funds or prevent our funds from investing in an opportunity. If we fail to appropriately address any such conflicts, it could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds and the willingness of counterparties to do business with us or result in potential litigation or regulatory action against us, which may adversely impact our business. Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of co-investment opportunities. As a general matter, our allocation of co-investment opportunities is entirely within our discretion and there can be no assurance that co-investments of any particular type or amount will be allocated to any of our funds or investors. There can be no assurance that co-investments will become available and we will take into account a variety of factors and considerati

=== ARES_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which is accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are not the only risks facing us. These risks and additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds We did not sell any equity securities during the period covered in this report that were not registered under the Securities Act. All unregistered purchases of equity securities during the period covered by this Quarterly Report were previously disclosed in our current reports on Form 8-K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. As permitted by our policies and procedures governing transactions in our securities by our directors, executive officers and other employees, from time to time some of these persons may establish plans or arrangements complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, and similar plans and arrangements relating to our Class A common stock. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement”, as such term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 96 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following is a list of all exhibits filed or furnished as part of this report: Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ares Management Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-36429) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021). 3.2 Bylaws of Ares Management Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36429) filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018). 3.3 Certificate of Designations of 6.75% Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36429) filed with the SEC on October 10, 2024). 10.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Tax Receivable Agreement, dated February 24, 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (File No. 001-36429) filed with the SEC on February 25, 2026). 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2026, by and among Ares Holdings L.P., the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36429) filed with the SEC on March 31, 2026). 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 32.1** Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. * Filed herewith. ** These certifications are not deemed filed by the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 97 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ARES MANAGEMENT CORPORATION Dated: May 8, 2026 By: /s/ Michael J Arougheti Name: Michael J Arougheti Title: Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: May 8, 2026 By: /s/ Jarrod Phillips Name: Jarrod Phillips Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer) 98 