=== UHS_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, and below in Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors and as included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section generally discusses our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. For discussion of our results of operations and changes in our financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2025. Overview Our principal business is owning and operating, through our subsidiaries, acute care hospitals and outpatient facilities and behavioral health care facilities. As of February 25, 2026, we owned and/or operated 375 inpatient facilities and 168 outpatient and other facilities located in 40 states, Washington, D.C., the United Kingdom and Puerto Rico. We have changed the method of our outpatient behavioral health care facility counts during the third quarter of 2025 and substantially all of the increase from prior periods is related to that change in convention. Acute care facilities located in the U.S.: 29 inpatient acute care hospitals; 35 free-standing emergency departments, and; 13 outpatient centers 1 surgical hospital. Behavioral health care facilities (346 inpatient facilities and 119 outpatient facilities): Located in the U.S.: 182 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and; 110 outpatient behavioral health care facilities. Located in the U.K.: 161 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and; 2 outpatient behavioral health care facilities. Located in Puerto Rico: 3 inpatient behavioral health care facilities; 7 outpatient behavioral health care facilities. Net revenues from our acute care hospitals, outpatient facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for approximately 57% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2025 and 2024. Net revenues from our behavioral health care facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for approximately 43% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2025 and 2024. Our behavioral health care facilities located in the U.K. generated net revenues of approximately $1.001 billion in 2025 and $880 million in 2024. Total assets at our U.K. behavioral health care facilities were approximately $1.531 billion as of December 31, 2025 and $1.358 billion as of December 31, 2024. Services provided by our hospitals include general and specialty surgery, internal medicine, obstetrics, emergency room care, radiology, oncology, diagnostic care, coronary care, pediatric services, pharmacy services and/or behavioral health services. We provide capital resources as well as a variety of management services to our facilities, including central purchasing, information services, finance and control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment services, administrative personnel management, marketing and public relations. Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors You should carefully review the information contained in this Annual Report, and should particularly consider any risk factors that we set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In this Annual Report, we state our beliefs of 40 future events and of our future financial performance. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current estimates, expectations and projections about our future results, performance, prospects and opportunities. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, the information concerning our possible future results of operations, business and growth strategies, financing plans, expectations that regulatory developments or other matters will or will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, our competitive position and the effects of competition, the projected growth of the industry in which we operate, and the benefits and synergies to be obtained from our completed and any future acquisitions, and statements of our goals and objectives, and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Words such as may, will, should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates, appears, projects and similar expressions, or the negative of those words and expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. In evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks related to healthcare industry trends and those set forth herein in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Those factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any of our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking information is based on information available at the time and/or our good faith belief with respect to future events, and is subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Many factors, including those set forth herein in Item 1A. Risk Factors , and other important factors disclosed in this report, and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC, could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Such factors include, among other things, the following: as discussed below in Sources of Revenue, we receive revenues from various state and county-based programs, including Medicaid in all the states in which we operate. We receive annual Medicaid revenues of approximately $100 million, or greater, from each of Texas, California, Nevada, Washington, D.C., Illinois, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Florida, Tennessee, Virginia, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi and Washington. Most of these programs are approved on a year-to-year basis and there is no assurance that these revenues will continue at their current rates or at all. We are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in Medicaid and other state-based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states; legislation adopted on July 4, 2025 (the One Big Beautiful Bill Act), attaches work and community service requirements to eligibility for Medicaid benefits that will have the effect of limiting Medicaid enrollment and expenditure. That legislation also places limits on provider fees used to increase federal Medicaid funding to states. The legislation prohibits states not previously having expanded Medicaid eligibility to 138% of federal poverty level from increasing the rate of current provider fees which fund certain state supplemental payments or increasing the base of the fee to a class or items of services that the fee did not previously cover. That current provider fee threshold will remain at 6%. For states having expanded Medicaid eligibility under the legislation, the provider fee threshold will be reduced by 0.5% annually between federal fiscal years 2028 and 2032 with the resulting threshold ultimately becoming 3.5%. Under current law, and based on our current expectations, we estimate that, commencing with the 2028 state fiscal years, our aggregate annual net benefit will be reduced, on an annually increasing and relatively pro rata basis, by approximately $432 million to $480 million by 2032. The legislation also eliminates certain insurance exchange premium tax credits beyond 2025 and exchange enrollment is expected to be adversely impacted. On January 8, 2026, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R.1834 to extend for three years the enhanced premium tax credits ("EPTCs") that expired on December 31, 2025, which is currently undergoing review in the Senate. We cannot predict whether these subsidies will ultimately be adopted in federal fiscal year 2026. All of these factors, which could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, may be expected to reduce our revenue and likely increase the level of uncompensated care provided by our facilities; there are additional legislative changes that are likely to result in major changes in the health care delivery system on a national or state level, including changes in the structure and administration of, and funding for, federal and state agencies and programs. For example, Congress has reduced to $0 the penalty for failing to maintain health coverage that was part of the original Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA") as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Biden administration had issued executive orders implementing a special enrollment period permitting individuals to enroll in health plans outside of the annual open enrollment period and reexamining policies that may undermine the ACA or the Medicaid program. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) was passed on August 16, 2022, which among other things, allows for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. The American Rescue Plan Act s expansion of subsidies to purchase coverage through an ACA exchange, which the IRA continued through 2025, has increased exchange enrollment. These enhanced subsidies expired on December 31, 2025; there have been numerous political and legal efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the ACA since its enactment, some of which have been successful, in part, in modifying the ACA, as well as court challenges to the constitutionality of 41 the legislation. The U.S. Supreme Court held in California v. Texas that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the legislation s requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage, or the individual mandate. The Court dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. The legislation faced its most recent challenge when the Supreme Court, in the June 2025 Kennedy v. Braidwood Management decision, opined in favor of ACA HIV preventive care coverage. The impacts of this decision cannot be predicted. Any future efforts to challenge, replace or replace the ACA or expand or substantially amend its provision is unknown. See below in Sources of Revenues and Health Care Reform for additional disclosure; additional possible unfavorable changes in the levels and terms of reimbursement for our charges by third party payers or government based payers, including Medicare or Medicaid in the United States, and government based payers in the United Kingdom; the healthcare industry is labor intensive and salaries, wages and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supplies expense and other operating expenses. In the past, staffing shortages have, at times, required us to hire expensive temporary personnel and/or enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel. At certain facilities, particularly within our behavioral health care segment, there have been occasions when we were unable to fill all vacant positions and, consequently, we were required to limit patient volumes. Additionally, California is in the process of implementing staffing standards specific to acute psychiatric hospitals and requirements to determine appropriate staffing based on patient acuity and care needs, which are expected to take effect on June 1, 2026. This can further increase our costs and limit our revenue if we are required to limit the number of patients at our California facilities; we have experienced inflationary pressures, primarily in personnel costs, although those pressures have moderated more recently. The extent of any future impacts from inflation on our business and our results of operations will be dependent upon how long the elevated inflation levels persist and the extent to which the rate of inflation further increases, if at all, neither of which we are able to predict. If elevated levels of inflation were to persist or if the rate of inflation were to accelerate, our expenses could increase faster than anticipated and we may utilize our capital resources sooner than expected. Further, given the complexities of the reimbursement landscape in which we operate, our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to Medicare and Medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws, which in certain circumstances, limit our ability to increase prices; in our acute care segment, we have experienced a significant increase in hospital based physician related expenses, especially in the areas of emergency room care, anesthesiology and radiology. We have implemented various initiatives to mitigate the increased expense, to the degree possible, which has moderated the rate of increase. However, significant increases in these physician related expenses could have a material unfavorable impact on our future results of operations; the increase in interest rates during the past few years has increased our interest expense significantly increasing our expenses and reducing our free cash flow and our ability to access the capital markets on favorable terms. As such, the effects of increased borrowing rates have adversely impacted our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict future changes to interest rates, however, significant increases in our borrowing rates could have a material unfavorable impact on our future results of operations. Our $700 million, 1.65% senior notes ("2026 Notes") mature on September 1, 2026. Market interest rates have increased significantly since the 2026 Notes were issued in 2021. We expect that we will refinance the 2026 Notes at significantly higher interest rates which will significantly increase our interest expense thereby decreasing our net income attributable to UHS; significant tariffs or other restrictions, if imposed on our imported pharmaceutical ingredients, medical devices, medical equipment and their ingredients and components, could escalate costs of medications, medical devices and medical equipment and disrupt our supply chains. While we continue to evaluate the potential impact of the new tariffs on our business, given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of any new tariffs, as well as the potential for additional tariffs or trade barriers by the U.S. and the impacted foreign countries, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. Therefore, changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular, increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from where our products or materials are made (either directly or through our suppliers) could have an impact on our competitive position, business operations and financial results; as of early February 2026, Congress has passed and the President has signed a consolidated appropriations package providing fiscal year 2026 funding for the majority of federal agencies, while lawmakers continue to negotiate and consider outstanding appropriations legislation for the Department of Homeland Security. In the past several years political disputes concerning authorization of a federal budget have led to shutdown of substantial portions of the federal government and other federal budget authorization delays have occurred. Federal budget delays and federal government shutdowns are unpredictable and may occur in the future. We cannot predict whether or not there will be future appropriations legislation avoiding a federal government shutdown, however, our operating cash flows and results of operations could be materially unfavorably impacted by the federal government shutdown; 42 as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 (the "CAA"), Congress passed legislation aimed at preventing or limiting patient balance billing in certain circumstances. The CAA addresses surprise medical bills stemming from emergency services, out-of-network ancillary providers at in-network facilities, and air ambulance carriers. The CAA prohibits surprise billing when out-of-network emergency services or out-of-network services at an in-network facility are provided, unless informed consent is received. In these circumstances providers are prohibited from billing the patient for any amounts that exceed in-network cost-sharing requirements. HHS, the Department of Labor and the Department of the Treasury have issued rules to implement the legislation. The rules have limited the ability of our hospital-based physicians to receive payments for services at usually higher out-of-network rates in certain circumstances, and, as a result, have caused us to increase subsidies to these physicians or to replace their services at a higher cost; in June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in Loper Bright Enters. v. Raimondo and Relentless, Inc. v. Department of Commerce , which modified the regulatory interpretation standard established 40 years ago by Chevron v. National Resources Defense Council . Chevron doctrine generally required courts to defer to federal agencies in their interpretation of federal statutes when a statute was silent or ambiguous with respect to a specific issue. In Loper Bright , the Supreme Court held that courts are no longer required to grant such deference, though they may consider an agency s statutory interpretation. As it is highly regulated, the health care industry could be significantly impacted by the Loper Bright decision, particularly in the areas of Medicare reimbursement, decision making by the Food Drug Administration and health care fraud and abuse compliance, where parties may no longer be able to rely on federal agencies policies, rules and guidance; our ability to enter into managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the ability of our competitors to do the same; the impact of a shift of care from inpatient to lower cost outpatient settings and controls designed to reduce inpatient services; our ability to achieve operating and financial targets, develop and execute plans to offset to the extent possible impacts from the recent regulatory changes, including the enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act and the expiration of EPTCs, and tariffs, attain expected levels of patient volumes and revenues, and control the costs of providing services; the outcome of known and unknown litigation, government investigations, inquiries, false claims act allegations, and liabilities and other claims asserted against us and other matters, and the effects of adverse publicity relating to such matters, as disclosed in Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Commitments and Contingencies, including, but not limited to, the jury verdict returned against Cumberland Hospital for Children and Adolescents located in New Kent, Virginia, an indirect subsidiary of ours, and the verdict in the Pinnacle litigation in Washoe County, Nevada, against certain subsidiaries of ours; effective March, 2025, our excess commercial insurance coverage for professional and general liability claims contains less favorable terms than previous years including coverage exclusions for incidents involving sexual molestation or abuse, higher premiums and lower aggregate limitations; competition from other healthcare providers (including physician owned facilities) in certain markets; technological and pharmaceutical improvements that increase the cost of providing, or reduce the demand for healthcare; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals and the impact on our labor and related expenses resulting from a shortage of nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals; demographic changes; there is a heightened risk of future cybersecurity threats, including ransomware attacks targeting healthcare providers. If successful, future cyberattacks could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any costs that we incur as a result of a data security incident or breach, including costs to update our security protocols to mitigate such an incident or breach could be significant. Any breach or failure in our operational security systems, or any third-party security systems that we rely on, can result in loss of data or an unauthorized disclosure of or access to sensitive or confidential member or protected personal or health information and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, significant penalties or fines, litigation, loss of customers, significant damage to our reputation and business, and other liability or losses. We may also incur additional costs related to cybersecurity risk management and remediation. There can be no assurance that we or our service providers, if applicable, will not suffer losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches in the future or that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover all the costs resulting from such events; our ability to implement technology and other programs to drive efficiencies, and improve patient outcomes and experiences, and the risks associated with the use of technologies by us or our services providers; 43 the availability of suitable acquisition and divestiture opportunities and our ability to successfully integrate and improve our acquisitions since failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits from certain of our prior or future acquisitions could result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangibles; the impact of severe weather conditions, including the effects of hurricanes, flash floods, wildfires and climate change; our ability to continue to obtain capital on acceptable terms, including borrowed funds, to fund the future growth of our business; our inpatient acute care and behavioral health care facilities may experience decreasing admission and length of stay trends; our financial statements reflect large amounts due from various commercial and private payers and there can be no assurance that failure of the payers to remit amounts due to us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations; the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the 2011 Act ) imposed annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the Congressional Budget Office. Among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan Congressional committee, known as the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction (the Joint Committee ), which was tasked with making recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. The Joint Committee was unable to reach an agreement by the November 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and Medicare spending were implemented on March 1, 2013 resulting in Medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year with a uniform percentage reduction across all Medicare programs. Current legislation has extended these reductions through 2032. We cannot predict whether Congress will restructure the implemented Medicare payment reductions or what other federal budget deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by Congress going forward; uninsured and self-pay patients treated at our facilities unfavorably impact our ability to satisfactorily and timely collect our self-pay patient accounts; changes in our business strategies or development plans; we have exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the pound sterling. We have international subsidiaries that operate in the United Kingdom. We routinely hedge our exposures to foreign currencies with certain financial institutions in an effort to minimize the impact of certain currency exchange rate fluctuations, but these hedges may be inadequate to protect us from currency exchange rate fluctuations. To the extent that these hedges are inadequate, our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if a financial counterparty to our hedges experiences financial difficulties or is otherwise unable to honor the terms of the foreign currency hedge, we may experience material financial losses, and; other factors referenced herein or in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Given these uncertainties, risks and assumptions, as outlined above, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Our actual results and financial condition could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except as may be required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. A summary of our significant accounting policies is outlined in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements . We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require us to make significant judgments and estimates when we prepare our financial statements, including the following: Revenue Recognition: Patient services provided in the U.S.: We report net patient service revenue at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients and third-party payers and others for services rendered. We have agreements with third-party payers that provide for payments to us at amounts different from our established rates. Payment arrangements include rates per discharge, reimbursed costs, discounted charges and per diem payments. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care plans, which represent explicit 44 price concessions, are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. We closely monitor our historical collection rates, as well as changes in applicable laws, rules and regulations and contract terms, to assure that provisions are made using the most accurate information available. However, due to the complexities involved in these estimations, actual payments from payers may be different from the amounts we estimate and record. We estimate our Medicare and Medicaid revenues using the latest available financial information, patient utilization data, government provided data and in accordance with applicable Medicare and Medicaid payment rules and regulations. The laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are extremely complex and subject to interpretation. Certain types of payments by the Medicare program and state Medicaid programs (e.g. Medicaid State Directed Payments, Medicare Disproportionate Share Hospital, Medicare Allowable Bad Debts and Inpatient Psychiatric Services) are subject to retroactive adjustment in future periods as a result of administrative review and audit and our estimates may vary from the final settlements. The funding of both federal Medicare and state Medicaid programs are subject to legislative and regulatory changes. As such, we cannot provide any assurance that future legislation and regulations, if enacted, will not have a material impact on our future Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements. Behavioral health care services provided in the U.K.: The majority of the revenues generated by our behavioral health care facilities located in the U.K. are recorded pursuant to contracts with the National Health Service and other local governments for services including the following: behavioral health care services, rehabilitation services, residential homes, nursing homes, supported living services and specialist day services. Commercial health insurer - certain acute care markets: The majority of the revenues generated by our commercial health insurer conducting business in certain acute care markets relate to Medicare Advantage premiums which are determined by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") utilizing a risk adjustment model that apportions premiums paid to health plans according to health and geographic factors. Risk score adjustments result in retroactive premium adjustments. The revenue adjustments are recognized when the amount is determinable and collectability or liability is reasonably assured. CMS also uses a star rating system which is derived from comprehensive evaluations of member satisfaction, quality of care and operational efficiency. In addition, our insurer also generates revenues from premiums for coverage under membership contracts with employer groups and individuals. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements-Revenue Recognition , for additional disclosure related to our revenues including a disaggregation of our consolidated net revenues by major source for each of the periods presented herein. Charity Care, Uninsured Discounts and Other Adjustments to Revenue: Collection of receivables from third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. Our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill which is the patient s responsibility, primarily co-payments and deductibles. We estimate our revenue adjustments for implicit price concessions based on general factors such as payer mix, the aging of the receivables and historical collection experience. We routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions which might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. At our acute care hospitals, third party liability accounts are pursued until all payment and adjustments are posted to the patient account. For those accounts with a patient balance after third party liability is finalized or accounts for uninsured patients, the patient receives statements and collection letters. Historically, a significant portion of the patients treated throughout our portfolio of acute care hospitals are uninsured patients which, in part, has resulted from patients who are employed but do not have health insurance or who have policies with relatively high deductibles. Patients treated at our hospitals for non-elective services, who have gross income of various amounts, dependent upon the state, ranging from 200% to 400% of the federal poverty guidelines, are deemed eligible for charity care. The federal poverty guidelines are established by the federal government and are based on income and family size. Because we do not pursue collection of amounts that qualify as charity care, the transaction price is fully adjusted and there is no impact in our net revenues or in our accounts receivable, net. A portion of the accounts receivable at our acute care facilities are comprised of Medicaid accounts that are pending approval from third-party payers but we also have smaller amounts due from other miscellaneous payers such as county indigent programs in certain states. Our patient registration process includes an interview of the patient or the patient s responsible party at the time of registration. At that time, an insurance eligibility determination is made and an insurance plan code is assigned. There are various pre-established insurance profiles in our patient accounting system which determine the expected insurance reimbursement for each patient based on the insurance plan code assigned and the services rendered. Certain patients may be classified as Medicaid pending at registration based upon a screening evaluation if we are unable to definitively determine if they are currently Medicaid eligible. When a patient is registered as Medicaid eligible or Medicaid pending, our patient accounting system records net revenues for services provided to that patient based upon the established Medicaid reimbursement rates, subject to the ultimate disposition of the patient s Medicaid eligibility. When the patient s ultimate eligibility is determined, reclassifications may occur which impacts net revenues in future periods. Although the patient s ultimate eligibility determination may result in adjustments to net revenues, these adjustments did not have a material impact on our results of operations in 2025 or 2024 since our facilities make estimates at each financial reporting period to adjust revenue based on historical collections. 45 We also provide discounts to uninsured patients (included in uninsured discounts amounts below) who do not qualify for Medicaid or charity care. Because we do not pursue collection of amounts classified as uninsured discounts, the transaction price is fully adjusted and there is no impact in our net revenues or in our net accounts receivable. In implementing the discount policy, we first attempt to qualify uninsured patients for governmental programs, charity care or any other discount program. If an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied. Uncompensated care (charity care and uninsured discounts): The following table shows the amounts recorded at our acute care hospitals for charity care and uninsured discounts, based on charges at established rates, for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: (dollar amounts in thousands) 2025 2024 Amount % Amount % Charity care $ 984,235 25 % $ 819,681 23 % Uninsured discounts 2,964,840 75 % 2,677,026 77 % Total uncompensated care $ 3,949,075 100 % $ 3,496,707 100 % The estimated cost of providing uncompensated care: The estimated cost of providing uncompensated care, as reflected below, were based on a calculation which multiplied the percentage of operating expenses for our acute care hospitals to gross charges for those hospitals by the above-mentioned total uncompensated care amounts. The percentage of cost to gross charges is calculated based on the total operating expenses for our acute care facilities divided by gross patient service revenue for those facilities. An increase in the level of uninsured patients to our facilities and the resulting adverse trends in the adjustments to net revenues and uncompensated care provided could have a material unfavorable impact on our future operating results. (amounts in thousands) 2025 2024 Estimated cost of providing charity care $ 87,756 $ 75,227 Estimated cost of providing uninsured discounts 264,349 245,687 Estimated cost of providing uncompensated care $ 352,105 $ 320,914 Self-Insured/Other Insurance Risks: We provide for self-insured risks, primarily general and professional liability claims, workers compensation claims and healthcare and dental claims. Our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts and jury verdicts, estimates of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies. All relevant information, including our own historical experience is used in estimating the expected amount of claims. While we continuously monitor these factors, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates due to inherent uncertainties involved in making this estimate. Our estimated self-insured reserves are reviewed and changed, if necessary, at each reporting date and changes are recognized currently as additional expense or as a reduction of expense. In addition, we also: (i) own commercial health insurers headquartered in Nevada and Puerto Rico, and; (ii) maintain self-insured employee benefits programs for employee healthcare and dental claims. The ultimate costs related to these programs/operations include expenses for claims incurred and paid in addition to an accrual for the estimated expenses incurred in connection with claims incurred but not yet reported. Given our significant insurance-related exposure, there can be no assurance that a sharp increase in the number and/or severity of claims asserted against us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements-Commitments and Contingencies for additional disclosure related to our self-insured general and professional liability and workers compensation liability. Long-Lived Assets: We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on our ability to recover the carrying value of our asset based on our estimate of its undiscounted future cash flow. If the analysis indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable from future cash flows, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. Fair values are determined based on estimated future cash flows using appropriate discount rates. Goodwill and Intangible Assets: Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or more often if indicators of impairment arise. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance of each reporting unit. We have designated October 1 st as our annual impairment assessment date for our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 46 We performed an impairment assessment as of October 1, 2025 which indicated no impairment of goodwill. There was no goodwill impairment during 2024. Future changes in the estimates used to conduct the impairment review, including profitability and market value projections, could indicate impairment in future periods potentially resulting in a write-off of a portion or all of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets. Non-Marketable Securities: Non-marketable securities that we hold are accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of the transaction date and are recorded in other (income) expense, net. We recorded an unrealized pre-tax gain of $93 million during the year ended December 31, 2025. Income Taxes: Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the amount of taxes payable or deductible in future years as a result of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. We believe that future income will enable us to realize our deferred tax assets net of recorded valuation allowances relating to state and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards, tax credits, and interest deduction limitations. We operate in multiple jurisdictions with varying tax laws. We are subject to audits by any of these taxing authorities. We believe that adequate accruals have been provided for federal, foreign and state taxes. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements-Income Taxes for additional disclosure of our effective tax rates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements, please see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements-Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Standards as included in this Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Results of Operations Clinical Staffing, Inflation, future Medicaid reductions and Tariffs: The healthcare industry is labor intensive and salaries, wages and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supplies expense and other operating expenses. In the past, staffing shortages have, at times, required us to hire expensive temporary personnel and/or enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel. At certain facilities, particularly within our behavioral health care segment, there have been occasions when we were unable to fill all vacant positions and, consequently, we were required to limit patient volumes. We have also experienced general inflationary cost increases related to certain of our other operating expenses. Many of these factors, which had a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations in prior years, have moderated more recently. However, we cannot predict future inflationary increases, which if significant, could have a material unfavorable impact on our future results of operations. We have experienced inflationary pressures, primarily in personnel costs, although those pressures have moderated more recently. The extent of any future impacts from inflation on our business and our results of operations will be dependent upon how long the elevated inflation levels persist and the extent to which the rate of inflation further increases, if at all, neither of which we are able to predict. If elevated levels of inflation were to persist or if the rate of inflation were to accelerate, our expenses could increase faster than anticipated and we may utilize our capital resources sooner than expected. Further, given the complexities of the reimbursement landscape in which we operate, our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to Medicare and Medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws, which in certain circumstances, limit our ability to increase prices. Legislation adopted on July 4, 2025 attaches work and community service requirements to eligibility for Medicaid benefits that will have the effect of limiting Medicaid enrollment and expenditures and the legislation also places limits on provider taxes used to increase federal Medicaid funding to states. In addition, insurance exchange subsidies expired on December 31, 2025 which could unfavorably impact insurance exchange enrollment. Extension of these subsidies is currently the subject of Congressional debate as part of the federal budget negotiation, and we cannot predict whether these subsidies will ultimately be adopted in federal fiscal year 2026. As these provisions become effective over the next several years, they may be expected to reduce our revenues and likely increase the level of uncompensated care provided by our facilities. Please see Sources of Revenue below for additional disclosure related to Medicaid supplemental payment programs in various states in which we operate. Significant tariffs or other restrictions, if imposed on our imported pharmaceutical ingredients, medical devices, medical equipment and their ingredients and components, could escalate costs of medications, medical devices and medical equipment and disrupt our supply chains. While we continue to evaluate the potential impact of the new tariffs on our business, given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of any new tariffs, as well as the potential for additional tariffs or trade barriers by the U.S. and the impacted foreign countries, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. Therefore, changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular, 47 increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from where our products or materials are made (either directly or through our suppliers) could have an impact on our competitive position, business operations and financial results. Although our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to Medicare and Medicaid patients is limited, as discussed above, we have been requesting and negotiating increased rates from commercial insurers to defray our increased cost of providing patient care. In addition, we have implemented various productivity enhancement programs and cost reduction initiatives including, but not limited to, the following: team-based patient care initiatives designed to optimize the level of patient care services provided by our licensed nurses/clinicians; efforts to reduce utilization of, and rates paid for, premium pay labor; consolidation of medical supply vendors to increase purchasing discounts; review and reduction of clinical variation in connection with the utilization of medical supplies, and; various other efforts to increase productivity and/or reduce costs including investments in new information technology applications. The following table summarizes our results of operations, and is used in the discussion below, for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 % of Net % of Net Amount Revenues Amount Revenues Net revenues $ 17,364,829 100.0 % $ 15,827,935 100.0 % Operating charges: Salaries, wages and benefits 8,084,582 46.6 % 7,518,687 47.5 % Other operating expenses 4,860,246 28.0 % 4,308,384 27.2 % Supplies expense 1,659,009 9.6 % 1,587,786 10.0 % Depreciation and amortization 618,743 3.6 % 584,831 3.7 % Lease and rental expense 148,234 0.9 % 146,433 0.9 % Subtotal-operating expenses 15,370,814 88.5 % 14,146,121 89.4 % Income from operations 1,994,015 11.5 % 1,681,814 10.6 % Interest expense, net 156,068 0.9 % 186,109 1.2 % Other (income) expense, net (134,194 ) -0.8 % (2,231 ) 0.0 % Income before income taxes 1,972,141 11.4 % 1,497,936 9.5 % Provision for income taxes 460,959 2.7 % 334,827 2.1 % Net income 1,511,182 8.7 % 1,163,109 7.3 % Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 22,386 0.1 % 21,012 0.1 % Net income attributable to UHS $ 1,488,796 8.6 % $ 1,142,097 7.2 % Net revenues increased by 9.7%, or $1.54 billion, to $17.36 billion during 2025 as compared to $15.83 billion during 2024. The increase in net revenues was primarily attributable to: a $1.25 billion or 8.2% increase in net revenues generated from our acute care and behavioral health care operations owned during both periods (which we refer to as Same Facility ), and; $287 million of other combined net increases consisting primarily of the combined net revenues generated during 2025 at two newly constructed acute care hospitals located in Las Vegas, Nevada (West Henderson Hospital which opened during the fourth quarter of 2024) and Washington, D.C. (Cedar Hill Regional Medical Center which opened during the second quarter of 2025). Income before income taxes increased by $474 million, or 32%, to $1.97 billion during 2025 as compared to $1.50 billion during 2024. The increase was attributable to: an increase of $207 million at our acute care facilities, as discussed below in Acute Care Hospital Services ; an increase of $105 million at our behavioral health care facilities, as discussed below in Behavioral Health Services ; an increase of $93 million from an unrealized gain recorded during 2025 in connection with our minority ownership in a healthcare generative artificial intelligence company; an increase of $30 million from a decrease in interest expense, as discussed below in Other Operating Results-Interest Expense; an increase of $16 million from an increase in the market value of certain equity securities that were sold during the fourth quarter of 2025, and; 48 $23 million of other combined net increases. Net income attributable to UHS increased by $347 million, or 30%, to $1.49 billion during 2025 as compared to $1.14 billion during 2024. This increase was attributable to: a $474 million in income before income taxes, as discussed above; a decrease of $1 million due to an increase in the net income/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, and; a decrease of $126 million resulting from an increase in the provision for income taxes resulting primarily from: (i) the increase in the provision for income taxes resulting from the $474 million increase in income before income taxes, and; (ii) a $12 million increase in the provision for income taxes due to a decrease in the net benefit recorded in connection with "ASU 2016-09", Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, net of the impact of executive compensation limitations pursuant to IRC section 162(m). Adjustments to self-insured professional and general liability reserves: Our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts and jury verdicts, estimates of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies. As a result of unfavorable trends experienced during the past few years, our results of operations included increases to our reserves for self-insured professional and general liability claims amounting to $45 million during 2025 and $79 million during 2024. During 2025, approximately $27 million of the reserves increase is included in our Same Facility basis acute care hospitals services results, and approximately $18 million is included in our behavioral health services results. During 2024, approximately $54 million of the reserves increase is included in our Same Facility basis acute care hospitals services results, and approximately $25 million is included in our behavioral health services results. Acute Care Hospital Services The following table sets forth certain operating statistics for our acute care hospital services for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Same Facility Basis All 2025 2024 2025 2024 Average licensed beds 6,830 6,763 7,073 6,763 Average available beds 6,658 6,591 6,901 6,591 Patient days 1,621,440 1,621,966 1,657,502 1,621,966 Average daily census 4,442.3 4,431.6 4,541.1 4,431.6 Occupancy-licensed beds 65.0 % 65.5 % 64.2 % 65.5 % Occupancy-available beds 66.7 % 67.2 % 65.8 % 67.2 % Admissions 339,174 334,918 347,736 334,918 Length of stay 4.8 4.8 4.8 4.8 Acute Care Hospital Services-Same Facility Basis We believe that providing our results on a Same Facility basis (which is a non-GAAP measure), which includes the operating results for facilities and businesses operated in both the current year and prior year periods, is helpful to our investors as a measure of our operating performance. Our Same Facility results also neutralize (if applicable) the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains/losses on sales of assets and businesses, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived and intangible assets and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods. Our Same Facility basis results reflected on the table below also exclude from net revenues and other operating expenses, provider tax assessments incurred in each period as discussed below Sources of Revenue-Summary of Various State Medicaid Supplemental Payment Programs. However, these provider tax assessments are included in net revenues and other operating expenses as reflected in the table below under All Acute Care Hospital Services . The provider tax assessments had no impact on the income before income taxes as reflected on the tables below since the amounts offset between net revenues and other operating expenses. Prior year amounts related to certain facilities previously included in our Behavioral Health Care Services results have been reclassified into our Acute Care Hospital Services' results as of May 1, 2024 to conform with current year presentation. To obtain a complete understanding of our financial performance, the Same Facility results should be examined in connection with our net income as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and as presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 49 The following table summarizes the results of operations for our acute care hospital services on a Same Facility basis and is used in the discussions below for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 % of Net % of Net Amount Revenues Amount Revenues Net revenues $ 9,323,647 100.0 % $ 8,590,209 100.0 % Operating charges: Salaries, wages and benefits 3,687,017 39.5 % 3,518,909 41.0 % Other operating expenses 2,664,397 28.6 % 2,384,758 27.8 % Supplies expense 1,397,254 15.0 % 1,360,652 15.8 % Depreciation and amortization 361,988 3.9 % 367,822 4.3 % Lease and rental expense 100,678 1.1 % 98,777 1.1 % Subtotal-operating expenses 8,211,334 88.1 % 7,730,918 90.0 % Income from operations 1,112,313 11.9 % 859,291 10.0 % Interest (income) expense, net 5,975 0.1 % 6,339 0.1 % Other (income) expense, net (21,163 ) -0.2 % (1,882 ) 0.0 % Income before income taxes $ 1,127,501 12.1 % $ 854,834 10.0 % During 2025, as compared to 2024, net revenues from our acute care hospital services, on a Same Facility basis, increased by $733 million or 8.5%. Income before income taxes (and before income attributable to noncontrolling interests) increased by $273 million, or 32%, amounting to $1.13 billion, or 12.1% of net revenues during 2025, as compared to $855 million, or 10.0% of net revenues during 2024. During 2025, net revenue per adjusted admission increased by 5.4% while net revenue per adjusted patient day increased by 6.8%, as compared to 2024. During 2025, as compared to 2024, inpatient admissions to our acute care hospitals increased by 1.3% while adjusted admissions increased by 1.6%. Patient days at these facilities remained relatively flat and adjusted patient days increased by 0.3% during 2025, as compared to 2024. During each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 4.8 days and the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 67%. Included in our acute care hospital services net revenues during 2025, as compared to 2024 (on a Same Facility basis), was a $176 million, or 32.6%, increase in net revenues generated by our commercial health insurer (due to an increase in membership). On a Same Facility basis, during 2025, as compared to 2024, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased by $168 million, or 4.8%. Contributing to the increase in salaries, wages and benefits was an increase in our patient volumes during 2025 as compared to 2024. As a percentage of net revenues, salaries, wages and benefits expense decreased to 39.5% during 2025 as compared to 41.0% during 2024. Other operating expenses increased by $280 million, or 11.7%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. Operating expenses incurred by our commercial health insurer, consisting primarily of medical costs, increased by $177 million, or 34.6% (due primarily to an increase in membership), during 2025 as compared to 2024. In addition, as discussed above in Results of Operations-Adjustments to Self-Insured Professional and General Liability Reserves , included in the other operating expenses of our acute care hospital services during 2025, as compared to 2024, was a $27 million decrease in the adjustments made to our self-insured professional and general liability reserves that was applicable to our acute care facilities. Excluding these expense items from each year, other operating expenses increased by $130 million, or 7.1%. Contributing to the increase during 2025, as compared to 2024, was a $49 million, or 7.8%, increase in physician expenses incurred at certain hospitals. As a percentage of net revenues, other operating expenses increased to 28.6% during 2025, as compared to 27.8% during 2024. Supplies expense increased by $37 million, or 2.7%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. As a percentage of net revenues, supplies expense decreased to 15.0% during 2025, as compared to 15.8% during 2024. All Acute Care Hospital Services The following table summarizes the results of operations for all our acute care operations during 2025 and 2024. These amounts include: (i) our acute care results on a Same Facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes, and; (iii) certain other amounts including the operating results of recently opened/acquired facilities and businesses. Dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands. 50 Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 % of Net % of Net Amount Revenues Amount Revenues Net revenues $ 9,925,907 100.0 % $ 8,944,288 100.0 % Operating charges: Salaries, wages and benefits 3,797,810 38.3 % 3,523,526 39.4 % Other operating expenses 3,179,922 32.0 % 2,747,066 30.7 % Supplies expense 1,426,059 14.4 % 1,360,758 15.2 % Depreciation and amortization 388,804 3.9 % 368,717 4.1 % Lease and rental expense 101,622 1.0 % 99,066 1.1 % Subtotal-operating expenses 8,894,217 89.6 % 8,099,133 90.6 % Income from operations 1,031,690 10.4 % 845,155 9.4 % Interest (income) expense, net 6,285 0.1 % 6,339 0.1 % Other (income) expense, net (21,533 ) -0.2 % (1,305 ) 0.0 % Income before income taxes $ 1,046,938 10.5 % $ 840,121 9.4 % During 2025, as compared to 2024, net revenues from our acute care hospital services increased by $982 million, or 11.0%, due to: (i) the $733 million, or 8.5% increase in Same Facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) an other combined net increase of $249 million consisting primarily of $182 million of combined net revenue increases at two new acute care hospitals, as mentioned above, and a $59 million increase in provider tax assessments. Income before income taxes increased by $207 million, or 25%, to $1.05 billion, or 10.5% of net revenues during 2025, as compared to $840 million, or 9.4% of net revenues during 2024. The increase resulted primarily from: (i) the $273 million, or 32%, increase in income before income taxes from our acute care hospital services, on a Same Facility basis, as discussed above, partially offset by; (ii) a $49 million pre-tax loss incurred during 2025 at Cedar Hill Regional Medical Center, and; (iii) an $18 million legal reserve established during 2025 (third quarter) in connection with the verdict in the Pinnacle litigation in Washoe County, Nevada, against certain subsidiaries of ours, as disclosed herein. During 2025, as compared to 2024, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased by $274 million, or 7.8%. The increase was due primarily to the above-mentioned $168 million increase related to our acute care hospital services, on a Same Facility basis, as well as the salaries, wages and benefits expense incurred at the two above-mentioned new acute care hospitals. Other operating expenses increased by $433 million, or 15.8%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. The increase was due to: (i) the $280 million above-mentioned increase related to our acute care hospital services, on a Same Facility basis; (ii) a $59 million increase in provider tax assessments; (iii) a combined increase of $75 million in operating expenses incurred at the two above-mentioned new acute care hospitals, and; (iv) the above-mentioned $18 million legal reserve established during 2025. Supplies expense increased by $65 million, or 4.8%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. The increase was due to the above-mentioned $37 million increase related to our acute care hospital services, on a Same Facility basis, as well as the supplies expense incurred at the two above-mentioned new acute care hospitals. Behavioral Health Care Services The following table sets forth certain operating statistics for our behavioral health care services for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Same Facility Basis All 2025 2024 2025 2024 Average licensed beds 24,087 23,909 24,342 24,274 Average available beds 23,987 23,809 24,242 24,187 Patient days 6,415,058 6,344,903 6,476,268 6,426,265 Average daily census 17,575.5 17,335.8 17,743.2 17,558.1 Occupancy-licensed beds 73.0 % 72.5 % 72.9 % 72.3 % Occupancy-available beds 73.3 % 72.8 % 73.2 % 72.6 % Admissions 469,571 467,508 473,071 473,081 Length of stay 13.7 13.6 13.7 13.6 Behavioral Health Care Services-Same Facility Basis We believe that providing our results on a Same Facility basis, which includes the operating results for facilities and businesses operated in both the current year and prior year periods, is helpful to our investors as a measure of our operating performance. Our Same Facility results also neutralize (if applicable) the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but 51 not limited to, gains/losses on sales of assets and businesses, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits, impairments of long-lived and intangible assets and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods. Our Same Facility basis results reflected on the table below also excludes from net revenues and other operating expenses, provider tax assessments incurred in each period as discussed below Sources of Revenue-Summary of Various State Medicaid Supplemental Payment Programs. However, these provider tax assessments are included in net revenues and other operating expenses as reflected in the table below under All Behavioral Health Care Services . The provider tax assessments had no impact on the income before income taxes as reflected on the tables below since the amounts offset between net revenues and other operating expenses. Prior year amounts related to certain facilities previously included in our Behavioral Health Care Services results have been reclassified into our Acute Care Hospital Services' results as of May 1, 2024 to conform with current year presentation. To obtain a complete understanding of our financial performance, the Same Facility results should be examined in connection with our net income as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP and as presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table summarizes the results of operations for our behavioral health care services, on a Same Facility basis, and is used in the discussions below for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (dollar amounts in thousands): Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 % of Net % of Net Amount Revenues Amount Revenues Net revenues $ 7,185,336 100.0 % $ 6,668,971 100.0 % Operating charges: Salaries, wages and benefits 3,876,831 54.0 % 3,574,879 53.6 % Other operating expenses 1,338,907 18.6 % 1,263,911 19.0 % Supplies expense 234,606 3.3 % 228,606 3.4 % Depreciation and amortization 217,375 3.0 % 204,197 3.1 % Lease and rental expense 45,178 0.6 % 45,626 0.7 % Subtotal-operating expenses 5,712,897 79.5 % 5,317,219 79.7 % Income from operations 1,472,439 20.5 % 1,351,752 20.3 % Interest expense, net 4,021 0.1 % 4,027 0.1 % Other (income) expense, net (2,107 ) 0.0 % (3,480 ) -0.1 % Income before income taxes $ 1,470,525 20.5 % $ 1,351,205 20.3 % During 2025, as compared to 2024, net revenues from our behavioral health services, on a Same Facility basis, increased by $516 million or 7.7%. Income before income taxes increased by $119 million, or 8.8%, amounting to $1.47 billion, or 20.5% of net revenues during 2025, as compared to $1.35 billion, or 20.3% of net revenues during 2024. During 2025, net revenue per adjusted admission increased by 7.5% while net revenue per adjusted patient day increased by 6.8%, as compared to 2024. During 2025, as compared to 2024, inpatient admissions to our behavioral health care hospitals increased by 0.4% and adjusted admissions increased by 0.2%. Patient days at these facilities increased by 1.1% and adjusted patient days increased by 0.9% during 2025, as compared to 2024. The average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 13.7 days and 13.6 days during 2025 and 2024, respectively. During each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 73%. On a Same Facility basis during 2025, as compared to 2024, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased by $302 million or 8.4%. The increase during 2025, as compared to 2024, was due to a 4.7% increase in salaries, wages and benefits expense per average full time equivalent employee, as well as a 3.5% increase in the average number of full-time equivalent employees. As a percentage of net revenues during each quarter, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased to 54.0% during 2025 as compared to 53.6% during 2024. Other operating expenses increased by $75 million, or 5.9%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. As a percentage of net revenues, other operating expenses decreased to 18.6% during 2025 as compared to 19.0% during 2024. Supplies expense increased by $6 million, or 2.6%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. As a percentage of net revenues, supplies expense decreased slightly to 3.3% during 2025 as compared to 3.4% during 2024. 52 All Behavioral Health Care Services The following table summarizes the results of operations for all our behavioral health care services during 2025 and 2024. These amounts include: (i) our behavioral health care results on a Same Facility basis, as indicated above; (ii) the impact of provider tax assessments which increased net revenues and other operating expenses but had no impact on income before income taxes, and; (iii) certain other amounts, as applicable, including the results of facilities that were acquired, opened or closed during the past year. Dollar amounts below are reflected in thousands. Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 % of Net % of Net Amount Revenues Amount Revenues Net revenues $ 7,425,500 100.0 % $ 6,873,090 100.0 % Operating charges: Salaries, wages and benefits 3,893,474 52.4 % 3,590,956 52.2 % Other operating expenses 1,566,405 21.1 % 1,443,857 21.0 % Supplies expense 235,422 3.2 % 229,527 3.3 % Depreciation and amortization 220,464 3.0 % 205,741 3.0 % Lease and rental expense 46,257 0.6 % 46,980 0.7 % Subtotal-operating expenses 5,962,022 80.3 % 5,517,061 80.3 % Income from operations 1,463,478 19.7 % 1,356,029 19.7 % Interest expense, net 4,110 0.1 % 4,027 0.1 % Other (income) expense, net (1,135 ) 0.0 % (3,547 ) -0.1 % Income before income taxes $ 1,460,503 19.7 % $ 1,355,549 19.7 % During 2025, as compared to 2024, net revenues generated from our behavioral health services increased by $552 million, or 8.0%. The increase was primarily attributable to the above-mentioned $516 million, or 7.7%, increase in net revenues at our behavioral health facilities, on a Same Facility basis, as well as a $36 million increase in provider tax assessments. Income before income taxes increased by $105 million, or 7.7%, to $1.46 billion, or 19.7% of net revenues during 2025, as compared to $1.36 billion, or 19.7% of net revenues during 2024. The increase in income before income taxes at our behavioral health facilities during 2025, as compared to 2024, was primarily attributable to the $119 million, or 8.8% increase in income before income taxes generated at our behavioral health facilities, on a Same Facility basis, partially offset by the losses incurred at recently opened, closed or divested facilities. During 2025, as compared to 2024, salaries, wages and benefits expense increased by $303 million or 8.4%. The increase was due primarily to the above-mentioned $302 million, or 8.4%, increase related to our behavioral health facilities, on a Same Facility basis. Other operating expenses increased by $123 million, or 8.5%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. The increase was due primarily to the above-mentioned $75 million, or 5.9%, increase related to our behavioral health facilities, on a Same Facility basis, as well as $48 million of other combined net increases consisting primarily of increased provider tax assessments. Supplies expense increased by $6 million, or 2.6%, during 2025 as compared to 2024. Sources of Revenue Overview: We receive payments for services rendered from private insurers, including managed care plans, the federal government under the Medicare program, state governments under their respective Medicaid programs and directly from patients. Hospital revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the medical and ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or negotiated payment rates for such services. Charges and reimbursement rates for inpatient routine services vary depending on the type of services provided (e.g., medical/surgical, intensive care or behavioral health) and the geographic location of the hospital. Inpatient occupancy levels fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are beyond our control. The percentage of patient service revenue attributable to outpatient services has generally increased in recent years, primarily as a result of advances in medical technology that allow more services to be provided on an outpatient basis, as well as increased pressure from Medicare, Medicaid and private insurers to reduce hospital stays and provide services, where possible, on a less expensive outpatient basis. We believe that our experience with respect to our increased outpatient levels mirrors the general trend occurring in the health care industry and we are unable to predict the rate of growth and resulting impact on our future revenues. Patients are generally not responsible for any difference between customary hospital charges and amounts reimbursed for such services under Medicare, Medicaid, some private insurance plans, and managed care plans, but are responsible for services not covered by such plans, exclusions, deductibles or co-insurance features of their coverage. The amount of such exclusions, deductibles and co-insurance has generally been increasing each year. Indications from recent federal and state legislation are that this trend will 53 continue. Collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than from governmental or business payers which unfavorably impacts the collectability of our patient accounts. Sources of Revenues and Health Care Reform: Given increasing budget deficits, the federal government and many states are currently considering additional ways to limit increases in levels of Medicare and Medicaid funding, which could also adversely affect future payments received by our hospitals. In addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon the federal government as a result of, among other things, economic recovery stimulus packages, responses to natural disasters, and the federal and state budget deficits in general may affect the availability of government funds to provide additional relief in the future. Changes resulting from the outcome of the 2024 elections may include increased reliance on Medicare Advantage programs, work requirements for Medicaid waiver program eligibility, increased focus on hospital outpatient site neutral payment policies, and similar initiatives that may reduce the availability of funding for federal healthcare programs or make eligibility for benefits more difficult. Legislation adopted on July 4, 2025, One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA ) of 2025 , will have the effect of substantially decreasing federal funding for state Medicaid Programs. Any significant reduction in federal Medicaid funding to states would likely result in states reducing Medicaid payments to us which would have a material adverse effect on us. We are unable to predict the effect of future policy changes on our operations. In 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA ) was enacted and its two primary goals were to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses. The ACA revised reimbursement under the Medicare and Medicaid programs to emphasize the efficient delivery of high-quality care and contains a number of incentives and penalties under these programs to achieve these goals. The ACA provides for reductions to Medicaid DSH payments which are now scheduled to begin in federal fiscal year 2028. A 2012 U.S. Supreme Court ruling limited the federal government s ability to expand health insurance coverage by holding unconstitutional sections of the Legislation that sought to withdraw federal funding for state noncompliance with certain Medicaid coverage requirements. Pursuant to that decision, the federal government may not penalize states that choose not to participate in the Medicaid expansion by reducing their existing Medicaid funding. Therefore, states can choose to expand or not to expand their Medicaid program without risking the loss of federal Medicaid funding. As a result, many states, including Texas, have not expanded their Medicaid programs without the threat of loss of federal funding. CMS has previously granted section 1115 demonstration waivers providing for work and community engagement requirements for certain Medicaid eligible individuals. CMS has also released guidance to states interested in receiving their Medicaid funding through a block grant mechanism. The Biden administration withdrew certain previously issued section 1115 demonstrations aligned with these policies, but Georgia has imposed work and community engagement requirements under a Medicaid demonstration program that launched July 1, 2023. President Trump, who favored work and community engagement requirements in his first administration, sought and obtained legislation under the OBBBA that applies such requirements to a significant percentage of Medicaid program beneficiaries. We anticipate this change will lead to reductions in Medicaid coverage and likely increases in uncompensated care. On December 14, 2018, a Texas Federal District Court deemed the Legislation to be unconstitutional in its entirety. The Court concluded that the Individual Mandate is no longer permissible under Congress s taxing power as a result of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017 reducing the individual mandate s tax to $0 (i.e., it no longer produces revenue, which is an essential feature of a tax), rendering the Legislation unconstitutional. The Court also held that because the individual mandate is essential to the Legislation and is inseverable from the rest of the law, the entire Legislation is unconstitutional. That ruling was ultimately appealed to the United States Supreme Court, which decided in California v. Texas that the plaintiffs in the matter lacked standing to bring their constitutionality claims. The Court did not reach the plaintiffs merits arguments, which specifically challenged the constitutionality of the Legislation s individual mandate and the entirety of the Legislation itself. As a result, the Legislation will continue to be law, and the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") and its respective agencies will continue to enforce regulations implementing the law. However, on September 7, 2022, the Legislation faced its most recent challenge when a Texas Federal District Court judge, in the case of Braidwood Management v. Becerra , ruled that a requirement that certain health plans cover services without cost sharing violates the Appointments Clause of the U.S. Constitution and that the coverage of certain HIV prevention medication violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The decision was ultimately appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in its June 2025 Kennedy v. Braidwood Management decision, opined in favor of HIV preventive care coverage. The impact of this decision on us cannot be predicted. The Legislation also contained provisions aimed at reducing fraud and abuse in healthcare. The Legislation amends several existing laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the False Claims Act, making it easier for government agencies and private plaintiffs to prevail in lawsuits brought against healthcare providers. While Congress had previously revised the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute to provide that a person is not required to have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute in order to be found in violation of such law, the Legislation also provides that any claims for items or services that violate the Anti-Kickback Statute are also considered false claims for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. The Legislation provides that a healthcare provider that retains an overpayment in excess of 60 days is subject to the federal civil False Claims Act. In December, 2024, CMS changed the standard for identification of an overpayment and now requires the report and return of an overpayment if a provider or supplier has actual knowledge of the existence of an overpayment or acts in reckless disregard or deliberate ignorance of an overpayment. The Legislation also expanded the Recovery Audit Contractor program 54 to Medicaid. These amendments also make it easier for severe fines and penalties to be imposed on healthcare providers that violate applicable laws and regulations. We have partnered with local physicians in the ownership of certain of our facilities. These investments have been permitted under an exception to the physician self-referral law. The Legislation permits existing physician investments in a hospital to continue under a grandfather clause if the arrangement satisfies certain requirements and restrictions, but physicians are prohibited from increasing the aggregate percentage of their ownership in the hospital. The Legislation also imposes certain compliance and disclosure requirements upon existing physician-owned hospitals and restricts the ability of physician-owned hospitals to expand the capacity of their facilities. A repeal of the Legislation, in whole or in relevant part, may result in physicians being able to expand ownership interest in hospitals. In addition to legislative changes, the ACA can be significantly impacted by executive branch actions. The Biden administration had issued executive orders implementing a special enrollment period permitting individuals to enroll in health plans outside of the annual open enrollment period and reexamining policies that may undermine the ACA or the Medicaid program. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021's expansion of subsidies to purchase coverage through an exchange contributed to increased exchange enrollment in 2021. The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) s extension of subsidies through 2025 increased exchange enrollment in years subsequent to 2021. These enhanced subsidies expired on December 31, 2025. It remains unclear what portions of the ACA may remain, or whether any replacement or alternative programs may be created by any future legislation. Any such future repeal or replacement may have significant impact on the reimbursement for healthcare services generally, and may create reimbursement for services competing with the services offered by our hospitals. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the adoption of any future federal or state healthcare reform legislation will not have a negative financial impact on our hospitals, including their ability to compete with alternative healthcare services funded by such potential legislation, or for our hospitals to receive payment for services. Extension of these subsidies is currently the subject of Congressional debate as part of the federal budget negotiation, and we cannot predict whether these subsidies will ultimately be adopted in federal fiscal year 2026. For additional disclosure related to our revenues including a disaggregation of our consolidated net revenues by major source for each of the periods presented herein, please see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements-Revenue Recognition . Medicare: Medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons aged 65 and over, some disabled persons and persons with end-stage renal disease. All of our acute care hospitals and many of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of Medicare services by the appropriate governmental authorities. Amounts received under the Medicare program are generally significantly less than a hospital s customary charges for services provided. Since a substantial portion of our revenues will come from patients under the Medicare program, our ability to operate our business successfully in the future will depend in large measure on our ability to adapt to changes in this program. Under the Medicare program, for inpatient services, our general acute care hospitals receive reimbursement under the inpatient prospective payment system ( IPPS ). Under the IPPS, hospitals are paid a predetermined fixed payment amount for each hospital discharge. The fixed payment amount is based upon each patient s Medicare severity diagnosis related group ( MS-DRG ). Every MS-DRG is assigned a payment rate based upon the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to treat the average patient with that particular diagnosis. The MS-DRG payment rates are based upon historical national average costs and do not consider the actual costs incurred by a hospital in providing care. This MS-DRG assignment also affects the predetermined capital rate paid with each MS-DRG. The MS-DRG and capital payment rates are adjusted annually by the predetermined geographic adjustment factor for the geographic region in which a particular hospital is located and are weighted based upon a statistically normal distribution of severity. While we generally will not receive payment from Medicare for inpatient services, other than the MS-DRG payment, a hospital may qualify for an outlier payment if a particular patient s treatment costs are extraordinarily high and exceed a specified threshold. MS-DRG rates are adjusted by an update factor each federal fiscal year, which begins on October 1. The index used to adjust the MS-DRG rates, known as the hospital market basket index, gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals in purchasing goods and services. Generally, however, the percentage increases in the MS-DRG payments have been lower than the projected increase in the cost of goods and services purchased by hospitals. In July, 2025, CMS published its IPPS 2026 final payment rule which provides for a 3.3% market basket increase to the base Medicare MS-DRG blended rate. When statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments, and adjustments mandated by the Legislation are considered (including a -0.7% productivity adjustment offset), without consideration for the required Medicare DSH payments changes and increase to the Medicare Outlier threshold, the overall increase in IPPS payments is approximately 1.0%. Instead of applying a state-level rural floor budget neutrality adjustment to the wage index, the final rule has applied a uniform, national budget neutrality adjustment to the FY 2026 wage index for the rural floor. Nevada will be subject to a 5.0% reduction in the wage index adjustment as a result of a decrease in the wage index rural floor in that state. Including DSH payments, a decrease to the Medicare Outlier threshold and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final IPPS 2026 rule (covering the period of October 1, 2025 through September 30, 2026) will approximate 2.7%. In August, 2024, CMS published its IPPS 2025 final payment rule which provides for a 2.9% market basket increase to the base Medicare MS-DRG blended rate. When statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, 55 documenting and coding adjustments, and adjustments mandated by the Legislation are considered, without consideration for the required Medicare DSH payments changes and increase to the Medicare Outlier threshold, the overall increase in IPPS payments is approximately 1.8%. Including DSH payments, an increase to the Medicare Outlier threshold and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final IPPS 2025 rule (covering the period of October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025) will approximate 1.2%. In August, 2023, CMS published its IPPS 2024 final payment rule which provides for a 3.1% market basket increase to the base Medicare MS-DRG blended rate. When statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates (including a change in the Medicare Rural Floor calculation), documenting and coding adjustments, and adjustments mandated by the Legislation are considered, without consideration for the required Medicare DSH payments changes and increase to the Medicare Outlier threshold, the overall increase in IPPS payments is approximately 6.6%. Including DSH payments, an increase to the Medicare Outlier threshold and certain other adjustments, we estimate our overall increase from the final IPPS 2024 rule (covering the period of October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024) will approximate 5.4%. In June, 2019, the Supreme Court of the United States issued a decision favorable to hospitals impacting prior year Medicare DSH payments ( Azar v. Allina Health Services , No. 17-1484 (U.S. Jun. 3, 2019)). In Allina , the hospitals challenged the Medicare DSH adjustments for federal fiscal year 2012, specifically challenging CMS s decision to include inpatient hospital days attributable to Medicare Part C enrollee patients in the numerator and denominator of the Medicare/SSI fraction used to calculate a hospital s DSH payments. This ruling addresses CMS s attempts to impose the policy espoused in its vacated 2004 rulemaking to a fiscal year in the 2004 2013 time period without using notice-and-comment rulemaking. This decision should require CMS to recalculate hospitals DSH Medicare/SSI fractions, with Medicare Part C days excluded, for at least federal fiscal year 2012, but likely federal fiscal years 2005 through 2013. In August, 2020, CMS issued a rule that proposed to retroactively negate the effects of the aforementioned Supreme Court decision, which rule has yet to be finalized. Although we can provide no assurance that we will ultimately receive additional funds, we estimate that the favorable impact of this court ruling on certain prior year hospital Medicare DSH payments could range between $18 million to $28 million in the aggregate. The 2011 Act included the imposition of annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the Congressional Budget Office. Among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan Congressional committee, known as the Joint Committee, which was responsible for developing recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. The Joint Committee was unable to reach an agreement by the November 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and Medicare spending were implemented on March 1, 2013 resulting in Medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year. Subsequent legislation has extended this sequestration through 2032. The CARES Act, as amended, temporarily suspended or limited the application of this sequestration from May 1, 2020 through June 30, 2022, with a return to the full 2% Medicare payment reduction thereafter. Inpatient services furnished by psychiatric hospitals under the Medicare program are paid under a Psychiatric Prospective Payment System ( Psych PPS ). Medicare payments to psychiatric hospitals are based on a prospective per diem rate with adjustments to account for certain facility and patient characteristics. The Psych PPS also contains provisions for outlier payments and an adjustment to a psychiatric hospital s base payment if it maintains a full-service emergency department. In August, 2025, CMS published its Psych PPS final rule for the federal fiscal year 2026. Under this final rule, payments to our behavioral health care hospitals and units from the market basket update are estimated to increase by 2.5% compared to federal fiscal year 2025. This amount includes the effect of the 3.2% net market basket update which reflects the offset of a 0.7% productivity adjustment. When all of the final patient level adjustments described below as well as proposed wage index values are considered, we estimate that Psych PPS payments will increase by 1.7% in FFY 2026. In July, 2024, CMS published its Psych PPS final rule for the federal fiscal year 2025. Under this final rule, payments to our behavioral health care hospitals and units from the market basket update are estimated to increase by 2.8% compared to federal fiscal year 2024. This amount includes the effect of the 3.3% net market basket update which reflects the offset of a 0.5% productivity adjustment. When all of the final patient level adjustments described below as well as proposed wage index values are considered, we estimate that Psych PPS payments will increase by 2.1% in FFY 2025. In addition to the market basket update noted above, CMS will make the following changes: Revisions to the methodology for determining the payment rates under the Inpatient Psychiatric Facility ("IPF") PPS for psychiatric hospitals and psychiatric units based on a review of the data and information collected in prior years in accordance with section 1886(s)(5)(A) of the Social Security Act, as added by the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 ("CAA of 2023"). CMS finalized revisions to the IPF patient-level adjustment factors. The patient-level adjustments include Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Groups (MS DRGs) assignment of the patient s principal diagnosis, selected comorbidities, patient age, and the variable per diem adjustments; Implement these revisions in a budget-neutral manner (that is, estimated payments to IPFs for FFY 2025 would be the same with or without the final revisions), and; 56 Clarified the criteria regarding all-inclusive cost reporting. This clarification requires our behavioral health care hospitals, which are currently utilizing an all-inclusive charging practice, to modify both their billing practices and information technology applications by June 1, 2025 to ensure compliance with future regulations. We are in compliance with this CMS billing requirement. This final rule also includes two requests for information on future revisions to the IPF PPS facility-level adjustment factors and development of the new standardized IPF Patient Assessment Instrument, required by the CAA of 2023, which IPFs participating in the IPF Quality Reporting Program will be required to report for Rate Year 2028. In July, 2023, CMS published its Psych PPS final rule for the federal fiscal year 2024. Under this final rule, payments to our behavioral health care hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 3.3% compared to federal fiscal year 2023. This amount includes the effect of the 3.5% net market basket update which reflects the offset of a 0.2% productivity adjustment. In November, 2025, CMS issued its OPPS final rule for 2026. The hospital market basket increase is 3.3% and the productivity adjustment reduction is 0.7% for a net market basket increase of 2.6%. When other statutorily required adjustments (including a 0.5% reduction for the 340B remedy discussed below) and hospital patient service mix are considered, we estimate that our overall Medicare OPPS update for 2026 will aggregate to a net increase of 2.0% Some key changes in the 2026 OPPS final rule include: 340B Remedy Recoupment: CMS anticipates shortening the 340B Remedy recoupment transition from the previously established 16-year schedule beginning 2027; however the revised duration has not yet been determined. A 2023 CMS final rule had implemented a negative OPPS recoupment adjustment of 0.5 percent for approximately 16 years to offset $7.8 billion paid to hospitals for non-drug OPPS payments between 2018 and 2022 following the US Supreme Court decision overturning the Trump Administration s 340B reduction policy. CMS will maintain the annual offset of 0.5 percent in CY 2026 with a plan to increase the reduction amount above the 0.5% in CY 2027 and with an unspecified reduction to remain in effect until the estimated payment reduction reaches $7.8 billion. Eliminating the Inpatient Only (IPO) List: CMS will phase out the IPO list over a 3-year period, beginning with removing 285 mostly musculoskeletal procedures for CY 2026. Procedures removed from the IPO list would be exempted from certain medical review activities related to the two-midnight policy for CY 2026 and subsequent years until CMS determines the service or procedure is more commonly performed in the Medicare population in the outpatient setting. For CY 2026, the Company expects the impact 