=== UHS_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, and below in Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors and as included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section generally discusses our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. For discussion of our results of operations and changes in our financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2025. Overview Our principal business is owning and operating, through our subsidiaries, acute care hospitals and outpatient facilities and behavioral health care facilities. As of February 25, 2026, we owned and/or operated 375 inpatient facilities and 168 outpatient and other facilities located in 40 states, Washington, D.C., the United Kingdom and Puerto Rico. We have changed the method of our outpatient behavioral health care facility counts during the third quarter of 2025 and substantially all of the increase from prior periods is related to that change in convention. Acute care facilities located in the U.S.: 29 inpatient acute care hospitals; 35 free-standing emergency departments, and; 13 outpatient centers 1 surgical hospital. Behavioral health care facilities (346 inpatient facilities and 119 outpatient facilities): Located in the U.S.: 182 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and; 110 outpatient behavioral health care facilities. Located in the U.K.: 161 inpatient behavioral health care facilities, and; 2 outpatient behavioral health care facilities. Located in Puerto Rico: 3 inpatient behavioral health care facilities; 7 outpatient behavioral health care facilities. Net revenues from our acute care hospitals, outpatient facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for approximately 57% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2025 and 2024. Net revenues from our behavioral health care facilities and commercial health insurer accounted for approximately 43% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2025 and 2024. Our behavioral health care facilities located in the U.K. generated net revenues of approximately $1.001 billion in 2025 and $880 million in 2024. Total assets at our U.K. behavioral health care facilities were approximately $1.531 billion as of December 31, 2025 and $1.358 billion as of December 31, 2024. Services provided by our hospitals include general and specialty surgery, internal medicine, obstetrics, emergency room care, radiology, oncology, diagnostic care, coronary care, pediatric services, pharmacy services and/or behavioral health services. We provide capital resources as well as a variety of management services to our facilities, including central purchasing, information services, finance and control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment services, administrative personnel management, marketing and public relations. Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors You should carefully review the information contained in this Annual Report, and should particularly consider any risk factors that we set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In this Annual Report, we state our beliefs of 40 future events and of our future financial performance. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current estimates, expectations and projections about our future results, performance, prospects and opportunities. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, the information concerning our possible future results of operations, business and growth strategies, financing plans, expectations that regulatory developments or other matters will or will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, our competitive position and the effects of competition, the projected growth of the industry in which we operate, and the benefits and synergies to be obtained from our completed and any future acquisitions, and statements of our goals and objectives, and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Words such as may, will, should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates, appears, projects and similar expressions, or the negative of those words and expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. In evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks related to healthcare industry trends and those set forth herein in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Those factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any of our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking information is based on information available at the time and/or our good faith belief with respect to future events, and is subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Many factors, including those set forth herein in Item 1A. Risk Factors , and other important factors disclosed in this report, and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC, could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Such factors include, among other things, the following: as discussed below in Sources of Revenue, we receive revenues from various state and county-based programs, including Medicaid in all the states in which we operate. We receive annual Medicaid revenues of approximately $100 million, or greater, from each of Texas, California, Nevada, Washington, D.C., Illinois, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Florida, Tennessee, Virginia, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi and Washington. Most of these programs are approved on a year-to-year basis and there is no assurance that these revenues will continue at their current rates or at all. We are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in Medicaid and other state-based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states; legislation adopted on July 4, 2025 (the One Big Beautiful Bill Act), attaches work and community service requirements to eligibility for Medicaid benefits that will have the effect of limiting Medicaid enrollment and expenditure. That legislation also places limits on provider fees used to increase federal Medicaid funding to states. The legislation prohibits states not previously having expanded Medicaid eligibility to 138% of federal poverty level from increasing the rate of current provider fees which fund certain state supplemental payments or increasing the base of the fee to a class or items of services that the fee did not previously cover. That current provider fee threshold will remain at 6%. For states having expanded Medicaid eligibility under the legislation, the provider fee threshold will be reduced by 0.5% annually between federal fiscal years 2028 and 2032 with the resulting threshold ultimately becoming 3.5%. Under current law, and based on our current expectations, we estimate that, commencing with the 2028 state fiscal years, our aggregate annual net benefit will be reduced, on an annually increasing and relatively pro rata basis, by approximately $432 million to $480 million by 2032. The legislation also eliminates certain insurance exchange premium tax credits beyond 2025 and exchange enrollment is expected to be adversely impacted. On January 8, 2026, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R.1834 to extend for three years the enhanced premium tax credits ("EPTCs") that expired on December 31, 2025, which is currently undergoing review in the Senate. We cannot predict whether these subsidies will ultimately be adopted in federal fiscal year 2026. All of these factors, which could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, may be expected to reduce our revenue and likely increase the level of uncompensated care provided by our facilities; there are additional legislative changes that are likely to result in major changes in the health care delivery system on a national or state level, including changes in the structure and administration of, and funding for, federal and state agencies and programs. For example, Congress has reduced to $0 the penalty for failing to maintain health coverage that was part of the original Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA") as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Biden administration had issued executive orders implementing a special enrollment period permitting individuals to enroll in health plans outside of the annual open enrollment period and reexamining policies that may undermine the ACA or the Medicaid program. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) was passed on August 16, 2022, which among other things, allows for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. The American Rescue Plan Act s expansion of subsidies to purchase coverage through an ACA exchange, which the IRA continued through 2025, has increased exchange enrollment. These enhanced subsidies expired on December 31, 2025; there have been numerous political and legal efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the ACA since its enactment, some of which have been successful, in part, in modifying the ACA, as well as court challenges to the constitutionality of 41 the legislation. The U.S. Supreme Court held in California v. Texas that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the legislation s requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage, or the individual mandate. The Court dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. The legislation faced its most recent challenge when the Supreme Court, in the June 2025 Kennedy v. Braidwood Management decision, opined in favor of ACA HIV preventive care coverage. The impacts of this decision cannot be predicted. Any future efforts to challenge, replace or replace the ACA or expand or substantially amend its provision is unknown. See below in Sources of Revenues and Health Care Reform for additional disclosure; additional possible unfavorable changes in the levels and terms of reimbursement for our charges by third party payers or government based payers, including Medicare or Medicaid in the United States, and government based payers in the United Kingdom; the healthcare industry is labor intensive and salaries, wages and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supplies expense and other operating expenses. In the past, staffing shortages have, at times, required us to hire expensive temporary personnel and/or enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel. At certain facilities, particularly within our behavioral health care segment, there have been occasions when we were unable to fill all vacant positions and, consequently, we were required to limit patient volumes. Additionally, California is in the process of implementing staffing standards specific to acute psychiatric hospitals and requirements to determine appropriate staffing based on patient acuity and care needs, which are expected to take effect on June 1, 2026. This can further increase our costs and limit our revenue if we are required to limit the number of patients at our California facilities; we have experienced inflationary pressures, primarily in personnel costs, although those pressures have moderated more recently. The extent of any future impacts from inflation on our business and our results of operations will be dependent upon how long the elevated inflation levels persist and the extent to which the rate of inflation further increases, if at all, neither of which we are able to predict. If elevated levels of inflation were to persist or if the rate of inflation were to accelerate, our expenses could increase faster than anticipated and we may utilize our capital resources sooner than expected. Further, given the complexities of the reimbursement landscape in which we operate, our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to Medicare and Medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws, which in certain circumstances, limit our ability to increase prices; in our acute care segment, we have experienced a significant increase in hospital based physician related expenses, especially in the areas of emergency room care, anesthesiology and radiology. We have implemented various initiatives to mitigate the increased expense, to the degree possible, which has moderated the rate of increase. However, significant increases in these physician related expenses could have a material unfavorable impact on our future results of operations; the increase in interest rates during the past few years has increased our interest expense significantly increasing our expenses and reducing our free cash flow and our ability to access the capital markets on favorable terms. As such, the effects of increased borrowing rates have adversely impacted our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict future changes to interest rates, however, significant increases in our borrowing rates could have a material unfavorable impact on our future results of operations. Our $700 million, 1.65% senior notes ("2026 Notes") mature on September 1, 2026. Market interest rates have increased significantly since the 2026 Notes were issued in 2021. We expect that we will refinance the 2026 Notes at significantly higher interest rates which will significantly increase our interest expense thereby decreasing our net income attributable to UHS; significant tariffs or other restrictions, if imposed on our imported pharmaceutical ingredients, medical devices, medical equipment and their ingredients and components, could escalate costs of medications, medical devices and medical equipment and disrupt our supply chains. While we continue to evaluate the potential impact of the new tariffs on our business, given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of any new tariffs, as well as the potential for additional tariffs or trade barriers by the U.S. and the impacted foreign countries, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. Therefore, changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular, increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from where our products or materials are made (either directly or through our suppliers) could have an impact on our competitive position, business operations and financial results; as of early February 2026, Congress has passed and the President has signed a consolidated appropriations package providing fiscal year 2026 funding for the majority of federal agencies, while lawmakers continue to negotiate and consider outstanding appropriations legislation for the Department of Homeland Security. In the past several years political disputes concerning authorization of a federal budget have led to shutdown of substantial portions of the federal government and other federal budget authorization delays have occurred. Federal budget delays and federal government shutdowns are unpredictable and may occur in the future. We cannot predict whether or not there will be future appropriations legislation avoiding a federal government shutdown, however, our operating cash flows and results of operations could be materially unfavorably impacted by the federal government shutdown; 42 as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 (the "CAA"), Congress passed legislation aimed at preventing or limiting patient balance billing in certain circumstances. The CAA addresses surprise medical bills stemming from emergency services, out-of-network ancillary providers at in-network facilities, and air ambulance carriers. The CAA prohibits surprise billing when out-of-network emergency services or out-of-network services at an in-network facility are provided, unless informed consent is received. In these circumstances providers are prohibited from billing the patient for any amounts that exceed in-network cost-sharing requirements. HHS, the Department of Labor and the Department of the Treasury have issued rules to implement the legislation. The rules have limited the ability of our hospital-based physicians to receive payments for services at usually higher out-of-network rates in certain circumstances, and, as a result, have caused us to increase subsidies to these physicians or to replace their services at a higher cost; in June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in Loper Bright Enters. v. Raimondo and Relentless, Inc. v. Department of Commerce , which modified the regulatory interpretation standard established 40 years ago by Chevron v. National Resources Defense Council . Chevron doctrine generally required courts to defer to federal agencies in their interpretation of federal statutes when a statute was silent or ambiguous with respect to a specific issue. In Loper Bright , the Supreme Court held that courts are no longer required to grant such deference, though they may consider an agency s statutory interpretation. As it is highly regulated, the health care industry could be significantly impacted by the Loper Bright decision, particularly in the areas of Medicare reimbursement, decision making by the Food Drug Administration and health care fraud and abuse compliance, where parties may no longer be able to rely on federal agencies policies, rules and guidance; our ability to enter into managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the ability of our competitors to do the same; the impact of a shift of care from inpatient to lower cost outpatient settings and controls designed to reduce inpatient services; our ability to achieve operating and financial targets, develop and execute plans to offset to the extent possible impacts from the recent regulatory changes, including the enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act and the expiration of EPTCs, and tariffs, attain expected levels of patient volumes and revenues, and control the costs of providing services; the outcome of known and unknown litigation, government investigations, inquiries, false claims act allegations, and liabilities and other claims asserted against us and other matters, and the effects of adverse publicity relating to such matters, as disclosed in Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - Commitments and Contingencies, including, but not limited to, the jury verdict returned against Cumberland Hospital for Children and Adolescents located in New Kent, Virginia, an indirect subsidiary of ours, and the verdict in the Pinnacle litigation in Washoe County, Nevada, against certain subsidiaries of ours; effective March, 2025, our excess commercial insurance coverage for professional and general liability claims contains less favorable terms than previous years including coverage exclusions for incidents involving sexual molestation or abuse, higher premiums and lower aggregate limitations; competition from other healthcare providers (including physician owned facilities) in certain markets; technological and pharmaceutical improvements that increase the cost of providing, or reduce the demand for healthcare; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals and the impact on our labor and related expenses resulting from a shortage of nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals; demographic changes; there is a heightened risk of future cybersecurity threats, including ransomware attacks targeting healthcare providers. If successful, future cyberattacks could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any costs that we incur as a result of a data security incident or breach, including costs to update our security protocols to mitigate such an incident or breach could be significant. Any breach or failure in our operational security systems, or any third-party security systems that we rely on, can result in loss of data or an unauthorized disclosure of or access to sensitive or confidential member or protected personal or health information and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, significant penalties or fines, litigation, loss of customers, significant damage to our reputation and business, and other liability or losses. We may also incur additional costs related to cybersecurity risk management and remediation. There can be no assurance that we or our service providers, if applicable, will not suffer losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches in the future or that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover all the costs resulting from such events; our ability to implement technology and other programs to drive efficiencies, and improve patient outcomes and experiences, and the risks associated with the use of technologies by us or our services providers; 43 the availability of suitable acquisition and divestiture opportunities and our ability to successfully integrate and improve our acquisitions since failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits from certain of our prior or future acquisitions could result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangibles; the impact of severe weather conditions, including the effects of hurricanes, flash floods, wildfires and climate change; our ability to continue to obtain capital on acceptable terms, including borrowed funds, to fund the future growth of our business; our inpatient acute care and behavioral health care facilities may experience decreasing admission and length of stay trends; our financial statements reflect large amounts due from various commercial and private payers and there can be no assurance that failure of the payers to remit amounts due to us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations; the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the 2011 Act ) imposed annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the Congressional Budget Office. Among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan Congressional committee, known as the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction (the Joint Committee ), which was tasked with making recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. The Joint Committee was unable to reach an agreement by the November 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and Medicare spending were implemented on March 1, 2013 resulting in Medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year with a uniform percentage reduction across all Medicare programs. Current legislation has extended these reductions through 2032. We cannot predict whether Congress will restructure the implemented Medicare payment reductions or what other federal budget deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by Congress going forward; uninsured and self-pay patients treated at our facilities unfavorably impact our ability to satisfactorily and timely collect our self-pay patient accounts; changes in our business strategies or development plans; we have exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the pound sterling. We have international subsidiaries that operate in the United Kingdom. We routinely hedge our exposures to foreign currencies with certain financial institutions in an effort to minimize the impact of certain currency exchange rate fluctuations, but these hedges may be inadequate to protect us from currency exchange rate fluctuations. To the extent that these hedges are inadequate, our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if a financial counterparty to our hedges experiences financial difficulties or is otherwise unable to honor the terms of the foreign currency hedge, we may experience material financial losses, and; other factors referenced herein or in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Given these uncertainties, risks and assumptions, as outlined above, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Our actual results and financial condition could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except as may be required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. A summary of our significant accounting policies is outlined in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements . We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require us to make significant judgments and estimates when we prepare our financial statements, including the following: Revenue Recognition: Patient services provided in the U.S.: We report net patient service revenue at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients and third-party payers and others for services rendered. We have agreements with third-party payers that provide for payments to us at amounts different from our established rates. Payment arrangements include rates per discharge, reimbursed costs, discounted charges and per diem payments. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care plans, which represent explicit 44 price concessions, are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. We closely monitor our historical collection rates, as well as changes in applicable laws, rules and regulations and contract terms, to assure that provisions are made using the most accurate information available. However, due to the complexities involved in these estimations, actual payments from payers may be different from the amounts we estimate and record. We estimate our Medicare and Medicaid revenues using the latest available financial information, patient utilization data, government provided data and in accordance with applicable Medicare and Medicaid payment rules and regulations. The laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are extremely complex and subject to interpretation. Certain types of payments by the Medicare program and state Medicaid programs (e.g. Medicaid State Directed Payments, Medicare Disproportionate Share Hospital, Medicare Allowable Bad Debts and Inpatient Psychiatric Services) are subject to retroactive adjustment in future periods as a result of administrative review and audit and our estimates may vary from the final settlements. The funding of both federal Medicare and state Medicaid programs are subject to legislative and regulatory changes. As such, we cannot provide any assurance that future legislation and regulations, if enacted, will not have a material impact on our future Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements. Behavioral health care services provided in the U.K.: The majority of the revenues generated by our behavioral health care facilities located in the U.K. are recorded pursuant to contracts with the National Health Service and other local governments for services including the following: behavioral health care services, rehabilitation services, residential homes, nursing homes, supported living services and specialist day services. Commercial health insurer - certain acute care markets: The majority of the revenues generated by our commercial health insurer conducting business in certain acute care markets relate to Medicare Advantage premiums which are determined by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") utilizing a risk adjustment model that apportions premiums paid to health plans according to health and geographic factors. Risk score adjustments result in retroactive premium adjustments. The revenue adjustments are recognized when the amount is determinable and collectability or liability is reasonably assured. CMS also uses a star rating system which is derived from comprehensive evaluations of member satisfaction, quality of care and operational efficiency. In addition, our insurer also generates revenues from premiums for coverage under membership contracts with employer groups and individuals. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Fi