=== CMI_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
tm261336-2_nonfiling - none - 22.5976557s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CUMMINS INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter from our Chair and Chief Executive Officer To our Cummins shareholders, As Chair and CEO, I am proud to share how Cummins performed in 2025 and how we are positioning the company for the years ahead. This past year required steady leadership, thoughtful decision-making and a continued focus on what matters most delivering innovative and dependable products and services for our customers, continuing to invest in the development of our people and driving sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. Grounded in our long-standing values, the progress we made reflects both the strength of our multi-solution strategy, the capability of our people, and our ability to adapt and innovate in a changing world. Executing with purpose in a changing world For the year, Cummins generated $33.7 billion in revenue and $5.4 billion in EBITDA, representing 16.0 percent of sales. These results reflect the strength of our diversified portfolio across geographies, end markets and technologies, as well as cost discipline and operational efficiency across our businesses. Despite a downcycle in North America truck markets, we achieved record earnings and met our 2030 financial commitments ahead of schedule an accomplishment that makes me especially proud. We also delivered strong returns to shareholders. In 2025, we returned $1.1 billion through dividends and increased our common stock dividend for the 16th consecutive year, while continuing to invest in our people, products and long-term growth. Total shareholder return was 49% in 2025, exceeding our custom peer group average of 24% and the S P 500 return of 18%. Over the three-, five- and ten-year periods, our returns similarly outperformed both our peer group average and the broader U.S. equity market. Our broad mix of product offerings and global manufacturing and distribution footprint again proved to be a source of strength. Power Systems and Distribution delivered outstanding results in 2025, achieving record revenue and profitability, supported by strong demand for reliable backup power particularly for data centers. At the same time, Engine and Components operated through a cyclical downturn in North America medium- and heavy-duty truck markets. While volumes were lower, teams maintained strong cost discipline, product quality and customer support preserving the durability and performance standards customers associate with Cummins and positioning these businesses to perform as markets recover. Advancing solutions customers can count on We continued to invest in products and technologies that help our customers succeed today while preparing for the future. In 2025, we introduced the X10 engine as part of our Cummins HELM platforms, simplifying and modernizing our medium- and heavy-duty engine lineup. Alongside the X15 and B Series, the X10 expands customer choice while delivering the durability, efficiency and reliability expected from Cummins. We also unveiled the B7.2 diesel engine, bringing the latest advancements to one of our most trusted platforms. Designed as a global solution with flexibility across applications, both the X10 and B7.2 will be produced for the North America market at our Rocky Mount Engine Plant in North Carolina (U.S.) supporting customers while sustaining high-quality manufacturing jobs. Within Power Systems, we expanded our generator set offerings with the launch of the S17 Centum , engineered to deliver high power density in a compact footprint for urban and other space-constrained, mission-critical applications. Together, the investments we ve made across our full Centum lineup and the expanded capacity of our 95-liter platform position us to meet sustained demand for dependable, high-performance backup power across critical markets. We also strengthened our capabilities in hybrid solutions for mining and rail through the acquisition of First Mode assets and a new collaboration with Komatsu. These actions reflect our belief that the energy transition will take many paths and that practical, scalable solutions can deliver both economic and environmental benefits. Disciplined choices in a long-term transition As the energy transition proves more dynamic, uncertain and divergent across markets than initially expected, our strategy is designed to remain adaptable and resilient. We continue to align our investments with customer readiness and market demand. TABLE OF CONTENTS In 2025, we took targeted actions within Accelera to curtail future investments in our electrolyzer business and concentrate resources on the opportunities with the strongest long-term potential. We continue to deploy capital with discipline as customer needs and the pace of technology development evolves across our markets, prioritizing investments that generate strong returns and create durable competitive advantage. While the mix of our investments has shifted over the past five years, our strategy remains unchanged: pursue multiple paths forward by strengthening our core today and advancing low- and zero-emissions solutions when and where our customers are ready. Throughout the year, Cummins employees demonstrated resilience, accountability and care for our customers, for one another and for the communities where we live and work. Their efforts were recognized through external honors for culture, inclusion, innovation and workplace excellence, affirming the values that guide how we lead and operate. Looking ahead with confidence As we enter 2026, visibility is improving in key areas, including regulatory, trade and tariff certainty in North America. While some end markets remain cyclical, we expect conditions in North America truck markets to improve as the year progresses, alongside continued strength in power generation, industrial and aftermarket demand. Cummins is prepared to build on the momentum of 2025 continuing to innovate where it matters most, delivering dependable performance for customers and creating long-term value for shareholders. We look forward to engaging with the investment community at our Analyst Day on May 21 in New York City, where we will share more about our strategy, outlook and how we are positioning Cummins for durable growth and long-term impact. Thank you for your continued trust and support of Cummins. I am proud of what we accomplished in 2025 and confident in the road ahead. Sincerely, Jennifer Rumsey Chair and CEO Cummins Inc. * See Appendix A for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures referenced in this section. TABLE OF CONTENTS 500 Jackson Street, Box 3005, Columbus, Indiana 47202-3005 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS To Our Shareholders: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2026 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of Cummins Inc. will be held virtually on Tuesday, May 12, 2026, at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time, for the following purposes: 1. to elect the eleven nominees named in the attached proxy statement as directors for the ensuing year; 2. to consider an advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers; 3. to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; 4. to approve our 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan; 5. to consider a shareholder proposal to adopt a policy for the separation of the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer; 6. to consider a shareholder proposal requesting a report on the company s charitable support; and 7. to transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held in a virtual meeting format only. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. We believe a virtual meeting allows broader access by our shareholders and other parties without restricting participation while also reducing the environmental impact and cost of conducting the meeting. Only shareholders of our Common Stock of record at the close of business on March 16, 2026, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting. If you do not expect to be present virtually at the meeting, you are urged to vote your shares by telephone, via the Internet, or by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and returning it promptly in the envelope provided. You may revoke your proxy card at any time before the meeting. Except with respect to shares attributable to accounts held in the Cummins Retirement and Savings Plans, any shareholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting who attend the meeting will be entitled to cast their votes electronically during the meeting. NICOLE Y. LAMB-HALE Corporate Secretary April 2, 2026 On April 2, 2026, we will commence mailing the notice of Internet availability of proxy materials, or a proxy statement, proxy card and annual report, to shareholders. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 12, 2026: the Annual Report and Proxy Statement are available at www.proxyvote.com DATE May 12, 2026 TIME 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time RECORD DATE March 16, 2026 BY THE INTERNET Visit the website noted on your proxy card to vote online BY TELEPHONE Use the toll-free telephone number on your proxy card to vote by telephone BY MAIL Sign, date, and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope to vote by mail TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our forecasts, guidance, preliminary results, expectations, hopes, beliefs and intentions on strategies regarding the future. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements relating to our plans and expectations for our revenues and EBITDA. Our actual future results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements because of a number of factors, including, but not limited to: any adverse consequences resulting from entering into agreements with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, California Air Resources Board, the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General s Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024, including required additional mitigation projects, adverse reputational impacts and potential resulting legal actions; increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies, as well as unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of emission standards around the world; evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives; any adverse consequences from changes in tariffs and other trade disruptions; changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies; emissions deregulation; changes in taxation; global legal and ethical compliance costs and risks; future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered products; raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages; aligning our capacity and production with our demand; the actions of, and income from, joint ventures and other investees that we do not directly control; large truck manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs or experiencing financial distress, or change in control; product recalls; variability in material and commodity costs; the development of new technologies that reduce demand for our current products and services or not successfully developing new technologies and products to effectively address the energy transition; lower than expected acceptance of new or existing products or services; product liability claims; our sales mix of products; climate change, global warming, more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, greenhouse gas regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change; our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions, divestitures or exiting the production of certain product lines or product categories and related uncertainties of such decisions; increasing interest rates; challenging markets for talent and ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel; exposure to potential security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology environment and data security; the use of artificial intelligence in our business and in our products, services and features, and challenges with properly managing its use; political, economic and other risks from operations among, between and within numerous countries including political, economic and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of our business; competitor activity; increasing competition, including increased global competition among our customers in emerging markets; failure to meet sustainability expectations or standards, or achieve our sustainability goals; labor relations or work stoppages; foreign currency exchange rate changes; the performance of our pension plan assets and volatility of discount rates; the price and availability of energy; continued availability of financing, financial instruments and financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support our future business; and other risks detailed from time to time in our SEC filings, including particularly in the Risk Factors section of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this proxy statement and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available at https://www.sec.gov or at https://www.cummins.com in the Investor Relations section of our website. TABLE OF CONTENTS About Cummins Inc. Cummins Inc., a global power leader, is committed to powering a more prosperous world. Since 1919, we have delivered innovative solutions that move people, goods and economies forward. Our five business segments Engine, Components, Distribution, Power Systems and Accelera by Cummins offer a broad portfolio, including advanced diesel, electric and hybrid powertrains; integrated power generation systems; critical components such as aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls, transmissions, axles and brakes; and zero-emissions technologies like battery and electric powertrain systems. With a global footprint, deep technical expertise and an extensive service network, we deliver dependable, cutting-edge solutions tailored to our customers needs, supporting them through the energy transition with our Destination Zero strategy. We create value for customers, investors and employees and strengthen communities through our corporate responsibility global priorities: education, equity and environment. Headquartered in Columbus, Indiana, Cummins employs approximately 67,400 people worldwide and earned $2.8 billion on $33.7 billion in sales in 2025. Learn more at www.cummins.com TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2026 ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING PROXY SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 7 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Items 1 through 11 on the Proxy Card) 16 NOMINEES FOR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 16 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 25 ADVISORY VOTE ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (Item 12 on the Proxy Card) 76 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Item 13 on the Proxy Card) 77 APPROVAL OF 2026 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN (Item 14 on the Proxy Card) 81 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL (Item 15 on the Proxy Card) 93 STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION 94 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL (Item 16 on the Proxy Card) 97 STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION 98 STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS 100 OTHER BUSINESS 102 APPENDIX A RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 104 APPENDIX B 2026 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 110 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2026 ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING Generally We are furnishing this proxy statement in connection with the solicitation by our Board of Directors of proxies to be voted at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Tuesday, May 12, 2026, and at any adjournment thereof, which we refer to as our Annual Meeting. This proxy statement, together with the enclosed proxy card, is first being made available to our shareholders on or about April 2, 2026. Holders of our Common Stock of record at the close of business on March 16, 2026, are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. On that date there were issued and outstanding 138,257,420 shares of Common Stock, each of which is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a shareholder vote at the Annual Meeting. Each share of Common Stock represented by a properly executed and delivered proxy card will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on that proxy card, unless such proxy card has been previously revoked. If no instructions are indicated on a signed proxy card, the shares represented by such proxy card will be voted as recommended by our Board. A shareholder may revoke his or her proxy card at any time before the Annual Meeting by delivering to our Corporate Secretary written notice of such revocation. This notice must include the number of shares for which the proxy card had been given and the name of the shareholder of such shares as it appears on the stock certificate(s), or in book entry form on the records of our stock transfer agent and registrar, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., evidencing ownership of such shares. In addition, except with respect to shares attributable to accounts held in the Cummins Retirement and Savings Plans (the Cummins RSPs ), any shareholder who has executed a proxy card but is present virtually at the Annual Meeting will be entitled to cast his or her vote electronically instead of by proxy card, thereby canceling the previously executed proxy card. Participants in the Cummins RSPs who hold shares of Common Stock in their account and provide voting instructions to the trustee with respect to such shares will have their shares voted by the trustee as instructed. Such participants will be considered named fiduciaries with respect to the shares allocated to their accounts solely for purposes of this proxy solicitation. If no voting instructions are provided, shares held in the accounts will be voted in the same manner and proportion as shares with respect to which valid voting instructions were received. Any instructions received by the trustee from participants regarding their vote shall be confidential. Cummins RSPs participants may attend the Annual Meeting virtually but cannot vote the shares in their Cummins RSPs at the Annual Meeting. Information About the Virtual Annual Meeting ATTENDANCE AND PARTICIPATION Our virtual Annual Meeting will be conducted on the Internet via live webcast. You will be able to participate online and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMI2026. Shareholders will be able to TABLE OF CONTENTS vote their shares electronically during the Annual Meeting. We believe a virtual meeting allows broader access by our shareholders and other parties without restricting participation while also reducing the environmental impact and cost of conducting the meeting. To participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card or your voting instruction form. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time. We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting prior to the start time. Online access will begin at 10:45 a.m. Eastern Time. The virtual Annual Meeting platform is fully supported across browsers (Edge, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. Participants should ensure they have a strong Internet connection wherever they intend to participate in the Annual Meeting. Participants should also allow plenty of time to log in and ensure that they can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the Annual Meeting. QUESTIONS Following adjournment of the formal business of the Annual Meeting, the Chair and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Jennifer Rumsey, will give a presentation about the company s business. At the conclusion of this presentation, the company will address appropriate general questions from shareholders regarding the company. We may also respond to questions on an individual basis or by posting answers on our Investor Relations website after the meeting. Shareholders eligible to vote may submit questions to the CEO by logging into the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMI2026 typing a question into the Ask a Question field, and clicking Submit. Your question or comment should be addressed to the CEO, who will either respond or refer it to others as appropriate. Time permitting, the CEO will attempt to answer as many questions as possible. It will help us if questions are succinct and cover only one topic per question. Questions from multiple shareholders on the same topic or that are otherwise related may be grouped, summarized and answered together. If there are any matters of individual or personal concern to a shareholder and not of general concern to all shareholders, or if a question posed was not otherwise answered, such matters may be raised separately after the Annual Meeting by contacting Investor Relations at www.cummins.com. Recording of the Annual Meeting is prohibited. A webcast playback, including responses to shareholder questions, will be available at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMI2026 24 hours after the completion of the meeting. TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES Technical support, including related technical support phone numbers, will be available on the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CMI2026 beginning at 10:45 a.m. Eastern Time on May 12, 2026, through the conclusion of the Annual Meeting. IMPORTANT: If you hold your shares in a brokerage account, you should be aware that, due to New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, rules, if you do not affirmatively instruct your broker how to vote within 10 days prior to our Annual Meeting, your broker will not be permitted to vote your shares (i) for the election of directors; (ii) on the advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers; (iii) on the approval of our 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan; (iv) on the shareholder proposal to adopt a policy for separation of the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer; or (v) the shareholder proposal requesting a report on the Company s charitable support . Therefore, you must affirmatively take action to vote your shares at our Annual Meeting. If you do not affirmatively vote your shares, your shares will not be voted (i) for the election of directors; (ii) on the advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers; (iii) on the approval of our 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan; (iv) on the shareholder proposal to adopt a policy for separation of the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer; or (v) on the shareholder proposal requesting a report on the Company s charitable support. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 1 PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained in this proxy statement, but it does not contain all the information you should consider. We urge you to read the entire proxy statement before you vote. This proxy statement is being made available to shareholders on or about April 2, 2026. WE WILL BE VOTING ON THE FOLLOWING MATTERS: Agenda Item Voting Recommendation More Information 1. Election of eleven directors nominated by Cummins Board FOR EACH NOMINEE Page 16 2. Advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers FOR Page 76 3. Ratification of independent registered public accounting firm FOR Page 77 4. Approval of our 2026 Omnibus Incentive Plan FOR Page 81 5. Shareholder proposal to adopt a policy for separation of the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer AGAINST Page 93 6. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on the Company s charitable support AGAINST Page 97 Committee Memberships Director Nominees Age Director Since Audit Talent and Comp Finance Governance Safety Environment and Tech JENNIFER W. RUMSEY Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Cummins Inc. 52 2022 GARY L. BELSKE Retired Deputy Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer, Ernst Young 69 2022 BRUNO V. DI LEO ALLEN Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Bearing-North LLC 69 2015 DANIEL W. FISHER Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ball Corporation 53 2023 CARLA A. HARRIS Senior Client Advisor, Morgan Stanley 63 2021 THOMAS J. LYNCH Retired Chairman, TE Connectivity plc 71 2015 WILLIAM I. MILLER Retired President, The Wallace Foundation 69 1989 KIMBERLY A. NELSON Retired Senior Vice President, External Relations, General Mills, Inc. 63 2020 KAREN H. QUINTOS Retired Chief Customer Officer, Dell Technologies Inc. 62 2017 JOHN H. STONE President and Chief Executive Officer, Allegion plc 55 2024 MATTHEW TSIEN Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of General Motors Company 65 2025 Chair Member TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Our 2025 Performance In 2025, our revenues were $33.7 billion, down slightly from the prior year. Sales in North America decreased 3 percent and international revenues increased 2 percent compared to 2024. 2025 marked a historic year for Cummins as we delivered strong financial and operational results amid persistent market uncertainty and weakness in our North America heavy-duty and medium- duty truck markets. Our Distribution and Power Systems segments achieved record full-year sales and EBITDA as a result of disciplined execution and robust demand for data center backup power. Effective cost management and our diversified portfolio allowed us to deliver strong results and raise performance cycle over cycle despite a challenging market environment. * See Appendix A for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures referenced in this section. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 3 Composition of the Board BOARD INDEPENDENCE AND COMPOSITION Our Board represents a balance of longer-tenured members with in-depth knowledge of our business and newer members who bring valuable additional attributes, skills and experience. Ten of our eleven director nominees are independent and provide strong oversight of our long-term strategy. We believe that directors with different backgrounds and experiences make our boardroom and our company stronger. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Our Board embodies a broad and diverse set of qualifications, skills and experiences as illustrated below. TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Corporate Governance Highlights We long have believed that good corporate governance is important in ensuring that we are managed for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. Board Leadership Annual assessment and determination of Board leadership structure Lead Director has a strong role and significant governance duties, including serving as Chair of the Governance Nominating Committee and of all executive sessions of independent directors Board Accountability All directors are elected annually via majority voting standard Our Board has adopted proxy access, shareholder right to call special meetings, and shareholder right to amend by-laws Board Evaluation and Effectiveness Board evaluation process led by Lead Director and facilitated by either Lead Director, the Office of the Corporate Secretary or third party (at discretion of Lead Director); facilitator schedules feedback calls with each Board member annually; recommends any improvements or enhancements derived from evaluations Annual feedback and evaluation session by each Committee Chair with its members on Committee performance; recommends any Committee improvements or enhancements Board Oversight of Risk ESG Our Board and its committees exercise robust oversight of the company s enterprise risk management program with dedicated time to review the top tier risks at every regular Board meeting Our Board or its committees review Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) strategies, risks and progress with dedicated time at every regular Board meeting Shareholder Engagement Board members routinely meet with top shareholders for conversations focused on our Board s skill set and refreshment and its oversight of a variety of topics including company strategy, growth, risk management, governance and ESG issues Board Refreshment 7 new directors added to Board since 2020 Director nominees represent different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives 2026 Recognition Highlights Our practices and policies have earned Cummins recognition on a range of issues. Just Capital Industry Leader, Commercial Vehicle and Machinery Forbes One of America s Best Employers for Company Culture and Engineers U.S. Veterans Magazine Top Veteran Friendly Employer AAA rating Morgan Stanley Capital International Dow Jones Best - in - Class North America Composite Index 19 th consecutive year Cummins Darlington marked its 60 th year being named one of Europe s Best Employers Disability Equality Index Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion designation with a perfect score for 5 th consecutive year TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 5 Executive Compensation ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our long-term success depends on our ability to attract, motivate, focus and retain highly talented individuals committed to Cummins vision, strategy and corporate culture. To that end, our executive compensation program is designed to link our executives pay to their individual performance, to Cummins annual and long-term performance and to successful execution of Cummins business strategies. We also use our executive compensation program to encourage high-performing executives to remain with us over the course of their careers. We believe the compensation packages for our Named Executive Officers reflect their extensive management experience, continued high performance, and exceptional service to Cummins. We also believe our compensation strategies have been effective in attracting executive talent and promoting performance and retention. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PRINCIPLES We believe the level of compensation received by executives should be closely tied to our corporate financial and stock price performance. This principle is apparent in the design of our executive compensation program and in the specific compensation packages we award. In addition to aligning our executives pay with performance, we follow several other principles when designing and implementing our executive compensation program. MARKET POSITIONING We believe that, on average, our executives target total direct compensation opportunity (consisting of base salary, target annual bonus, and target long-term incentive value) should be paid within a competitive range around the median of the market. SHORT-TERM / LONG-TERM MIX We believe that there should be an appropriate balance between annual and long-term elements of compensation commensurate with the position s decision-making time horizon and competitive context with an emphasis on long-term compensation, where appropriate. PAY AT RISK We believe that the more senior an executive s position, the more compensation should be at risk, which means it will vary based on Cummins financial and stock price performance. RETENTION We believe that our compensation program should support retention of our experienced executives and achievement of our leadership succession plans. SIMPLE AND TRANSPARENT We believe that our executive compensation program should be transparent to our investors and employees as well as simple and easy to understand. ALIGNMENT WITH SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS We believe that equity-based compensation and stock ownership should be a substantial part of our executive compensation program to link executives compensation with our shareholders returns. The greater the level of responsibility of the executive, the more his or her compensation should be stock-based and the higher his or her stock ownership requirement should be. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ELEMENTS Compensation Element Form of Payment Performance Metrics Rationale Base salary Cash Individual Performance Market-based to attract and retain skilled executives. Designed to recognize scope of responsibility, individual performance and experience. Annual bonus Cash Corporate Plan : EBITDA weighted at 70% and Operating Cash Flow weighted at 30% EBITDA and Operating Cash Flow provide a focus on profitable growth and working capital management across the company, which are critical to sustaining the level of investment necessary to position us for future growth TABLE OF CONTENTS 6 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Compensation Element Form of Payment Performance Metrics Rationale Hybrid Corporate/Accelera Plan : EBITDA weighted at 35%, Operating Cash Flow weighted at 15%, Accelera Revenue weighted at 20% and Accelera Strategic Scorecard weighted at 30% Accelera revenue and strategic measures provide a focus on the unique elements critical to establishing our position in zero emissions technologies, which will contribute to our future growth as markets adopt hydrogen and electric solutions; maintaining an equal weighting between Cummins and Accelera results ensures that incentives are linked appropriately to the results of both the entire enterprise and the Accelera segment Long-term incentive compensation Performance cash (30%) and Performance shares (70%) Return on Invested Capital (ROIC), weighted at 80% and EBITDA, weighted at 20% over a three-year period ROIC and EBITDA provide an incentive for profitable growth and correlate well with shareholder value. In addition to the core compensation elements described above, in 2025, we approved a special equity award consisting of performance-based restricted stock units to one of our Named Executive Officers. This award is described below under Special Equity Awards. TARGET COMPENSATION MIX We believe a significant amount of compensation for our most senior executives should be incentive-based and therefore at risk. TARGET TOTAL DIRECT COMPENSATION MIX* FISCAL YEAR 2025 * Target direct compensation consists of salary, target annual bonus and the target value of performance shares and performance cash awards granted in 2025. It does not include the value of the special equity awards consisting of performance based restricted stock units approved for certain of our Named Executive Officers in 2024 and 2025 as described below under Special Equity Awards. TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 7 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We long have believed that good corporate governance is important in ensuring that we are managed for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. We regularly engage with our shareholders to understand their expectations. We also benchmark our governance structure and policies against industry best practices and the practices of other comparable public companies. Our corporate governance principles, charters for each of our Board s Audit, Safety, Environment and Technology, Talent Management and Compensation and Governance and Nominating Committees, our code of business conduct and our by-laws, along with certain other corporate governance documents, are available on our website, www.cummins.com, and are otherwise available in print to any shareholder who requests them from our Corporate Secretary. Corporate Governance Overview Director Independence 10 of 11 director nominees are independent 5 fully independent Board Committees: Audit; Talent Management Compensation; Governance Nominating; Finance; and Safety, Environment Technology Board Leadership Annual assessment and determination of Board leadership structure Annual election of independent Lead Director whenever Chairperson/CEO roles are combined or when the Chairperson is not independent Lead Director has a strong role and significant governance duties, including serving as Chair of the Governance Nominating Committee and of all executive sessions of independent directors Board Accountability Annual election of all directors via majority voting standard Shareholder right to call special meetings (10% of voting power threshold) Proxy access for director nominees available to a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, holding a total of at least 3% of our common stock for at least 3 years Shareholder right to unilaterally amend the by-laws (upon a majority vote) Board Evaluation and Effectiveness Detailed Board and Committee evaluation process coordinated by our Lead Director and Governance and Nominating Committee Chair Board evaluation process led by Lead Director and facilitated by either Lead Director, Corporate Secretary or third party (at discretion of Lead Director); facilitator schedules feedback call with each Board member annually; recommends any improvements or enhancements derived from evaluations Annual feedback and evaluation session by each Committee Chair with its members on Committee performance; recommends any Committee improvements or enhancements Annual two-way feedback and evaluation sessions by Chairperson with each director Annual independent director evaluation of Chairperson and CEO Board Oversight of Risk ESG The Board and its Committees exercise robust oversight of the company s enterprise risk management program with dedicated time at every regular Board meeting Top tier risks are assigned to members of the Cummins Leadership Team Board and its Committees provide strong oversight of ESG risks and opportunities including regular reviews by full Board of ESG strategy and challenges and detailed reviews in the designated committees Shareholder Engagement Board members routinely meet with top shareholders for conversations focused on our Board s skill set and refreshment and its oversight of a variety of topics including company strategy, growth, risk management and ESG issues TABLE OF CONTENTS 8 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Refreshment 7 new directors added to Board since 2020 Director nominees represent different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives Goal of rotating Committee assignments every 3 to 5 years Mandatory director retirement age Director Engagement All of the directors attended 75% or more of the aggregate number of meetings of our Board and the committees on which they served during 2025 Limits on director/CEO membership on other public company boards Our directors routinely visit company locations without our CEO present to interact directly with managers and employees. In 2022, 6 individual directors visited 4 different locations in the United States, and in 2023, 9 individual directors visited 6 different locations in China, Canada, and the United States. In 2024, individual directors visited 5 different locations in the United States. In 2025 all visited 1 manufacturing location in the United States and 1 of our directors visited a location in Brazil. Clawback and Anti-Hedging Policies Clawback policy requires us to recover certain incentive-based compensation in the event of certain financial restatements and permits us to recover compensation (other than base salary) if there is a material restatement resulting from the fraudulent actions of any officer or if an officer engages in certain types of misconduct causing significant reputational or financial harm Directors and officers prohibited from engaging in any pledging, short sales or hedging investments involving our common stock Additional Governance Features Director Selection and Board Refreshment It is a top priority of our Board and our Governance and Nominating Committee that our directors have the skills, background and values to effectively represent the long-term interests of our shareholders and other stakeholders. Throughout the year, our Board reviews a matrix of the qualifications, skills and experience that we believe our Board needs to have and discusses whether there are any gaps that need to be filled that will improve our Board s performance. We assess potential new director candidates based upon the matrix and whether they possess the qualifications, skills and experience needed by our Board. When we identify potential new director candidates, we review extensive background information compiled by our professional search firm, evaluate their references, consider their prior board experience and conduct virtual and in-person interviews. We also focus on board refreshment because we believe that new perspectives and ideas are essential for an innovative and strategic board. Since 2020, we have added seven new directors to our Board. Our director nominees represent different perspectives. The Governance and Nominating Committee routinely reviews the Board s committee assignments with a goal of rotating membership on committees every three to five years. The Board reviews committee assignments annually. Our Board will continue to review and refresh the skills, qualifications and experiences that our Board needs to have to serve the long-term interests of our shareholders. As required by our corporate governance principles, our Governance and Nominating Committee must recommend director nominees such that our Board is comprised of a substantial majority of independent directors and possesses a variety of experience and backgrounds, including those who have substantial experience in the business community, those who have substantial experience outside the business community (such as public, academic or scientific experience) and those who will represent our stakeholders as a whole rather than special interest groups or individual constituencies. Each candidate must have sufficient time available to devote to our affairs and be free of any conflict of interest that would violate any applicable law or regulation or interfere with the proper performance of his or her responsibilities, including being able to represent the best long-term interests of all of our shareholders and other stakeholders. Each candidate also should possess substantial and significant experience that would be of particular importance to us in the performance of his or her duties as a director. The Committee does not intend to alter the manner in which it evaluates candidates, including the foregoing criteria, based on whether or not the candidate was recommended by a shareholder. Trading in Cummins Securities Policy Our Trading in Cummins Securities Policy governs the purchase, sale and other disposition of company securities by the company and our directors, officers and employees. We believe our Trading in Cummins Securities Policy is reasonably designed to TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 9 promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the listing standards of the NYSE. A copy of our Trading in Cummins Securities Policy was filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Importance of Diversity One of our core values is diversity and inclusion. We believe our business performance is stronger when our management team and Board bring different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. In evaluating candidates for our Board, our Governance and Nominating Committee considers only potential directors who share this value, as well as our other core values of integrity, caring, excellence and teamwork. As reflected in our corporate governance principles, we are committed to equal employment opportunities in assembling our Board. We believe our Board has been effective in assembling a highly-qualified, diverse group of directors. We will continue to identify opportunities to enhance our Board diversity in terms of skill, background, experience and perspective as we consider future candidates. We believe our business performance is stronger when our management team and Board bring different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Shareholder Outreach We believe that meaningful corporate governance should include regular conversations between our directors and our shareholders. Our Board members routinely meet with shareholders for conversations focused on our Board s skill set and refreshment and its oversight of a variety of topics, including company strategy, growth, risk management and sustainability issues. In addition, our Executive Director Investor Relations and our Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary held discussions in 2025 with several top investors to capture their input on governance matters and practices, including our ESG team, as appropriate, for each discussion. We capture the feedback from these sessions and present it to the full Board for its consideration. Succession Planning CEO and leadership succession planning is one of our Board s most important responsibilities. Many times throughout the year, our full Board discusses succession planning for our CEO and other critical leaders of the company. At least once a year, our Board dedicates itself to examining the succession plans for our complete leadership team. Sustainability Sustainability is not new to Cummins. For several decades sustainability, including our efforts related to environmental, social and governance issues, have been critical elements of our long-term business and growth strategies. Since the 1970s, Cummins has focused on producing engines that reduced the environmental impact, supported healthier communities, and embraced diversity and inclusion among our values. Led by the support and oversight of our Board, we continue our focus on sustainability to drive innovation and growth. We ensure Board oversight of our top ESG risks and opportunities in the following committees depending upon the topic: Talent Management and Compensation Committee; Safety, Environmental and Technology Committee; Audit Committee and the Governance and Nominating Committee. We also review our sustainability strategy and progress regularly with the full Board. The company s Executive Director, Global Risk, is accountable for executing our strategic direction for sustainability and serves as a primary point of contact for the Board and the Cummins executive management team. Below is a summary of our achievements over the past 12 months: TABLE OF CONTENTS 10 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2025 ACHIEVEMENTS Acquired the assets of First Mode including its hybrid mining and rail product lines and full IP portfolio in hydrogen and battery powertrain solutions bringing to market the first commercially available retrofit hybrid system for mining equipment, lowering total cost of ownership for customers and accelerating operational decarbonization. X15N proved real-world performance in year one ; near - zero emissions with diesel-like power, validated by NACFE and customers. A chieved a global Every Employee Every Community (EEEC) participation rate of 82% for the full year. This represents over 6 6 ,000 Cummins employees across the world who volunteered 380 ,000 hours globally . Received the Suppliers Partnership for the Environment (SP) 2025 award for our Cummins Water Works . Because of our successful execution of our business strategies in 2025, Cummins received multiple awards and recognition including maintaining our ESG rating at AAA, the highest rating possible, by Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). The rating accompanied other strong listings including placing on the Dow Jones Best-in-Class North America Composite Index and the JUST 100 Index, JUST Capital s ranking of America s Most JUST Companies where Cummins achieved Industry Leader status. To learn more about the company s sustainability efforts, go to the company s ESG web page at https://www.cummins.com/ company/esg. Websites disclosed herein are not incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. Independence Ten of our eleven director nominees qualify as independent directors within the meaning of the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the corporate governance standards for companies listed on the NYSE. Our Board has adopted independence standards that meet or exceed the independence standards of the NYSE, including categorical standards to assist the Governance and Nominating Committee and our Board in evaluating the independence of each director. The categorical standards are included in our corporate governance principles, which are available on our website at www.cummins.com. A copy also may be obtained upon written request. Following a discussion and applying the standards referenced above, the Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board determined that all director nominees standing for election, except Jennifer W. Rumsey, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer, qualify as independent. Based on the recommendation of the Committee, our full Board approved this conclusion. TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 11 Leadership Structure Our corporate governance principles describe in detail how our Board must conduct its oversight responsibilities in representing and protecting our company s stakeholders. As stated in the principles, our Board has the freedom to decide whom our Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer should be based solely on what it believes is in the best interests of our company. The roles of our Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer were combined in August 2023, when Ms. Rumsey was elected Chairperson of the Board following Mr. Tom Linebarger s resignation as Chairperson of the Board and Executive Chairperson. Currently, our Board believes it is in the best interests of our company for the roles of our Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer to be combined and to continue to appoint a Lead Director from among our independent directors. Our Board believes that this leadership structure currently assists our Board in creating a unified vision for our company, streamlines accountability for our performance and facilitates our Board s efficient and effective functioning. Our Board evaluates its policy on whether the roles of our Chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer should be combined on an annual basis. In doing so, our Board considers the skills, experiences and qualifications of our then-serving directors (including any newly elected directors), the evolving needs of our company, how well our leadership structure is functioning and the views of our shareholders obtained through regular shareholder engagement. Based on its review of our leadership structure, our Board continues to believe that Ms. Rumsey, our Chief Executive Officer, is the person best qualified to serve as our Chairperson of the Board given her history in executive positions with our company and her skills and experience in the industries in which we operate. Thomas J. Lynch is our independent Lead Director. Mr. Lynch was selected for this position because of his service on our Board since 2015 and his leadership positions in the public and private sector. Mr. Lynch is actively involved in setting and approving the Board s agendas and focus and works to create a collaborative atmosphere that leverages the strengths of our Board, encourages directors to actively question management when necessary and seeks to ensure that our Board is receiving the information necessary to complete its duties. The Lead Director also regularly meets with other directors and members of senior management outside of the regularly scheduled Board meetings to ensure that our Board is functioning effectively and to identify areas of potential improvement. Additionally, the Board and its committees provide oversight of the company s ESG risks and opportunities, including at least one annual review by our full Board of ESG strategy and challenges. The designated committees undertake detailed reviews of specific ESG risks and opportunities. For example, our Safety, Environment and Technology Committee provides primary oversight for environmental risks and opportunities and our Audit Committee provides oversight of the data integrity of ESG-related disclosures. Our Board or its committees dedicate time to review ESG strategy, risks and progress at every regular Board meeting. We believe that our Board s current leadership structure effectively supports the risk oversight function of our Board based on the level of independence, qualifications, diversity and skills of its members. OUR LEAD DIRECTOR S RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: SERVING as Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee; CONFERRING with the Chairperson on, and approving, Board meeting agendas and meeting schedules to ensure sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; CALLING AND PRESIDING over all meetings of the Board at which the Chairperson is not present, including executive sessions of independent directors and communicating feedback on executive sessions to the Chairperson; LEADING the annual performance reviews of the Chief Executive Officer and the Board; ENSURING open communication between our independent directors and the Chairperson and other management members; BEING AVAILABLE , when deemed appropriate by the Board, for consultation and direct communication with shareholders; REVIEWING , at his or her discretion, information to be sent to the Board; and CONFERRING with the Chairperson on other issues of corporate importance, as appropriate. TABLE OF CONTENTS 12 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Risk Oversight Our Board and its committees are involved in the oversight of our material enterprise-related risks on an ongoing basis. The company has a mature enterprise risk management program that identifies, categorizes and analyzes the relative severity and likelihood of the various types of material enterprise-related risks to which we are or may be subject. The company has an executive risk council, comprised of the Executive Vice President and President Operations, Vice President Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary, Vice President Corporate Strategy and Vice President Chief Legal Officer that meets quarterly with our Executive Director, Global Risk to review and update our material enterprise-related risks and mitigation plans for each. We assign ownership of our most significant enterprise risks to a member of our executive management team. The Executive Director, Global Risk oversees enterprise risk management and sets the strategic direction for and the coordination of ESG and sustainability efforts of the company. Our Board, Audit Committee, Finance Committee, Talent Management and Compensation Committee, Governance and Nominating Committee and Safety, Environment and Technology Committee receive periodic reports and information directly from our senior leaders who have functional responsibility for the mitigation of our enterprise risks. Our Board and/or its appropriate committees then review such information, including management s proposed mitigation strategies and plans, to monitor our progress on mitigating the risks. For example, to oversee the company s work to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we have identified separate risks for enterprise cybersecurity and product cybersecurity. The Audit Committee provides primary oversight for enterprise cybersecurity while the Safety, Environment and Technology Committee provides oversight of product cybersecurity. Our Executive Director, Global Risk and our global cybersecurity leader meet regularly with the Board and its committees to review relevant areas including: A cybersecurity dashboard to track key metrics of the information security/cybersecurity program, Cybersecurity risk insurance to mitigate exposure to the company, and Metrics of the company s training and compliance program on information security and awareness of cyber risk. Additionally, the Board and its committees provide oversight of the company s sustainability risks and opportunities, including at least one annual review by our full Board of ESG strategy and challenges. The designated committees undertake detailed reviews of specific ESG risks and opportunities. For example, our Safety, Environment and Technology Committee provides primary oversight for environmental risks and opportunities and our Audit Committee provides oversight of the data integrity of ESG-related disclosures. Our Board or its committees review our sustainability strategy, risks and progress with dedicated time at every regular Board meeting. We believe that our Board s current leadership structure effectively supports the risk oversight function of our Board based on the level of independence, qualifications, diversity and skills of its members. Board of Directors and Committees Our Board held 5 meetings during 2025. All of the directors attended 75% or more of the aggregate number of meetings of our Board and the committees on which they served that were held during the periods in which they served. The non-employee members of our Board also met in executive session without management present as part of each regular meeting. Thomas J. Lynch, our current Lead Director, presided over these sessions. Under our corporate governance principles, our Board has established six standing committees, with five of the committees consisting entirely of independent directors. Certain of the principal functions performed by these committees and the members of our Board currently serving on these committees are as follows: TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 13 AUDIT COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 9 Members Gary L. Belske (Chair) Robert J. Bernhard* William I. Miller Kimberly A. Nelson Karen H. Quintos John H. Stone Matthew Tsien KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Oversees the integrity of our financial statements and related financial disclosures and internal controls over financial reporting. Reviews our accounting principles and procedures. Monitors the independence and performance of our external and internal auditors. Exercises oversight of the company s guidelines and policies concerning risk assessment and enterprise risk management, and, at least annually, reviews an enterprise risk management report and periodically reviews the status of risk areas for which it has oversight responsibility. Oversees the company s compliance with its ethics policies and legal and regulatory requirements. All members are independent directors as defined under our independence criteria, SEC rules and NYSE listing standards, including those specifically applicable to audit committee members. Our Board has determined that Mr. Belske is an audit committee financial expert for purposes of the SEC s rules and all members are financially literate for the purposes of the NYSE s rules. TALENT MANAGEMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 5 Members William I. Miller (Chair) Gary L. Belske Daniel W. Fisher Carla A. Harris KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Reviews and approves the company s compensation philosophy and strategy primarily for the Board and the officers of the company and others as the committee may designate from time to time. Reviews and oversees the company s strategies for and enterprise risks related to talent management. Assesses talent management policies, programs and processes. Administers and determines eligibility for, and makes awards under, our incentive plans. Establishes goals and approves the compensation for our Chief Executive Officer following a review of her performance, including input from all the other independent directors. Reports annually in the proxy statement regarding the company s executive compensation programs. Conducts an annual compensation risk assessment. All members are independent directors as defined under our independence criteria, SEC rules and NYSE listing standards, including those specifically applicable to compensation committee members. The Talent Management and Compensation Committee engaged Farient Advisors LLC ( Farient ) as its independent compensation consultant in 2025 to provide input and advice to the Committee concerning the compensation of our officers and our Board and related matters. FINANCE COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 3 Members Carla A. Harris (Chair) Bruno V. Di Leo Allen Daniel W. Fisher Thomas J. Lynch KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Reviews and advises our management and our Board on our financial strategy pertaining to our liquidity, creditworthiness, dividend policy, share repurchase policy, and financing requirements. Reviews exposure to various financial market risks and the financial risk management programs that hedge such risks. Reviews and advises on financing proposals for acquisitions, partnerships and other alliances of the company. Discusses key areas of shareholder interest and feedback on our performance and strategy. Monitors our shareholder base and provides counsel on investor relations activity. All members are independent directors as defined under our independence criteria, SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. TABLE OF CONTENTS 14 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GOVERNANCE AND NOMINATING COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 5 Members Thomas J. Lynch (Chair) Gary L. Belske Robert J. Bernhard* Bruno V. Di Leo Allen Daniel W. Fisher Carla A. Harris William I. Miller Kimberly A. Nelson Karen H. Quintos John H. Stone Matthew Tsien KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Reviews and makes recommendations to our Board with respect to its membership, size, composition, procedures and organization. Identifies potential director candidates to ensure the Board is composed of well qualified candidates with different backgrounds, experiences, skills and perspectives to oversee the company; engages a professional search firm to identify potential director candidates based on criteria selected by the Committee; and interviews identified candidates. Ensures the Board has a robust process for evaluating its performance and the performance of its committees and individual directors, including the use of a third-party consultant, as needed to facilitate feedback among Board members. Ensures the Board is providing effective ongoing director education and new director orientation. All members are independent directors as defined under our independence criteria, SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. SAFETY, ENVIRONMENT AND TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 5 Members Karen H. Quintos (Chair) Robert J. Bernhard* Bruno V. Di Leo Allen Thomas J. Lynch Kimberly A. Nelson John H. Stone Matthew Tsien KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Reviews the company s safety program with an emphasis on employee, workplace and product safety. Reviews the company s progress on major sustainability initiatives including the 2030 goals and the environmental management of our facilities and operations. Reviews key technology and product developments, talent, and portfolio investments tied to the company s Destination Zero strategy, with awareness of external technology evolution and substitution trends across core and new business areas. Reviews public policy developments, strategies, enterprise risks and positions taken by the company regarding safety, environmental, and technological matters that significantly impact the company and its operations and products. Reviews product and service quality, product cybersecurity, product regulations and compliance, and the application of advanced digital and artificial intelligence capabilities in support of safety, environment and technical initiatives, and guides related strategies and improvement initiatives. * Mr. Bernhard will retire from the Board effective at the conclusion of the Annual Meeting. Executive Committee The current members of our Executive Committee are Jennifer Rumsey (Chair), Thomas J. Lynch and William I. Miller. Our Executive Committee is authorized to exercise the powers of our Board in the management and direction of our business and affairs during the intervals between meetings of our Board. It also acts upon matters specifically delegated to it by our Board. Our Executive Committee did not meet during 2025. Shareholder Nominations Shareholder director candidate recommendations, including biographical information as to the proposed candidate and a statement from the shareholder as to the qualifications and willingness of such person to serve on our Board, along with the required disclosures set forth in our by-laws, must be properly and timely submitted in writing to our Corporate Secretary, as further described below. Any shareholder entitled to vote for the election of directors at a meeting may nominate a person or persons for election as directors only if written notice of such shareholder s intent to make such nominations is given, either by personal delivery or by mail, postage prepaid, to the Corporate Secretary of our company not later than 160 days in advance of the originally scheduled date of such meeting (provided, however, that if the originally scheduled date of such meeting is earlier than the anniversary of the date of the previous year s annual meeting, such written notice may be so given and received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date of the first public disclosure, which may include any public filing by the company with the SEC, of the originally scheduled date of such meeting). Each notice required by our by-laws must be signed manually or by facsimile by the shareholder of record and must set forth the information required by our by-laws, including (i) the name and address, as they appear on our books, of the shareholder who intends to make the nomination and of any beneficial owner or owners on whose behalf the nomination is made; (ii) a representation TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 15 that the shareholder is a holder of record of shares of our Common Stock entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (iii) certain other information regarding the shareholder and its interests in our company; (iv) the name, age, business address and residential address of each nominee proposed in such notice; (v) the principal occupation or employment of each such nominee; (vi) the number of shares of our capital stock that are owned of record or beneficially by each such nominee; (vii) with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to our Board, a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement described in our by-laws; (viii) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such shareholder as would have been required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the SEC had each nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, by our Board; (ix) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, including all arrangements or understandings pursuant to which the nominations are being made, between or among such shareholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or any other person or persons (naming such person or persons), on the other hand; and (x) the written consent of each nominee to serve as a director if so elected. The deadline for receiving any written notice of a shareholder s intent to make a nomination with respect to the Annual Meeting was the close of business on December 3, 2025, which was 160 days in advance of the Annual Meeting (which is typically held on the second Tuesday of each May). We received no such qualifying nominations before this deadline with respect to the Annual Meeting. In order for shareholders to give timely notice of director nominations at our 2027 annual meeting of shareholders for inclusion on a universal proxy card under Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, notice must be submitted by the same deadline as disclosed above under the procedures for Shareholder director candidate recommendations set forth in our by-laws and must also include the information in the notice required by our by-laws and by Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act. Communication with the Board of Directors Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with our Board, including our Lead Director and other non-management directors, by sending written communication to the directors c/o our Corporate Secretary, 301 East Market Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204. All such communications will be reviewed by the Corporate Secretary or his or her designee to determine which communications are appropriate to be forwarded to the directors. All communications will be forwarded except those that are related to our products and services, are solicitations or otherwise relate to improper or irrelevant topics as determined in the sole discretion of the Corporate Secretary or her or his designee. Our Corporate Secretary maintains and provides copies of all such communications received and determined appropriate to be forwarded to the Governance and Nominating Committee in advance of each of its meetings and reports to the Committee on the number and nature of communications that were not determined appropriate to be forwarded. We require all of our director nominees standing for election at an annual meeting of shareholders to attend such meeting. All of the director nominees standing for election at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders were present at the virtual meeting. We currently expect all director nominees to be present virtually at the 2026 Annual Meeting. TABLE OF CONTENTS 16 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Items 1 through 11 on the Proxy Card) General With the exception of Robert J. Bernhard, all of our current directors are nominated for reelection at the Annual Meeting to hold office until our 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Any submitted proxy will be voted in favor of the nominees named below to serve as directors unless the shareholder indicates to the contrary on his or her proxy. Except for director nominee Matthew Tsien, all nominees have been previously elected to our Board by our shareholders and have served continuously since the date indicated below. Majority Vote Required for Director Elections To be elected, each director nominee must receive a majority of the votes cast by shareholders at the Annual Meeting. Receipt by a nominee of the majority of votes cast means that the number of shares voted for exceeds the number of votes against that nominee. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as a vote either for or against a nominee. Our by-laws provide that the term of any incumbent director who receives more against votes than for votes in an uncontested election will automatically terminate at the shareholder meeting at which the votes were cast. In the case of a contested election, directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote in the election. Our Board expects that each of the nominees will be able to serve as a director if elected at the Annual Meeting, but if any of them is unable to serve at the time the election occurs, proxies received that have been voted either for such nominee or for all nominees or which contain no voting instructions will be voted for the election of another nominee to be designated by our Board, unless our Board decides to reduce the number of our directors. Nominees for Board of Directors The names of the nominees for directors, together with biographical sketches, including their business experience during the past five years, directorships of other public corporations and their qualifications to serve on our Board are set forth below, beginning with our Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, then followed by our independent directors in alphabetical order. TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 17 Our Board Recommends that Shareholders Vote for Each of the Nominees Set Forth Below. Director Since : 2022 Age : 52 Board Committees : Executive JENNIFER W. RUMSEY Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Cummins Inc. Ms. Rumsey was elected Chair of the Board effective August 1, 2023 and has been Chief Executive Officer since August 1, 2022. Ms. Rumsey was President and Chief Operating Officer from March 2021-August 2022. Ms. Rumsey was Vice President and President of our Components Segment from 2019-March 2021 after serving as Vice President and Chief Technical Officer from 2015-2019. From 2013-2015, she was our Vice President of Engineering, Engine Business, after holding a variety of engineering and product life cycle roles when she joined Cummins in 2000. Ms. Rumsey is a member of the Society of Women Engineers, Society of Automotive Engineers and Women in Trucking Association. She holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University and an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Ms. Rumsey served as a director of Hillenbrand, Inc. (NYSE: HI) from 2020-February 2026. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: As Chair and CEO of Cummins, Ms. Rumsey oversees all aspects of Cummins international operations, growth initiatives and the long-term company strategy supporting the transition to decarbonized power. She has deep experience in technology, engineering, manufacturing, and sales and marketing through her various leadership roles at a Fortune 500 company in the automotive and transportation industry. Ms. Rumsey provides global perspectives informed by her leadership of a company operating in approximately 190 countries. Her background includes product life cycle management, from advanced research to current product support, in engineering and product quality. Ms. Rumsey is experienced in building and leading high performing teams to define business strategy, partner with customers, and deliver strong business results. Director Since : 2022 Age : 69 Board Committees : Audit; Governance and Nominating; Talent Management and Compensation GARY L. BELSKE Retired Deputy Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer of Ernst Young Mr. Belske retired from Ernst Young (EY), a multinational professional services partnership, on December 31, 2016, after a 38-year career. He held many leadership positions at EY including the second highest position in the United States and the Americas, serving as Deputy Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer for 10 years. In this role, Mr. Belske was responsible for the overall strategy and operations of EY practices in the Americas, which encompassed business in 16 countries with approximately $15 billion in revenue, 50,000 employees and 4,000 partners. Mr. Belske served on EY s Americas and US Board for the last decade of his career at EY. He also served as chair of EY s Retirement Investment Committee and its Partner/Executive Compensation Committee. Mr. Belske currently serves as Chair of the Board of Trustees at Rockhurst University in Kansas City, MO and as a director on the board of WilliamsMarston, an advisory firm. Mr. Belske holds a B.S.B.A. from Rockhurst University, an M.A. in Accounting from the University of Missouri-Columbia and is a Certified Public Accountant. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: Mr. Belske is a financial expert as defined by the SEC and brings senior leadership insights to Cummins gained from more than three decades of experience in the accounting industry, providing financial and risk management expertise to highly regulated industries. Mr. Belske also brings international operations and investment experience derived through his prior roles at EY. TABLE OF CONTENTS 18 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Since : 2015 Age : 69 Board Committees : Finance; Governance and Nominating; Safety, Environment and Technology BRUNO V. DI LEO Allen Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Bearing-North LLC Mr. Di Leo is the founder and has been the Chief Executive Officer of Bearing-North LLC, an independent advisory firm focused on business expansion and senior executive counseling in strategy and operations, since 2018. He served as Senior Vice President, Sales Distribution for International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), a globally integrated technology and consulting company, from January 2012 until his retirement in June 2018. In that role, he was responsible for revenue, profit, and client satisfaction in Japan, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Greater China and the Middle East and Africa. He also oversaw IBM s Enterprise and Commercial client segments globally. From 2008-2011, he was General Manager for IBM s Growth Markets Unit based in Shanghai. Mr. Di Leo has more than 40 years of business leadership experience in multinational environments, having lived and held executive positions on four continents. Mr. Di Leo has served as a director of Ferrovial, S.E. (NASDAQ: FER), since 2018. He is a member of the international advisory board of Instituto de Estudios Superiores de la Empresa (IESE Business School) and is a member of the Deming Center Advisory Board of Columbia Business School. Mr. Di Leo holds a business administration degree from Ricardo Palma University and a postgraduate degree from Escuela Superior de Administracion de Negocios, both in his native Peru. He is fluent in Spanish, Portuguese, English and Italian. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: Mr. Di Leo has deep experience in technology, operations, and sales and marketing through his various leadership roles at a Fortune 500 company in the technology industry. Mr. Di Leo provides global perspectives, having lived and supported businesses on four continents. He also offers insights on disruptive technologies such as artificial intelligence. Director Since : 2023 Age : 53 Board Committees : Finance; Governance and Nominating; Talent Management and Compensation DANIEL W. FISHER Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ball Corporation Mr. Fisher served as Chairman of Ball Corporation (NYSE: BALL), a leading supplier of aluminum packaging for the beverage, personal care and household products industries, from April 2023 to November 2025 and Chief Executive Officer of Ball Corporation from April 2022 to November 2025. Mr. Fisher served as President of Ball Corporation from 2020-2022, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Global Beverage Packaging, from 2016-2020, and President, Global Beverage Packaging, from 2014-2016. Prior to that, Mr. Fisher served in leading Finance roles for North American company divisions of Ball Corporation. Prior to joining Ball Corporation in 2010, Mr. Fisher served as both Director, Finance, and Chief Financial and Information Technology Officer for Emerson Electric, a global technology, software and engineering company. He also held various leadership positions at Thomson Industries (Danaher Corporation), Bradken Corporation and Grey Mountain Partners. Mr. Fisher holds a B.A. in business administration and finance from Washington University, St. Louis and an M.B.A. with a focus in business administration from the University of Colorado, Denver. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: As a former Chairman and CEO of a global, public, manufacturing company, Mr. Fisher brings deep experience in international operations, global supply chains, manufacturing, sales and marketing, engineering, and technology. He has over three decades of financial experience at various global corporations, providing valuable insights in finance, strategy and risk management. Mr. Fisher provides global perspectives gained from his leadership of a global company and supporting global businesses throughout his career. TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 19 Director Since : 2021 Age : 63 Board Committees : Finance; Governance and Nominating; Talent Management and Compensation CARLA A. HARRIS Senior Client Advisor, Morgan Stanley Ms. Harris has served as Senior Client Advisor at Morgan Stanley, a global financial services firm, since January 2022. She is a co-portfolio manager of the Next Level Fund, an advisor to the Multicultural Innovation Lab and acts in various client coverage capacities. She served as Vice Chair of Wealth Management at Morgan Stanley from 2013-December 2021 and Chair of the Morgan Stanley Foundation from 2005-2014. She joined the merger and acquisitions team at Morgan Stanley in 1987 and had roles of increasing responsibility giving her broad experience in investment banking, equity capital markets, and equity private placements. She covered a wide range of industries including technology, media, retail, telecommunications, transportation, healthcare and biotechnology. In August 2013, Ms. Harris was appointed by President Barack Obama to chair the National Women s Business Council. Ms. Harris has served on the board of Walmart Inc. (NASDAQ: WMT) since June 2017, and serves on its Compensation and Management Development, Nominating and Governance and Strategic Planning and Finance Committees. Ms. Harris has also served on the board of MetLife, Inc. (NYSE: MET) since April 2022, and serves on its Investment and Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committees. She also serves on the boards of several nonprofit organizations including Hackensack Meridian Health, Sponsors for Educational Opportunity (SEO), Mother Cabrini Health Foundation, Sesame Workshop and the Morgan Stanley Foundation. Ms. Harris holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and an A.B. from Harvard College. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: Ms. Harris brings senior leadership experience in finance, strategy and risk management from her 38-year career at a global investment banking firm. Ms. Harris contributes insights on highly regulated industries and international operations, through her directorships at two Fortune 500 companies. She offers perspectives gained from her career experience in increasing client connectivity and penetration to enhance revenue generation. As an author of three books on leadership, Ms. Harris offers insights on talent development and retention. Director Since : 2015 Age : 71 Board Committees : Executive; Finance; Governance and Nominating; Safety, Environment and Technology THOMAS J. LYNCH Retired Chairman, TE Connectivity plc Mr. Lynch served as Chairman of TE Connectivity plc (formerly TE Connectivity Ltd.; Tyco Electronics Ltd.) (NYSE: TEL), a global provider of connectivity and sensor solutions, and harsh environment applications, from 2013 until his retirement in 2017, in addition to serving as Chief Executive Officer beginning in 2006 and as a director beginning in 2007. Mr. Lynch served as non-executive Chairman of TE Connectivity until his retirement in April 2024. From September 2004-January 2006, Mr. Lynch served as the President of Tyco Engineered Products Services, a global manufacturer of industrial valves and controls, and was a key leader in executing the separation of TE Connectivity from Tyco International. Mr. Lynch joined TE Connectivity from Motorola Solutions Inc. (NYSE: MSI), where he served as Executive Vice President and President and Chief Executive Officer of Motorola s Personal Communications Sector, a leading supplier of cellular handsets. Since 2018, he has served as a director of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADP), a leading global technology company providing human capital management solutions, and, effective February 2024, serves as the independent Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. In May 2022, Mr. Lynch retired as a director of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO), where he had served as a director since 2009 and as Lead Director since February 2020. Mr. Lynch also serves on the Board of The Franklin Institute and on the Rider University Board of Trustees. He holds a B.A. in Commerce from Rider University. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: As a former Chairman and CEO of a global, public, manufacturing company, Mr. Lynch brings deep experience in international operations, global supply chains, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and technology. Mr. Lynch offers insights regarding the automotive and transportation industry. He has significant experience as a public company board director, including current and former service as a lead director and non-executive chair, informing his expertise in transformation, innovation, strategic planning and compensation matters. TABLE OF CONTENTS 20 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Since : 1989 Age : 69 Board Committees : Audit; Executive; Governance and Nominating; Talent Management and Compensation WILLIAM I. MILLER Retired President, The Wallace Foundation Mr. Miller served as President of The Wallace Foundation, a national philanthropic organization whose mission is to help all communities build a more vibrant and just future by fostering advances in the arts, education leadership, and youth development from 2011 until his retirement in September 2025. Mr. Miller was the Chair of Irwin Management Company, a private investment firm, from 1990-2011. Mr. Miller serves as the Chair of the Boards of 11 mutual funds and 5 exchange traded funds managed by Capital Group, the boards of which meet simultaneously. He has served on mutual fund boards in this fund family since 1992. He holds a B.A. in English from Yale University and an M.B.A. from Stanford University. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: Mr. Miller brings senior executive leadership and financial experience gained from his roles as CEO of a public bank holding company, a general partner in a venture capital fund, and a real estate development firm. With over four decades of experience interacting with government agencies, Mr. Miller offers insights regarding regulatory and public policy issues. He also offers important perspectives stemming from his deep historical knowledge of our company. Director Since : 2020 Age : 63 Board Committees : Audit; Governance and Nominating; Safety, Environment and Technology KIMBERLY A. NELSON Retired Senior Vice President, External Relations, General Mills, Inc. Ms. Nelson served as Senior Vice President, External Relations, of General Mills, Inc. (NYSE: GIS), a leading global food company, from 2010 until her retirement in January 2018. In this global role, she led sustainability, consumer branding and communications, government affairs and public policy and external stakeholder relations. She served as President of the General Mills Foundation from 2011-2017. During her nearly 30-year career at General Mills, she held a number of senior brand and general management roles, including serving as President of the U.S. Snacks Division from 2004-2010. Ms. Nelson is a director of Tate Lyle PLC (OTCMKTS: TATYY) and serves on its Audit and Nominations Committees. She also serves as a director of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE: CL) and is a member of its Personnel Organization and Nominating, Governance Corporate Responsibility Committees. She is a member of the Executive Leadership Council, Women Corporate Directors, and the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD). Ms. Nelson also serves on the board of The Wallace Foundation. Ms. Nelson holds an M.B.A. in Marketing from Columbia Business School and a B.S. in International Relations from Georgetown University. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: As a former senior executive of a public, global company, she brings deep experience in international operations, global supply chains, and manufacturing. Ms. Nelson brings an in-depth knowledge of sales and marketing, including strategies to enhance the customer experience. Ms. Nelson also offers insights and a strategic view into sustainability matters. TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 21 Director Since : 2017 Age : 62 Board Committees : Audit; Governance and Nominating; Safety, Environment and Technology KAREN H. QUINTOS Retired Chief Customer Officer at Dell Technologies Inc. Ms. Quintos served as the first Chief Customer Officer of Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE: DELL), a global end-to-end technology provider, with a comprehensive portfolio of IT hardware, software and service solutions spanning both traditional infrastructure and emerging, multi-cloud technologies, from 2016 until her retirement in June 2020. Ms. Quintos led Dell s global customer strategy and programs as well as Diversity and Inclusion, Corporate Responsibility and Entrepreneurship strategy and programs. From 2010-2016, Ms. Quintos served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Vice President of public sector marketing and North America commercial marketing, and held executive roles in services, support and supply chain management. Ms. Quintos joined Dell from Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), a financial services company, where she was Vice President of global operations and technology. Ms. Quintos holds an M.S. in marketing and international business from New York University and a B.S. in supply chain management from Pennsylvania State University. Ms. Quintos is a director of Lennox International Inc. (NYSE: LII) and serves as Chair of its Governance Committee and serves on its Executive Committee. She is the founder of Dell s Women in Action Employee Resource group, the Interfaith Employee Resource Group and Dell s Women Entrepreneur Network. She serves on the board of trustees of Pennsylvania State University and the board of visitors of Smeal College of Business Advisory Board. Ms. Quintos also serves on the boards for The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, as well as TGEN (Translational Genomics). Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: As a former senior executive of a public, global, technology company, Ms. Quintos brings deep experience in international operations, global supply chains, and manufacturing. Ms. Quintos provides insights on sales and marketing, branding, communications, go-to-market strategy, and customer data. She brings deep knowledge and strategic views on sustainability and inclusion. TABLE OF CONTENTS 22 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Since : 2024 Age : 55 Board Committees : Audit, Governance and Nominating; Safety, Environment and Technology JOHN H. STONE President and Chief Executive Officer of Allegion plc Mr. Stone is President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Allegion plc (NYSE: ALLE), a leading global provider of security products and solutions, since July 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Stone served as President, Worldwide Construction, Forestry and Power Systems at Deere Company (NYSE: DE), a global provider of agricultural, construction and forestry from July 2020-May 2022, overseeing approximately $11.4 billion in revenue in 2021. Under his leadership, the segment delivered impressive expansion and profitability. As the prior head of Deere s Intelligent Solutions Group, Mr. Stone was also influential in its rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning capabilities, better integration of precision-ag technology into each of its flagship products and helping the company establish itself as a leader in technology. In that role, he led the company s acquisition of tech startup Blue River Technology, in addition to the establishment of the San Francisco John Deere Labs office and the precision-ag headquarters in Urbandale, Iowa. Mr. Stone enjoyed a 20-year career at Deere Company, and held additional leadership positions, including: vice president, Corporate Strategy Business Development; global director, Utility Tractor Product Line; and general manager, John Deere Ningbo (China) Works. Prior to Deere Company, Mr. Stone was a Six Sigma Black Belt quality engineer at General Electric and served as an infantry officer in the U.S. Army. Mr. Stone holds a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from the U.S. Military Academy and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: As CEO of a global, public company, Mr. Stone brings deep experience in international operations, global supply chains, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and engineering. Mr. Stone offers insights on innovation and technology including robotics, machine learning and AI. He brings extensive experience in business development, growth strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and business process excellence. TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 23 Director Since : 2025 Age : 65 Board Committees : Audit, Governance and Nominating; Safety, Environment and Technology Matthew Tsien Retired Executive Vice-President and Chief Technology Officer of General Motors Company Mr. Tsien s career spanned 45 years with General Motors Company (GM) (NYSE: GM), an American multinational automotive manufacturing company, and its group of companies from 1976 until his retirement in November 2021, where he built a strong track record in areas such as electrification and connectivity. He held various roles with GM, including Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, and President, General Motors Ventures (2020-2021); Executive Vice President and President, GM China (2014-2020); Vice President, Planning and Program Management, GM China and GM International, and Strategic Alliances for China (2012-2013) where he was responsible for product planning and program management for international markets encompassing Asia, Russia, the Middle East and Africa. Other prior roles include Executive Vice President, SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile China (2009-2011); Executive Director, Global Technology Engineering (2005-2008); Executive Director, Vehicle Systems, North America Product Development (2001-2005); Electrical Chief Engineer Germany (1999-2000); Regional Vehicle Line Executive Australia (1997-1998); Chief Technology Officer and Director, Business Planning China (1995-1997); and Director, Audio Systems Engineering, Delco Electronics (1992-1995). Tsien currently serves as a board member for AGCO Corporation (NYSE: AGCO), where he serves on the Audit Committee and the Talent and Compensation Committee and for Magna International (NYSE: MGA), where he serves on its Talent Oversight and Compensation Committee and the Technology Committee. He holds a bachelor s degree from Kettering University and master s degrees from Standford University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Summary of Qualifications, Skills and Experience: Mr. Tsien brings to the board extensive technology and engineering experience within the automotive industry, particularly from a large OEM perspective in China. Mr. Tsien brings strategic vision and technical depth. He has extensive experience in the globalization of technical development, advanced component and sub-systems engineering and the successful launch of next-generation vehicles. TABLE OF CONTENTS 24 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The table below summarizes key qualifications, skills and attributes most relevant to the decision to nominate the candidates to serve on our Board. A mark indicates a specific area of focus or experience on which the Board relies most. The lack of a mark does not mean the director nominee does not possess that qualification or skill. Each director nominee biography above in this section describes each nominee s qualifications and relevant experience in more detail. DIRECTORS Automotive Transportation Manufacturing Technology/ IT Sales/ Marketing Government/ Regulatory International Financial Sustainability Gary L. Belske Bruno V. Di Leo Allen Daniel W. Fisher Carla A. Harris Thomas J. Lynch William I. Miller Kimberly A. Nelson Karen H. Quintos Jennifer W. Rumsey John H. Stone Matthew Tsien TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 25 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Note from the Chair of Our Talent Management Compensation Committee As Chair of the Talent Management and Compensation Committee ( TMCC or Committee ), I am pleased with the continued focus by management and the Committee to successfully navigate a complex market and leverage our diversified portfolio of businesses in 2025 for the benefit of our shareholders and other stakeholders. Cummins demonstrated remarkable resilience in a shifting global landscape, including a downturn in our business cycle and changes in U.S. government policies. Under the leadership of our Chair and CEO, Jennifer Rumsey, we took advantage of surging demand for data center and mission-critical power solutions, and achieved strong financial results, highlighted by strong profitability and cash flow. Reflecting on the past year, our compensation philosophy and programs have served us well. Our current compensation program is straightforward, links to shareholder value through financial measures, and provides participants with line-of-sight as to how they can impact performance outcomes. In the wake of changing market demands, the TMCC decided to further simplify our compensation arrangements by incorporating our Accelera participants into our core Cummins incentive plans, rather than having separate Accelera measures for 2026. The Committee also continues to actively monitor and assess our workforce wellbeing, talent management, succession planning, climate stewardship, and the extent to which Cummins values of integrity, diversity and inclusion, caring, excellence, and teamwork are upheld for the long-term health and sustainability of the enterprise. We are extremely pleased with how our values continue to underpin, support, and guide everything we do. All TMCC members remain positive about Cummins outlook, and we appreciate your continued support. Sincerely, WILLIAM I. MILLER Chair TABLE OF CONTENTS 26 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Summary Cummins operates with a strong pay for performance and team-oriented philosophy and continued to do so in 2025. The summary below highlights our business results, how our talent management supported those results, our governance framework, and compensation for our executives and the rationale for those decisions. HOW DID WE PERFORM? KEY 2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS * See Appendix A for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures referenced in this section. In 2025, our revenues were $33.7 billion, down slightly from the prior year. Sales in North America decreased 3 percent and international revenues increased 2 percent compared to 2024. 2025 marked a historic year for Cummins as we delivered strong financial and operational results amid persistent market uncertainty and weakness in our North America heavy-duty and medium-duty truck markets. Our Distribution and Power Systems segments achieved record full-year sales and EBITDA as a result of disciplined execution and robust demand for data center backup power. Effective cost management and our diversified portfolio allowed us to deliver strong results and raise performance cycle over cycle despite a challenging market environment. In the second half of 2025, we recorded charges of $458 million related to the electrolyzer business within the Accelera segment, of which $415 million were non-cash. The charges reflect actions taken as part of a strategic review initiated in response to shifts in hydrogen adoption expectations. These decisions were aimed at streamlining operations and reducing ongoing costs in light of the weaker outlook for demand. Earnings per diluted share (EPS) were $20.50, compared to $28.37 in 2024. Adjusted EPS was $23.78 in 2025, an increase from $21.37 in 2024. 2025 adjusted EPS excludes the charges related to the electrolyzer business within Accelera ($3.28 per diluted share). 2024 adjusted EPS excludes the net benefit associated with the divestiture of Atmus ($9.28 per diluted share), cost related to the Accelera reorganization ($2.12 per diluted share), and cost related to restructuring expenses ($0.16 per diluted share). In 2025, we made significant progress in advancing key strategic priorities while continuing to deliver innovative technologies for our customers. In our Engine segment, Cummins introduced the much-anticipated B7.2 and X10 engines as part of our Cummins HELM fuel-agnostic engine platforms, delivering a new level of performance, durability and efficiency for heavy and medium-duty customers. In our Power Systems segment, we continued to advance hybrid solutions for mining customers through two significant actions this year. In February, we announced the acquisition of assets of First Mode, a leader in retrofit hybrid solutions TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 27 for mining and rail operations, to significantly reduce the total cost of ownership and advance decarbonization in operations for our customers. Additionally, we announced a collaboration with Komatsu to develop hybrid powertrains for surface hauling mining equipment. Also within our Power Systems segment, Cummins launched the 17 liter Centum Series engine platform generator, producing up to 1 megawatt of power within a compact footprint to meet the growing demand of power in urban environments. We look forward to building upon this progress in 2026 as we continue to invest in future growth, deliver for our customers, and generate strong returns for our shareholders. HOW DO OUR PAY STRATEGY AND PROGRAMS SUPPORT OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY? Our compensation programs are designed to drive our business strategy and results. Highlights of our 2025 compensation programs included: In recognition of Accelera s need to focus on different measures of success to attract and retain talent with different skills compared to those in the traditional core engine business, the performance measures in the short and long-term incentive plans for Accelera entities in 2023 and 2024 were tailored or blended to reflect the units or units for which the participant had responsibility. In 2025, given the increased long-term uncertainty about the timing of the transition to zero emissions technologies in commercial vehicles, we elected to retain some Accelera-specific performance measures in the short-term plan but had a single one Cummins long-term incentive plan for all employees, including those in Accelera. In 2026, we plan to return to using a single one Cummins approach for all employees in both the short and long-term incentive plans. In 2025, we also approved a special equity award consisting of performance-based restricted stock units to one of our Named Executive Officers. The TMCC approved the award and set the amount at a level that it believed would provide a strong retention incentive for overseeing critical strategic initiatives. This grant is described further below under Special Equity Awards. To help retain valuable talent and reinforce the alignment of interests between our employees and shareholders, our compensation program provides for broad participation in our equity incentive plans and heavy and strategic use of equity, where warranted. HOW DID OUR TALENT STRATEGIES AND ACTIONS SUPPORT OUR PERFORMANCE? We employ approximately 67,400 people operating in 54 countries around the globe. We believe that a global, diverse, and healthy workforce, supported by talented, inspiring leaders, is a critical ingredient to our maintaining a competitive advantage in our global marketplace. Our talent strategy is designed to Inspire and Encourage All Employees to Reach Their Full Potential. This strategy is built upon four pillars, each of which is described in more detail below: CUMMINS TALENT STRATEGY: BUILT ON FOUR PILLARS CREATE A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT ENGAGE EMPLOYEES AND FAMILIES IN IMPROVING WELLNESS DEVELOP SELF-AWARE AND EFFECTIVE LEADERS EVOLVE TALENT STRATEGIES TO MEET THE NEEDS OF THE BUSINESS AND OUR EMPLOYEES TABLE OF CONTENTS 28 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION FIRST PILLAR: CREATE A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Culture (DEIC) Governance At Cummins, every employee shares responsibility for advancing inclusion by valuing diverse perspectives and cultures, fueling innovation and strengthening our position as a global leader. Our success is rooted in a strong work ethic, core values and mutual respect among employees. Through robust, multifaceted training and intentional talent practices, we empower employees to grow, develop in their careers and reach their full potential. We remain committed to hiring the right people with the right skills for the right roles. Cummins firmly believes that diversity of thought, experience and background leads to better decisions, greater innovation and stronger business performance. Cummins manages diversity, equity, inclusion and culture ( DEIC ) as an enterprise operating capability that supports long-term value creation, talent continuity, and effective risk management. The Company s approach reflects governance discipline, leadership accountability, and consistent execution, aligned with its Human Capital Management strategy and fiduciary responsibilities to shareholders. Board Oversight The Board oversees DEIC as part of its broader governance of human capital, culture, and enterprise risk. Through regular engagement with management, the Board reviews workforce and leadership trends, succession-related information, and culture-related considerations relevant to the Company s ability to execute business strategy and sustain performance over time. DEIC considerations are integrated into Board oversight of leadership development, compliance, and organizational health, reinforcing accountability at the highest level. Management Accountability and Operating Model Management is responsible for embedding DEIC into core people and leadership systems rather than administering it as a standalone program. This includes integration across talent acquisition, development, and leadership capability building. Inclusive leadership behaviors are established through Values Difference , an enterprise competency applicable to all employees that defines clear expectations for inclusive behaviors across the organization. Higher proficiency levels are defined for leaders, reflecting the role of inclusive leadership in effective people management and execution, and are reinforced through enterprise-wide learning and capability development. Talent, Succession, and Business Continuity Cummins DEIC practices are designed to support leadership continuity by strengthening access to development opportunities for all employees and building depth across the talent pipeline. Global leadership and manager development initiatives, skills-building programs, and career mobility practices are aligned with long-term workforce planning and succession processes. These efforts are managed alongside the Company s broader talent and leadership processes and contribute to consistency and resilience across the organization. Measurement, Controls, and Risk Management The Company applies discipline in managing DEIC through workforce and leadership information that is monitored over time and considered as part of management and Board oversight. These inputs are reviewed in the context of talent outcomes, leadership effectiveness, and enterprise risk. DEIC-related practices operate within the Company s broader policy and compliance framework applicable to its global operations. Consistency and Long-Term Orientation Cummins approach to DEIC emphasizes continuity, legal compliance, durability, and year-over-year consistency. The Company has maintained a sustained focus on inclusive leadership, accessibility, and workforce representativeness, refining its systems as business and regulatory environments evolve. TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CUMMINS 2026 PROXY 29 SECOND PILLAR: ENGAGE EMPLOYEES AND FAMILIES IN IMPROVING WELLNESS At Cummins, providing meaningful and equitable health, wellness and compensation programs is at the center of our Total Rewards strategy. In 2025, we: Advanced our global Total Rewards modernization initiative, completing extensive employee preference research and market benchmarking to inform a redesigned Total Rewards framework aligned with employee needs and competitive market practices Marked the fifth year of our global It s Okay wellbeing program, a multi-pillar initiative supporting mental, financial, physical, and social health. We expanded the program s focus on financial wellness through the launch of a financial wellness education portal and enhanced learning resources, reinforcing our commitment to holistic employee wellbeing Expanded our Total Rewards education platform through the introduction of a real-time Total Rewards dashboard, providing employees with transparent, consolidated visibility into the value of their compensation, benefits, and rewards programs Expanded our U.S. benefit offerings to include voluntary supplemental medical programs to support the physical and financial wellness of our employees Expanded our health and wellness programming at the regional and local level through our onsite medical clinics with a primary focus on positive lifestyle behaviors for whole-person health, achieving improved member health metrics at many of our locations Integrated our onsite medical teams in our disability and neurodiversity inclusion and support programs Drove increased support and expertise for keeping our employees safe and well in the workplace by establishing a first of its kind remote Occupational Health training program for our onsite medical clinic physicians THIRD PILLAR: DEVELOP SELF-AWARE AND EFFECTIVE LEADERS Cummins views talent development and succession planning as critical to achieving the company s performance objectives. For talent development, we focus on the entire employee lifecycle experience, from recruitment and hiring, to development and progression, to retirement. To achieve a distinguishing positive experience, we focus holistically on our employees being able to easily learn about talent strategy and planning, leadership and other development opportunities, retention strategies, performance management, compensation and benefits management, and succession planning. We provide our leaders with the tools needed to advance their personal growth as well as their contribution to the sustainable growth of our enterprise. Cummins leadership programs are designed to provide impactful learning experiences that reflect our three core beliefs: Leaders need to build business acumen and emotional intelligence A leader s development starts with individual development and then moves to team development Leaders have a responsibility to teach and coach others Leadership development programs offer foundational knowledge and practical skills that leaders can apply every day. Each program starts by focusing on self-awareness. When leaders understand their own strengths and weaknesses, they can become more effective at inspiring and leading others. Self-aware leaders are more emotionally intelligent, allowing them to develop positive relationships with their team members and build trust, foster collaboration and lean into constructive conflict. These leaders create an inclusive environment where feedback can be shared and received openly and where individuals feel seen, heard and valued. By the end of 2026, we expect that more than 10,000 leaders will have completed Cummins foundational leadership development program which is focused on building self-awareness and core leadership behaviors to sustain the leadership culture and inspire all employees to reach their full potential. TABLE OF CONTENTS 30 CUMMINS 2026 PROXY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION FOURTH PILLAR: EVOLVE TALENT STRATEGIES TO MEET THE NEEDS OF THE BUSINESS AND OUR EMPLOYEES Cummins has created a strong work environment in which people can enter the organization at any stage of their careers and grow with the company, aided by best-in-class development programs. Given our long-term decarbonization strategy, we also recognize the need to act with agility at all levels, including mid- and senior-career hires, particularly with respect to our highly competitive technical positions. As a result, we implemented new approaches to help manage the career and pay progression of Cummins employees. This provides managers greater autonomy and flexibility so they can more effectively recruit, retain, and optimize the deployment of our people to overcome challenges in our highly competitive talent markets. We also ha