=== CMI_2026-02-10.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, “CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION,” should be considered in addition to the following statements. GOVERNMENT REGULATION While we have reached Settlement Agreements with the EPA, CARB, the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General's Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., we have incurred, and likely will incur, other additional claims, costs and expenses in connection with the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements and other matters related to our compliance with emission standards for our engines, including with respect to additional regulatory action and collateral litigation related to these matters. Those and related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In December 2023, we announced that we reached the agreement in principle and recorded a charge of $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024. This fourth quarter of 2023 charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreements subjects us to stipulated penalties. Subsequent to the second quarter of 2024, we recorded immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters. In connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we became subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements, and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. The consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 14, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our products are subject to extensive and evolving statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our engines are subject to extensive and evolving statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, the EU, state regulatory agencies (such as the CARB) and other regulatory agencies around the world. Regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. The discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Developing engines and components to meet more stringent and continuously changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. While we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. In addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. Any delays in implementation or enforcement could 18 Table of Contents result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives may adversely impact our operations, could impact the competitive landscape within our markets and could negatively affect demand for our products. Our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, carbon content, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. For example, in October 2023, the EPA published a final rule imposing reporting and recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers and importers of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. Concern over climate change has resulted in, and could continue to result in, new legal or regulatory requirements including those designed to reduce or mitigate carbon content or the effects of GHG emissions. We may become subject to further additional legislation, regulations or accords regarding climate change, and compliance with new rules could be difficult and costly, including increased capital expenditures. Our failure to successfully comply with any such legislation, regulation or accord could also impact our ability to compete in our markets and decrease demand for our products. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in tariffs and other trade disruptions could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries with respect to tariffs and other trade disruptions (such as embargoes, sanctions and export controls). The uncertain tariff environment, marked by the U.S. imposition of tariffs on certain countries, followed by the imposition of retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods and services by certain countries has introduced significant market volatility and raised concerns about potential economic impacts. The extent to which tariffs and/or other trade disruptions will be enacted and the duration for which enacted tariffs and/or other trade disruptions will be in place remain uncertain and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, our compliance with any such newly enacted tariffs and/or other trade disruptions is likely to require significant resources and data management systems and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies, and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we are found to not be in full compliance. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from international trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the U.S. trade relationships including those with China, Brazil, E.U. and the U.K. More restrictive trade policies, such as efforts to withdraw from or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, including, without limitation, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, could limit the sales of our products. Embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to China. In particular, changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on China, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving China and Chinese parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, access cash generated in China, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 19 Table of Contents Deregulation could impair our investments in future products and negatively impact our long-term growth and competitiveness. Our strategy includes significant investments in the development of new products and technologies, particularly those designed to meet or exceed current and anticipated regulatory requirements related to emissions, safety and environmental performance. Any significant reduction, delay, or elimination of, or failure to adopt or enforce, such regulatory requirements in key markets could reduce or delay demand for our products and services, increase our costs of producing or delay the introduction of new or modified products and services or restrict our existing activities, products, and services. In addition, any discontinuation or reduction of incentives or benefits for the development of technologies limiting the impact of climate change, or significant uncertainty regarding such efforts, may cause demand for certain of our future products to be less than we anticipate. Any such change in regulatory requirements or incentives may ultimately weaken or render obsolete the business case for certain research and development initiatives or capital investments. As a result, we may be required to reassess, scale back or discontinue investments in future products that were originally intended to address more stringent regulatory standards, and may fail to realize the intended benefits of, or recover the investments we have already made in, developing new products and technologies. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or industry standards which our products and services are not positioned to address, could adversely affect demand for our products and services. Deregulation or reduction in incentives may also lead to reduced industry-wide innovation, as both we and our competitors could deprioritize or delay the introduction of advanced technologies that are no longer mandated. This could limit our ability to differentiate our products, respond to evolving customer expectations or maintain leadership in markets where regulatory requirements remain in place or are later reinstated. Furthermore, if we have already made substantial investments in anticipation of future regulations that are subsequently rolled back, we may not be able to recover those costs, which could result in asset impairments or reduced returns on investment. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our long-term growth prospects, competitive position and financial results. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or their interpretations, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. The carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision. Our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk. Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to additional regulatory frameworks, including a complex system of commercial and trade regulations, around the world. In some cases, foreign regulatory frameworks are more stringent or complex than similar regimes in the U.S. Recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws from other countries and expected global sustainability regulations, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. These new and emerging regulations are likely to require significant resources and data management systems and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we do not fully comply. Our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the U.S. The activities of these entities may not comply with U.S. laws or business practices or our Code of Business Conduct. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term. In an effort to limit GHG emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. These countries include 20 Table of Contents China, India and Germany. In addition, California government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. To the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts. BUSINESS CONDITIONS / DISRUPTIONS We are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continue to experience pockets of supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain which are further impacted by the current global tariff environment. We single source a number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including, but not limited to, raw material availability, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes or unrest, shortages of labor, economic downturns, availability of credit, impaired financial condition, sanctions/tariffs, restrictions on the sale or distribution of critical rare earth metals, energy inflation/availability, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism). The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. Any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and increased levels of inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. In particular, increased levels of inflation, fluctuating interest rates and concerns regarding a potential economic recession may result in increased operating costs and/or decreased levels of profitability. Further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight, and our labor costs have increased as a result. Material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. We manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. In periods of weak demand, we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand, we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. For products where we are manufacturing at capacity, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products and services, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. However, if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our China-based investees. For 2025, we recognized $469 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $395 million in 2024. In 2025, nearly fifty percent of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees was from three of our 50 percent-owned joint ventures in China - Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd., Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. and Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. Although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. A significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Our truck manufacturers and OEM customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, experiencing financial distress or experiencing a change-in-control of one of our large truck OEM customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck OEM customers, which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. Many are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. Despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems 21 Table of Contents integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. In addition, increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers, financial distress of one of our large truck OEM customers due to a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. Any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 13, "PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY" to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. While we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. While the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs could result in declining margins. The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services, and we may not be successful in developing new technologies and products in order to effectively address the energy transition. We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. The ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. Furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified powertrains. We may face technological challenges and evolving government and customer requirements, and we may not succeed in anticipating them and developing the desired technologies and products on a timely basis. Some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own or source from other manufacturers. Additionally, competitors may develop these technologies and products before we do, and they may be viewed by our customers to be superior to technologies and products we may develop. If the energy transition landscape changes faster than anticipated or in a manner that we do not anticipate, demand for our products and services, as well as our relationships with various stakeholders, could be adversely affected. Alternatively, if the energy transition occurs more slowly than anticipated, demand for our new products and technologies may be lower than expected or we may need to reassess, scale back or discontinue investments in future products, and as a result, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in new products and technologies. Furthermore, if we fail or are perceived to not effectively implement an energy transition strategy, or if investors or financial institutions shift funding away from companies in fossil fuel-related industries, our access to capital or the market for our securities could be negatively impacted. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our result

=== CMI_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. Other than noted below, there have been no material changes to our risks described in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K or the “CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION” in this Quarterly report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently judge to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 45 Table of Contents ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following information is provided pursuant to Item 703 of Regulation S-K: Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) (1) January 1 - January 31 — $ — — $ 2,218 February 1 - February 28 — — — 2,218 March 1 - March 31 451,837 536.97 451,837 1,975 Total 451,837 536.97 451,837 (1) Shares repurchased under our Key Employee Stock Investment Plan only occur in the event of a participant default, which cannot be predicted, and were excluded from this column. In December 2021, the Board authorized the acquisition of up to $2.0 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the $2.0 billion repurchase plan authorized in 2019. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased $218 million of common stock under the 2019 authorization, completing this program, and repurchased $25 million of common stock under the 2021 authorization. The dollar value remaining available for future purchases under the 2021 program at March 31, 2026, was $1.98 billion. Our Key Employee Stock Investment Plan allows certain employees, other than officers, to purchase shares of common stock on an installment basis up to an established credit limit. We hold participants’ shares as security for the loans and would, in effect, repurchase shares only if the participant defaulted in repayment of the loan. Shares associated with participants' sales are sold as open-market transactions via a third-party broker. ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. ITEM 5. Other Information (c) During the first quarter of 2026, none of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated any “ Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” or “ non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 46 Table of Contents ITEM 6. Exhibits The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. CUMMINS INC. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 31(a) Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 31(b) Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025 , (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) the information included in Part II. Item 5(c). 47 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Cummins Inc. Date: May 5, 2026 By: /s/ MARK A. SMITH By: /s/ LUTHER E. PETERS Mark A. Smith Luther E. Peters Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Vice President-Controller (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer) 48 