=== CMI_2026-02-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. under the caption Risk Factors. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this annual report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. Business OVERVIEW We were founded in 1919 as Cummins Engine Company, a corporation in Columbus, Indiana, and one of the first diesel engine manufacturers. In 2001, we changed our name to Cummins Inc. We are a global power leader committed to powering a more prosperous world. Since 1919, we have delivered innovative solutions that move people, goods and economies forward. Our five reportable segments - Engine, Components, Distribution, Power Systems and Accelera - offer a broad portfolio, including advanced diesel, electric and hybrid powertrains; integrated power generation systems; critical components such as aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls, transmissions, axles and brakes; and zero emissions technologies like battery and electric powertrain systems. With a global footprint, deep technical expertise and an extensive service network, we deliver dependable, cutting-edge solutions tailored to our customers' needs, supporting them through the energy transition with our Destination Zero strategy. We sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), distributors, dealers and other customers worldwide. We serve our customers through a service network of approximately 640 wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distributor locations and more than 13,000 Cummins certified dealer locations in approximately 190 countries and territories. Divestiture of Atmus On March 18, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our remaining 80.5 percent ownership of Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. (Atmus) common stock through a tax-free split-off. The exchange resulted in a reduction of shares of our common stock outstanding by 5.6 million shares and a gain of approximately $1.3 billion. See NOTE 21, ATMUS DIVESTITURE, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Settlement Agreements In December 2023, we announced that we reached an agreement in principle with the EPA, CARB, the DOJ and the California Attorney General s Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024 (collectively, the Settlement Agreements). In the second quarter of 2024, we made $1.9 billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements. See NOTE 14, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. REPORTABLE SEGMENTS We have five complementary reportable segments: Engine, Components, Distribution, Power Systems and Accelera. These segments share technology, customers, strategic partners, brand recognition and our distribution network in order to compete more efficiently and effectively in their respective markets. In each of our reportable segments, we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, price, total cost of ownership, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. We use segment earnings or losses before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and noncontrolling interests (EBITDA) as the basis for the Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable segments. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. See NOTE 24, REPORTABLE SEGMENTS, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information and a reconciliation of our segment information to the corresponding amounts in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income . 5 Table of Contents Engine Segment Engine segment sales and EBITDA as a percentage of consolidated results were: Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Percent of consolidated net sales (1) 26 % 28 % 28 % Percent of consolidated EBITDA (1) 26 % 33 % 32 % (1) Measured before intersegment eliminations The Engine segment manufactures and markets a broad range of diesel, natural gas and gasoline-powered engines under the Cummins brand name, as well as certain customer brand names, for the heavy-duty truck, medium-duty truck and bus, light-duty automotive and off-highway markets. We manufacture a wide variety of engine products including: Engines with a displacement range of 2.8 to 15 liters and horsepower ranging from 48 to 715; and New and remanufactured parts and engines, which are sold and serviced primarily through our extensive distribution network. The Engine segment is organized by engine displacement size and serves these end-user markets: Heavy-duty truck - We manufacture diesel and natural gas engines that range from 310 to 615 horsepower serving global heavy-duty truck customers worldwide, primarily in North America, China and Australia. Medium-duty truck and bus - We manufacture diesel, natural gas and gasoline engines ranging from 130 to 450 horsepower serving medium-duty truck and bus customers worldwide, with key markets including North America, Europe, Latin America, China, Australia and India. Applications include pick-up, delivery, emergency vehicles, regional haul and vocational trucks and school, transit and shuttle buses. We also provide diesel engines for Class A motor homes (RVs), primarily in North America. Light-duty automotive (pick-up and light commercial vehicle (LCV)) - We manufacture 105 to 430 horsepower diesel engines, including engines for the pick-up truck market for Stellantis N.V. (Stellantis) in North America and LCV markets in Latin America and China. Off-highway (industrial engines) - We manufacture diesel engines that range from 48 to 715 horsepower serving key global markets including construction, agriculture, mining, marine, rail, oil and gas and defense as well as the power generation business for standby, mobile and distributed power generation solutions throughout the world. The principal customers of our heavy-duty truck engines include truck manufacturers such as PACCAR Inc. (PACCAR), Traton Group (Traton) and Daimler Trucks AG (Daimler). The principal customers of our medium-duty truck and bus engines include truck manufacturers such as Daimler, Traton and PACCAR. The principal customers of our light-duty automotive engines are Stellantis, Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Co., Ltd., Volkswagen Caminh es e nibus and China National Heavy Duty Truck Group. We sell our industrial engines to manufacturers of construction and agricultural equipment including Hyundai Heavy Industries, Komatsu Ltd. (Komatsu), J.C. Bamford Excavators Ltd., Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science Technology Co., Ltd, Xuzhou Construction Machinery Group, Guangxi LiuGong Machinery Co., Ltd, JLG Industries, Inc. and SANY Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. In the Engine segment, our competitors vary from country to country, with local manufacturers generally predominant in each geography. Other independent engine manufacturers include Weichai Power Co., Ltd., Yuchai and Deutz AG. Truck OEMs may also elect to produce their own engines, and we must provide competitive products to win and keep their business. Truck OEMs that currently produce some or all of their own engines include Daimler, PACCAR, Traton, Volvo Powertrain, Ford Motor Company, China First Auto Works, Dongfeng Motor Corporation, CNH Industrial and Isuzu. 6 Table of Contents Components Segment Components segment sales and EBITDA as a percentage of consolidated results were: Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Percent of consolidated net sales (1) 25 % 28 % 32 % Percent of consolidated EBITDA (1) 26 % 32 % 36 % (1) Measured before intersegment eliminations The Components segment designs, manufactures and supplies products which complement the Engine and Power Systems segments, including drivetrain and braking systems for commercial diesel, gasoline and natural gas applications, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, fuel systems, valvetrain technologies, automated transmissions and electronics. We design and develop these products and systems to meet increasingly stringent emission and fuel economy standards. The Components segment is organized around the following businesses: Drivetrain and braking systems - We design, manufacture and supply drivetrain systems, including axles, drivelines, brakes and suspension systems primarily for commercial vehicle and industrial applications. We also market and sell on-highway, off-highway and other products principally for OEM dealers and other independent distributors and service garages within the aftermarket industry. We primarily serve markets in North America, Europe, South America, Asia Pacific, China and India. Emission solutions - We design, manufacture and integrate aftertreatment technology and solutions for the commercial on- and off-highway light-duty, medium-duty, heavy-duty and high-horsepower engine markets. Aftertreatment is the mechanism used to convert engine emissions of criteria pollutants, such as particulate matter, nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide and unburned hydrocarbons into harmless emissions. Our products include custom engineering systems and integrated controls, oxidation catalysts, particulate filters, selective catalytic reduction systems and engineered components, including dosers. Our emission solutions business primarily serves markets in North America, Europe, China, India, Brazil and Asia Pacific. We serve both OEM first fit and retrofit customers. Components and software - We design, manufacture and market turbocharger, fuel system and valvetrain technologies for light-duty, medium-duty, heavy-duty and high-horsepower markets. We also design, develop and supply electronic control modules, sensors and supporting software for on-highway, off-highway and power generation applications. We primarily serve markets in North America, China, Europe and India. Automated transmissions - We develop and supply automated transmissions for the heavy-duty commercial vehicle market. Automated transmissions include automated manual transmissions and automatic transmissions for internal combustion engines. The Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission Technologies (ECJV) joint venture is a consolidated 50/50 joint venture between Cummins Inc. and Eaton Corporation plc. and serves markets in North America and China. Atmus - On March 18, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our remaining 80.5 percent ownership of Atmus common stock through a tax-free split-off. See NOTE 21, "ATMUS DIVESTITURE," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Customers of the Components segment generally include the Engine, Distribution, Power Systems and Accelera segments, joint ventures including Tata Cummins Ltd., Dongfeng Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. and Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd., truck manufacturers and other OEMs, many of which are also customers of the Engine segment, such as PACCAR, Daimler, AB Volvo, Traton, Stellantis and other manufacturers that use our components in their product platforms. The Components segment competes with other manufacturers of aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, fuel systems, drivetrain systems and transmissions. Our primary competitors in these markets include Robert Bosch GmbH, Garrett Motion, Inc., Borg-Warner Inc., Tenneco Inc., Eberspacher Holding GmbH Co. KG, Allison Transmission, Knorr-Bremse AG and ZF Friedrichshafen AG. 7 Table of Contents Distribution Segment Distribution segment sales and EBITDA as a percentage of consolidated results were: Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Percent of consolidated net sales (1) 30 % 27 % 25 % Percent of consolidated EBITDA (1) 34 % 27 % 24 % (1) Measured before intersegment eliminations The Distribution segment is our primary sales, service and support channel. The segment serves our customers and certified dealers through a worldwide network of wholly-owned, joint venture and independent distribution locations. Wholly-owned locations operate and serve markets in the seven geographic regions noted below. Joint venture locations serve markets in South America, Southeast Asia, Middle East and India while independent distribution locations serve markets in these and other geographies. Distribution s mission encompasses the sale and support of a wide range of products and services, including power generation systems, high-horsepower engines, heavy-duty and medium-duty engines designed for on- and off-highway use, application engineering services, custom-designed assemblies, retail and wholesale aftermarket parts and in-shop and field-based repair services. We also provide selected sales and aftermarket support for the Accelera business. Our familiarity with a wide range of market applications allows us to tailor sales, service and support to meet customer-specific needs. The Distribution segment is organized and managed as seven geographic regions, including North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, China, India, Latin America and Africa and Middle East. Across these regions, our locations compete with distributors or dealers that offer similar products. In many cases, these competing distributors or dealers are owned by, or affiliated with the companies that are listed as competitors of the Engine, Components or Power Systems segments. These competitors vary by geographical location and application market. Power Systems Segment Power Systems segment sales and EBITDA as a percentage of consolidated results were: Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Percent of consolidated net sales (1) 18 % 16 % 14 % Percent of consolidated EBITDA (1) 31 % 23 % 16 % (1) Measured before intersegment eliminations The Power Systems segment is organized around the following product lines: Power generation - We are a global OEM offering standby and prime power generators ranging from 2 kilowatts to 3.5 megawatts, as well as controls, paralleling systems and transfer switches, for customers with data center, consumer, commercial, industrial, health care, prime rental fleet and defense applications. We also provide turnkey solutions for distributed generation and energy management applications using diesel, natural gas, battery energy storage systems and newer alternative sustainable fuels such as hydrotreated vegetable oil and renewable natural gas. Industrial - We design, manufacture, sell and support diesel and natural gas high-speed, high-horsepower engines up to 4,400 horsepower for a wide variety of equipment in mining, oil and gas, marine, rail and defense applications throughout the world. Generator technologies - We design, manufacture, sell and support A/C generator/alternator products and components for internal consumption and for external generator set assemblers. Our alternator products are sold under the Stamford and AVK brands and range in output from 7.5 kilovolt-amperes (kVA) to 11,200 kVA. Our customer base for Power Systems offerings is highly diversified, with customer groups varying based on their power needs. China, India, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa are our largest geographic markets outside of North America . 8 Table of Contents In the markets served by the Power Systems segment, we compete with a variety of independent engine manufacturers and generator set assemblers as well as OEMs who manufacture engines for their own products around the world. Our primary competitors are Caterpillar, Inc., MTU (Rolls Royce Power Systems Group) and Kohler/SDMO (Kohler Group), but we also compete with INNIO, Generac, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and numerous regional generator set assemblers. Our alternator business competes globally with Leroy Somer, Marathon Electric and Meccalte, among others. Accelera Segment The Accelera segment designs, manufactures, sells and supports electrified power systems with innovative components and subsystems, including battery and electric powertrain technologies. The Accelera segment is currently in the early stages of commercializing these technologies with efforts primarily focused on the development of electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. During 2025, due to the continued rapid deterioration in our electrolyzer markets and overall hydrogen markets, along with significant uncertainty in the alternative power markets resulting from reductions in government incentives, we fully impaired all of the goodwill for our electrolyzer business and wrote off certain inventory in the third quarter of 2025. These conditions prompted a further strategic review of this business in the fourth quarter of 2025. As a result of market conditions and the current business outlook, we intend to stop new commercial activity in the electrolyzer space, subject to information and consultation in accordance with local legal requirements. We will continue to fulfill existing customer commitments. See NOTE 22, ACCELERA ACTIONS, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We anticipate our customer base for Accelera offerings will be highly diversified, representing multiple end markets with a broad range of application requirements. We will continue to pursue relationships in markets as they adopt electric solutions. In the markets served by the Accelera segment, we compete with battery companies, powertrain component manufacturers and vertically integrated OEMs. Our primary competitors include Daimler, PACCAR, Traton, BYD Company Limited, Dana Incorporated and BorgWarner Inc. JOINT VENTURES, ALLIANCES AND NON-WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES We have a number of joint venture agreements and alliances with business partners around the world. Our joint ventures are either distribution or manufacturing entities. We also own controlling interests in non-wholly-owned manufacturing and distribution subsidiaries. In the event of a change of control of either party to certain of these joint ventures and other strategic alliances, certain consequences may result including automatic termination and liquidation of the venture, exercise of put or call rights of ownership by the non-acquired partner, termination or transfer of technology license rights to the non-acquired partner and increases in component transfer prices to the acquired partner. We will continue to evaluate joint venture and partnership opportunities in order to penetrate new markets, develop new products and generate manufacturing and operational efficiencies. Financial information about our investments in joint ventures and alliances is incorporated by reference from NOTE 3, INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES, to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 9 Table of Contents Our equity income from these investees was as follows: Years ended December 31, In millions 2025 2024 2023 Manufacturing entities Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. $ 89 24 % $ 60 20 % $ 36 11 % Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. 70 19 % 66 22 % 65 19 % Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. 64 18 % 42 14 % 47 14 % Tata Cummins, Ltd. 33 9 % 31 10 % 29 9 % All other manufacturers 29 8 % 25 (1) 9 % 91 27 % Distribution entities Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. 54 15 % 55 19 % 55 16 % All other distributors 25 7 % 17 6 % 16 4 % Cummins share of net income (2) $ 364 100 % $ 296 100 % $ 339 100 % (1) Included a $17 million impairment of our joint ventures in the fourth quarter of 2024 related to our Accelera strategic reorganization actions. See NOTE 22, ACCELERA ACTIONS, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (2) This total represents our share of net income of our equity investees and is exclusive of royalties and interest income from our equity investees. To see how this amount reconciles to equity, royalty and interest income from investees in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income , see NOTE 3, INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY INVESTEES, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information . Manufacturing Entities Our manufacturing joint ventures were generally formed with customers and are primarily intended to allow us to increase our market penetration in geographic regions, reduce capital spending, streamline our supply chain management and develop technologies. Our largest manufacturing joint ventures are based in China and are included in the list below. Our engine manufacturing joint ventures are supplied by our Components segment in the same manner as it supplies our wholly-owned Engine segment and Power Systems segment manufacturing facilities. Our Components segment joint ventures and wholly-owned entities provide drivetrain and braking systems for commercial diesel and natural gas applications, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers, fuel systems, valvetrain technologies, automated transmissions and electronics that are used with our engines as well as some competitors' products. The results and investments in our joint ventures in which we have 50 percent or less ownership interest (except for ECJV, which is consolidated due to our majority voting interest) discussed below are included in equity, royalty and interest income from investees and investments and advances related to equity method investees in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income and Consolidated Balance Sheets , respectively. Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. - Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. is a joint venture in China with Chongqing Machinery and Electric Co. Ltd. This joint venture manufactures several models of our heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel engines primarily serving the industrial and power generation markets in China. Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. - Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. (DCEC) is a joint venture in China with Dongfeng Automotive Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Corporation and one of the largest medium-duty and heavy-duty truck manufacturers in China. DCEC produces 2.5 liter to 14.5 liter diesel engines with a power range from 80 to 770 horsepower, natural gas engines and automated transmissions. On-highway engines are used in multiple applications in light-duty and medium-duty trucks, special purpose vehicles, buses and heavy-duty trucks with a main market in China. Off-highway engines are used in a variety of construction, power generation, marine and agriculture markets in China. Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. - Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. is a joint venture in China with Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd., a commercial vehicle manufacturer, which has two distinct lines of business - a light-duty business and a heavy-duty business. The light-duty business produces our families of ISF 2.5 liter to 4.5 liter high performance light-duty diesel engines in Beijing, which are used in light-duty and medium-duty commercial trucks, pick-up trucks, buses, multipurpose and sport utility vehicles with the main market in China. Certain types of small construction equipment and industrial applications are also served by these engine families. The heavy-duty business produces 7.0 liter to 14.5 liter high performance medium-duty and heavy-duty diesel and natural gas engines, which are used in commercial trucks, certain types of construction equipment and industrial applications. 10 Table of Contents Tata Cummins, Ltd. - Tata Cummins, Ltd. is a joint venture in India with Tata Motors Ltd., the largest automotive company in India and a member of the Tata group of companies. This joint venture manufactures Cummins' 3.8 to 8.9 liter diesel and natural gas engines in India with a power range from 75 to 400 horsepower for use in trucks and buses manufactured by Tata Motors, as well as for various on-highway, industrial and power generation applications for Cummins. Our Amplify Cell Technologies LLC (Amplify) joint venture meets the definition of a variable interest entity since the equity-at-risk is not currently sufficient to support the future operations of the joint venture. Accelera, Daimler Truck and US Holding LLC and PACCAR, Inc. each own 30 percent of the joint venture and have two board positions, while EVE Energy owns 10 percent and has one board position. All significant decisions require majority or super-majority approval of the board. As a result, we are not the primary beneficiary of the joint venture, and it is not consolidated. We account for the joint venture using the equity method. Our Amplify joint venture will manufacture battery cells for electric commercial vehicles and industrial applications. The joint venture was formed in May 2024, but is not expected to begin production until 2028. As of December 31, 2025, we contributed $412 million and our maximum remaining required contribution to the joint venture was $418 million, which could be reduced by future government incentives received by the joint venture. Our investment balance at December 31, 2025, net of operating losses, was $359 million. Distribution Entity Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. - Komatsu Cummins Chile, Ltda. is a joint venture with Komatsu America Corporation. The joint venture is a distributor that offers the full range of our products and services to customers and end-users in Chile and Peru. See further discussion of our distribution network under the Distribution segment section above. Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission Technologies - We have a majority voting interest in ECJV by virtue of a tie-breaking vote on the joint venture s board of directors. ECJV develops and supplies automated transmissions for the heavy-duty commercial vehicle markets in North America and China. Cummins India Ltd. - We have a controlling interest in Cummins India Ltd. (CIL), which is a publicly listed company on various stock exchanges in India. CIL produces medium-duty, heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel engines and generators for the Indian and export markets and natural gas spark-ignited engines for power generation, automotive and industrial applications. CIL also has distribution and power generation operations. SUPPLY The performance of the end-to-end supply chain, extending through to our suppliers, is foundational to our ability to meet customers' expectations and support long-term growth. We are committed to having a robust strategy for how we select and manage our suppliers to enable a market focused supply chain. This requires us to continuously evaluate and upgrade our supply base, as necessary, as we strive to ensure we are meeting the needs of our customers. We use a combination of proactive and reactive methodologies to enhance our understanding of supply base risks, which guide the development of risk monitoring and sourcing strategies. We use a process that groups products or services into categories based on similar characteristics, which helps us align our purchasing goals with overall business objectives (Category Strategy Framework). Our Category Strategy Framework process supports the review of our long-term needs and guides decisions on what we make internally and what we purchase externally. We design and/or manufacture our strategic components used in or with our engines, power generation units, drivetrain and braking systems and Accelera products. For externally purchased items, the strategies also identify the suppliers we should consider for long-term supply agreements to provide the best technology, the lowest total cost and highest supply chain performance. Key suppliers are managed through long-term supply agreements that seek to secure capacity, delivery and quality and to assure cost requirements are met over an extended period. Other important elements of our sourcing strategy include the following: expanding risk management scope to include sub-tier value chain suppliers for critical components; broadening dual and multi-sourcing where applicable; selecting and managing suppliers to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct; and assuring our suppliers comply with our prohibited and restricted materials policy. Disruption risk in certain categories of our supply chains exist and could negatively impact our ability to meet customer demand. We continue to monitor the supply chain disruptions utilizing early detection methods complemented by structured supplier risk and resiliency assessments. We increased frequency of formal and informal supplier engagement to address potentially impactful supply base constraints and enhanced collaboration to develop specific countermeasures to mitigate risks. 11 Table of Contents PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS We own or control a significant number of patents and trademarks relating to the products we manufacture. These patents and trademarks were granted and registered over a period of years. Although these patents and trademarks are generally considered beneficial to our operations, we do not believe any patent, group of patents or trademark (other than our leading brand house trademarks) is significant to our business. SEASONALITY While individual product lines may experience modest seasonal variation in production, there is no material effect on the demand for the majority of our products on a quarterly basis. LARGEST CUSTOMERS We have thousands of customers around the world and have developed long-standing business relationships with many of them. PACCAR is our largest customer, accounting for 13 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2025, 16 percent in 2024 and 16 percent in 2023. We have long-term supply agreements with PACCAR for our heavy-duty and medium-duty engines and aftertreatment, driveline and brake systems. While a significant number of our sales to PACCAR are under long-term supply agreements, these agreements provide for particular engine requirements for specific vehicle models and not a specific volume of engines or aftertreatment systems. PACCAR is our only customer accounting for more than 10 percent of our net sales in 2025. The loss of this customer or a significant decline in the production level of PACCAR vehicles that use our engines would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We have supplied engines to PACCAR for 81 years. A summary of principal customers for each reportable segment is included in our segment discussion. In addition to our agreement with PACCAR, we have heavy-duty and medium-duty engine and aftertreatment system supply agreements with Traton and Daimler. We also have an agreement with Stellantis to supply engines and aftertreatment products for its pick-up truck applications. Collectively, our net sales to these four customers, including PACCAR, were 31 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2025, 36 percent in 2024 and 37 percent in 2023. Excluding PACCAR, net sales to any single customer were less than 7 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2025, less than 9 percent in 2024 and less than 9 percent in 2023. These agreements contain standard purchase and sale agreement terms covering engine, aftertreatment and engine parts pricing, quality and delivery commitments, as well as engineering product support obligations. The basic nature of our agreements with OEM customers is that they are long-term price and operations agreements that help provide for the availability of our products to each customer through the duration of the respective agreements. Agreements with most OEMs contain bilateral termination provisions giving either party the right to terminate in the event of a material breach, change of control or insolvency or bankruptcy of the other party. BACKLOG Disruption risk in certain categories of our supply chains exist and could negatively impact our ability to meet customer demand. We have supply agreements with some truck and off-highway equipment OEM customers; however a large portion of our business is transacted through open purchase orders. Many of these open orders are historically subject to month-to-month releases and are subject to cancellation on reasonable notice without cancellation charges and therefore are not considered firm. We also have strong demand for our data center products extending out six to eight quarters. We continue to work closely with our suppliers and customers to meet the demand. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND ENGINEERING In 2025, we continued to invest in future critical technologies and products. We will continue to make investments to develop new products and improve our current technologies to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components, as well as development activities around electrified power systems with innovative components and systems including battery and electric power technologies. Our research, development and engineering (RD E) programs are focused on product improvements, product extensions, innovations and cost reductions for our customers. RD E expenditures include salaries, contractor fees, building costs, utilities, testing, technical IT expenses, administrative expenses and allocation of corporate costs and are expensed, net of contract reimbursements, when incurred. From time to time, we enter into agreements with customers and government agencies to fund a portion of the RD E costs of a particular project. When not associated with a sales contract, we generally account for these reimbursements as an offset to the related RD E expenditure. RD E expenses, net of contract reimbursements, were $1.4 billion each year in 2025, 2024 and 2023. Contract reimbursements were $54 million, $72 million and $81 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY We are committed to making people's lives better by powering a more prosperous world. That prosperity includes strong communities, robust business and environmental sustainability. 12 Table of Contents Our Board of Directors (the Board) and the senior management team oversee our top risks, while the Enterprise Risk Management program gives the Board and senior management a framework to help them understand, identify, assess, manage and monitor risks so we can meet our strategic objectives. The Board is ultimately responsible for assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. Managing risk effectively is on the agenda at every regular board meeting, and the Board reviews the entire Enterprise Risk Management program and the results of our latest enterprise risk assessment each year. As climate-related risks affect all aspects of the business, the enterprise risks incorporate, where relevant, climate-related aspects, with a separate stand-alone enterprise risk on climate change. The Board s Safety, Environment and Technology (SET) committee provides overall guidance and insight on major environmental sustainability initiatives such as our environmental sustainability strategy, as well as environmental management at our facilities and operations. Our business and sustainability strategies are intentionally and intricately aligned through Destination Zero our company s commitment to sustainability and helping our customers navigate the energy transition while growing our business. Our comprehensive environmental sustainability strategy focuses on three interconnected priority areas: decarbonization, materials and communities. The environmental sustainability strategy includes specific goals to achieve by 2030, including science-based greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets for facilities and newly sold products. We started reporting progress on these goals, most of which have a baseline year of 2018, in 2022. In 2025, we completed a planned midpoint review of our 2030 environmental sustainability goals. The review assessed the continued relevance and measurability of the goals in light of external environment shifts (e.g., evolving regulations, changing market dynamics and stakeholder expectations), emerging priorities and insights from our double materiality assessment and significant business developments, such as acquisitions and divestitures. Key outcomes of the 2030 midpoint goal review include: We are on our way to achieving several of our goals relating to GHGs, volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions, water consumption and waste in our facilities and operations. We are making impactful changes to our metrics to further our influence, including shifting the focus on material circularity from individual parts to new products and integrating the facilities and operations waste goals to strengthen efforts in achieving zero waste growth by 2030. We are advancing our product decarbonization strategy by increasing focus on the areas where we can directly deliver meaningful GHG reductions and help customers decrease emissions now and in the long term. This includes innovating lower-emissions technologies across our portfolio and focusing our efforts to reduce emissions from products in use through fuel-efficiency projects and technology upgrades. We are adding a new goal to address upstream GHG emissions from key suppliers through supplier engagement. The updated 2030 environmental sustainability goals are as follows: Reduce absolute GHG emissions from facilities and operations by 50 percent. Reduce scope three absolute lifetime GHG emissions from newly sold products by 25 percent. Reduce upstream scope three GHG emissions by engaging with key suppliers while continuing to deliver on customers commitments. Achieve zero waste growth and minimize single-use plastics in our facilities and operations. Create lifecycle plans for new products capable of ninety percent material circularity. Reduce volatile organic compounds emissions from paint and coating operations by 50 percent. Reduce absolute water consumption in facilities and operations by 30 percent. Produce net water benefits that exceed our annual water use in all our regions. Our most recent Sustainability Progress Report and Climate Transition Plan are available on our website at www.cummins.com/company/esg/sustainability-progress-reports. Our annual submissions to CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and S P Global 13 Table of Contents Corporate Sustainability Assessment are also available on our website. These reports are not incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE Settlement Agreements In December 2023, we announced that we reached an agreement in principle with the EPA, CARB, DOJ and the California Attorney General s Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024, (collectively, the Settlement Agreements). As part of the Settlement Agreements, among other things, we agreed to pay civil penalties, complete recall requirements, undertake mitigation projects, provide extended warranties, undertake certain testing, take certain corporate compliance measures and make other payments. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreements subjects us to stipulated penalties. We recorded a charge of $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the Settlement Agreements involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the U.S. This charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. We made $1.9 billion of payments required by the Settlement Agreements in the second quarter of 2024. Subsequent to the second quarter of 2024, we have recorded immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters. In connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we became subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements, and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. See NOTE 14, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Product Certification and Compliance Our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements worldwide that directly or indirectly impose standards governing emissions and noise. Over the past several years, we have increased our global environmental compliance presence and expertise to understand and meet emerging product environmental regulations around the world. Our ability to comply with these and future emission standards is an essential element in maintaining our leadership position in regulated markets. We strive to be a leader in developing and implementing technologies that provide customers with the highest performing products while minimizing the impact on the environment, and we have a long history of working with governments and regulators to achieve these goals. We remain committed to ensuring our products meet all current and future emission standards and delivering value to our customers. Announced in late 2019 and launched in early 2020, the Product Compliance and Regulatory Affairs team leads both engine emissions certification and compliance and regulatory affairs initiatives and provides updates to the SET Committee of the Board at least annually. This organization is led by the Vice President - Product Compliance and Regulatory Affairs and reports directly to the Chief Administrative Officer and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for product emissions matters. The focus of this organization is to strengthen our ability to design great products that help our customers win while complying with increasingly challenging global emission regulations. The organization also works to enhance our collaboration with the agencies setting the direction and regulations of emissions as we strive to meet every expectation today while planning for future changes. Other Environmental Statutes and Regulations Expenditures for environmental control activities and environmental remediation projects at our facilities in the U.S. were not a substantial portion of our annual expenses and are not expected to be material in 2026. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with laws and regulations applicable to our plants and operations. In the U.S., pursuant to notices received from federal and state agencies and/or defendant parties in site environmental contribution actions, we were identified as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended or similar state laws, at fewer than 20 manufacturing and waste disposal sites. Based upon our experiences at similar sites, we believe that our aggregate future remediation costs will not be material. We have established accruals that we believe are adequate for our expected future liability with respect to these sites. In addition, we have several other sites where we are working with governmental authorities on remediation projects. The costs for these remediation projects are not expected to be material. 14 Table of Contents HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES At December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 67,400 persons worldwide. Approximately 20,000 of our employees worldwide were represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2026 and 2030. Throughout our more than 100-year history, we always have recognized that people drive the strength of our business and our ability to effectively serve our customers and sustain our competitive position. We are focused on harmonizing our approach to talent to provide seamless opportunities and better experiences to our employees around the world. Our workforce strategy aims to cultivate an environment where all employees, regardless of employee type and location, know what is expected of them, are rewarded for their performance based on fair and equitable reviews and have access to differentiated experiences, tools and leadership coaching to help them develop. This strategy is anchored on developing authentic and capable leaders, building effective organizations, driving employee engagement, furthering our company values of caring, integrity, excellence, teamwork and diversity and inclusion, delivering quality experiences and providing benefits that advance the well-being of our people and their families. Leadership and Talent Development Developing our human capital resources is a key focus for us. The Board remains resolute in overseeing this focus and providing guidance to our leadership team, through a committed Talent Management Compensation Committee. We strive to create a leadership culture that begins with self-aware and capable leaders creating an environment in which all employees can thrive and reach their full potential. We encourage leaders to connect our people and their work to our mission, vision, values, brand promise and growth strategy, thus, motivating employees and hopefully helping them feel a higher sense of purpose in their contributions. We have designed leadership and talent development programs for employees ranging from the manufacturing floor and technicians through to middle management and executives. We are promoting a learning culture by providing employees and their managers with tools and resources to have meaningful development conversations, envision and plan their careers, thrive in their work and navigate in a large global organization. Through our talent strategy, our goal is to provide all employees with equitable access to the development and career opportunities that a global company, like Cummins, enables. Competitive Pay, Benefits and Well-Being To attract and retain the best talent, we focus on providing progressive, market-competitive pay, benefits and rewards. Our programs are designed to remain sustainable and responsive to the market while still honoring our core values. We provide benefit programs with the goal of supporting the emotional, financial, physical and social health of our employees throughout their career at Cummins. Some examples include base and variable pay, healthcare programs, global mental health support, paid time off, flexible work, retirement saving plans and employee stock purchase plans. When designing our base pay ranges, we conduct market analyses to ensure our ranges are competitive and our employees are advancing their earning potential. We also perform annual compensation studies to assess market movement, pay equity and living wages. We review wages globally as we continuously work to ensure we are fair, equitable, competitive and can attract and retain the best talent. We also provide an array of benefits as part of our total rewards program that are aligned with our values and focused on supporting employees and their families based on their unique needs, some of which include the following: healthcare plans that are tiered by salary, to ensure affordability to all of our employees; paid parental leave for primary and secondary caregivers; travel benefits and advanced medical services to support complex healthcare needs; global employee assistance programs; and a global mental health program, all designed to support employees and their families on the journey to well-being. We have established a flexible approach to in-person collaboration that reinforces our culture and strengthens employees social well-being through engaging and meaningful interactions with their teams. We ask that most employees spend at least 60 percent of their time in our facilities, with customers or with other key stakeholders to support our strategy and the communities we serve. Employee Safety and Wellness We are committed to being world-class in health and safety. We are committed to removing conditions that cause personal injury or occupational illness, and we make decisions and promote behaviors that protect employees from risk of injury. We publicly disclose metrics on our rate of recordable injuries, our rate of lost workdays due to injury, rate of ergonomic injuries and rate of potentially serious injuries and fatalities. Since 2020, we have taken many steps in the employee safety and wellness area including the following: Executed robust safety protocols for essential on-site personnel. 15 Table of Contents Implemented employee role classifications and an in-person time policy. The on-site with flexibility and off-site roles provide employees the ability to leverage on-site work for collaboration, problem solving and relationship building while also providing work flexibility. As part of this effort, we provide remote ergonomic evaluations and support to help employees create off-site workspaces that are safe. Provided high-quality clinical services at onsite and near-site medical clinics at several locations across the globe to support employee health and well-being. Launched a global mental health campaign to destigmatize and normalize conversations about mental health, promote mental well-being, encourage employees and their families to seek help when needed and promote company-provided resources. This campaign has been extended to include physical, emotional, financial and social pillars of well-being. Diversity and Inclusion Our commitment to inclusion dates back more than a half-century and continues to be core to our fabric and continued success. We leverage the strength of our broadly diverse, global workforce to drive innovation and business results and deliver superior solutions for our customers and communities. We do this through our commitment to fostering an accountable culture that champions our vision of a workforce mirroring the communities we serve. This commitment starts at the top with our Board and permeates throughout our organization as everyone plays a role in nurturing inclusive environments where all employees can reach their full potential and thrive. Our strong focus on cultivating an inclusive culture underscores our belief that a diverse and inclusive workforce is a core value and competitive advantage for us. This focus dates back to the early 1970s as reflected in a public statement made by our former Chairman, J. Irwin Miller: Character, ability and intelligence are not concentrated in one sex over the other, nor in persons with certain accents or in certain races or in persons holding degrees from universities over others. When we indulge ourselves in such irrational prejudices, we damage ourselves most of all and ultimately assure ourselves of failure in competition with those more open and less biased. Our long-standing commitment to diversity and inclusion is consistent with our commitment to follow the law everywhere, including, without limitation, complying with U.S. and global laws and regulations related to civil rights and anti-discrimination. We believe that we are in compliance with such laws and regulations in all material respects. For more information on the topics above, please go to https://www.sustainability.cummins.com. Information from our sustainability report and sustainability webpage is not incorporated by reference into this filing. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that Cummins files electronically with the SEC. The SEC's internet site is https://www.sec.gov. Our internet site is https://www.cummins.com. You can access our Investors and Media webpage through our internet site, by hovering on the heading Company and selecting Investor Relations link under the About Us section or directly at https://www.cummins.com/company/investor-relations. We make available, free of charge, on or through our Investors and Media webpage, our proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities Act of 1933, each, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We also have a Corporate Governance webpage. You can access our Governance Documents webpage through our internet site, https://investor.cummins.com/board-esg/governance/governance-documents. Code of Conduct, Committee Charters and other governance documents are included at this site. Our Code of Conduct applies to all employees, regardless of their position or the country in which they work. It also applies to the employees of any entity owned or controlled by us. We will post any amendments to the Code of Conduct and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE, on our internet site. The information on our internet site is not incorporated by reference into this report. 16 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Following are the names and ages of our executive officers, their positions with us at January 31, 2026, and summaries of their backgrounds and business experience: Name and Age Present Cummins Inc. position and year appointed to position Principal position during the past five years other than Cummins Inc. position currently held Jennifer Rumsey (52) Chair and Chief Executive Officer (2023) President and Chief Executive Officer (2022-2023) President and Chief Operating Officer (2021-2022) Vice President and President Components (2019-2020) Marvin Boakye (52) Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer (2022) Chief People and Diversity Officer Papa John's International (2019-2022) Jenny M. Bush (51) Vice President and President Power Systems (2022) Vice President Cummins Sales Service North America (2017-2022) Amy R. Davis (56) Vice President and President Accelera by Cummins and Components (2023) Vice President and President Accelera by Cummins (2020-2023) Vice President Cummins Filtration (2018-2020) Bonnie Fetch (55) Executive Vice President and President Operations (2025) Vice President and President Distribution Business (2024) Vice President Global Supply Chain and Manufacturing (2022-2023) Vice President DBU Supply Chain Services (2020-2022) Executive Director, Supply Chain DBU (2018-2020) John Gaidoo (50) Vice President Chief Legal Officer (2025) Vice President - Senior Deputy Counsel (2023-2025) Deputy General Counsel (2021-2023) Lead Lawyer - Employment and Labor Relations (2018-2021) Nicole Y. Lamb-Hale (59) Vice President Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary (2025) Vice President Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary (2023-2025) Vice President Chief Legal Officer (2022-2023) Vice President General Counsel (2021-2022) Managing Director and Washington, DC City Leader Kroll (2020-2021) Brett Merritt (49) Vice President and President Engine Business (2024) Vice President On-Highway Engine Business and Vice President of Strategic Customer Relations (2023) Vice President On-Highway Engine Business (2017-2023) Mark A. Smith (58) Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2019) Nathan R. Stoner (48) Vice President China ABO (2020) General Manager Partnerships and EBU China Joint Venture Business (2018-2020) Jeffrey T. Wiltrout (45) Vice President Corporate Strategy (2022) Executive Director Corporate Development (2021-2022) Strategy Director Power Systems Business Unit (2018-2021) Jonathan Wood (55) Vice President Chief Technical Officer (2023) Vice President New Power Engineering (2021-2023) Vice President Components Engineering (2018-2021) Shon Wright (51) Vice President and President Distribution Business (2025) Vice President Cummins Engine Components (2022-2024) Vice President and President - Cummins Turbo Technologies (2017-2022) Our Chair and CEO is elected annually by the Board and holds office until the meeting of the Board at which her election is next considered. Other officers are appointed by the Chair and CEO, are ratified by the Board and hold office for such period as the Chair and CEO or the Board may prescribe. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION, should be considered in addition to the following statements. GOVERNMENT REGULATION While we have reached Settlement Agreements with the EPA, CARB, the Environmental and Natural Resources Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the California Attorney General's Office to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., we have incurred, and likely will incur, other additional claims, costs and expenses in connection with the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements and other matters related to our compliance with emission standards for our engines, including with respect to additional regulatory action and collateral litigation related to these matters. Those and related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In December 2023, we announced that we reached the agreement in principle and recorded a charge of $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S., which became final and effective in April 2024. This fourth quarter of 2023 charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Settlement Agreements subjects us to stipulated penalties. Subsequent to the second quarter of 2024, we recorded immaterial amounts related to stipulated penalties we determined to be probable and estimable. Any further non-compliance with the Settlement Agreements will likely subject us to further stipulated penalties and other adverse consequences. We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters. In connection with our announcement of our entry into the agreement in principle, we became subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Settlement Agreements, and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. The consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 14, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our products are subject to extensive and evolving statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our engines are subject to extensive and evolving statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, the EU, state regulatory agencies (such as the CARB) and other regulatory agencies around the world. Regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. The discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Developing engines and components to meet more stringent and continuously changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. While we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. In addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. Any delays in implementation or enforcement could 18 Table of Contents result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives may adversely impact our operations, could impact the competitive landscape within our markets and could negatively affect demand for our products. Our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, carbon content, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. For example, in October 2023, the EPA published a final rule imposing reporting and recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers and importers of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. Concern over climate change has resulted in, and could continue to result in, new legal or regulatory requirements including those designed to reduce or mitigate carbon content or the effects of GHG emissions. We may become subject to further additional legislation, regulations or accords regarding climate change, and compliance with new rules could be difficult and costly, including increased capital expenditures. Our failure to successfully comply with any such legislation, regulation or accord could also impact our ability to compete in our markets and decrease demand for our products. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in tariffs and other trade disruptions could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries with respect to tariffs and other trade disruptions (such as embargoes, sanctions and export controls). The uncertain tariff environment, marked by the U.S. imposition of tariffs on certain countries, followed by the imposition of retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods and services by certain countries has introduced significant market volatility and raised concerns about potential economic impacts. The extent to which tariffs and/or other trade disruptions will be enacted and the duration for which enacted tariffs and/or other trade disruptions will be in place remain uncertain and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, our compliance with any such newly enacted tariffs and/or other trade disruptions is likely to require significant resources and data management systems and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies, and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we are found to not be in full compliance. We operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from international trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the U.S. trade relationships including those with China, Brazil, E.U. and the U.K. More restrictive trade policies, such as efforts to withdraw from or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, including, without limitation, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, could limit the sales of our products. Embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to China. In particular, changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on China, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving China and Chinese parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, access cash generated in China, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 19 Table of Contents Deregulation could impair our investments in future products and negatively impact our long-term growth and competitiveness. Our strategy includes significant investments in the development of new products and technologies, particularly those designed to meet or exceed current and anticipated regulatory requirements related to emissions, safety and environmental performance. Any significant reduction, delay, or elimination of, or failure to adopt or enforce, such regulatory requirements in key markets could reduce or delay demand for our products and services, increase our costs of producing or delay the introduction of new or modified products and services or restrict our existing activities, products, and services. In addition, any discontinuation or reduction of incentives or benefits for the development of technologies limiting the impact of climate change, or significant uncertainty regarding such efforts, may cause demand for certain of our future products to be less than we anticipate. Any such change in regulatory requirements or incentives may ultimately weaken or render obsolete the business case for certain research and development initiatives or capital investments. As a result, we may be required to reassess, scale back or discontinue investments in future products that were originally intended to address more stringent regulatory standards, and may fail to realize the intended benefits of, or recover the investments we have already made in, developing new products and technologies. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or industry standards which our products and services are not positioned to address, could adversely affect demand for our products and services. Deregulation or reduction in incentives may also lead to reduced industry-wide innovation, as both we and our competitors could deprioritize or delay the introduction of advanced technologies that are no longer mandated. This could limit our ability to differentiate our products, respond to evolving customer expectations or maintain leadership in markets where regulatory requirements remain in place or are later reinstated. Furthermore, if we have already made substantial investments in anticipation of future regulations that are subsequently rolled back, we may not be able to recover those costs, which could result in asset impairments or reduced returns on investment. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our long-term growth prospects, competitive position and financial results. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or their interpretations, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. The carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision. Our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk. Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to additional regulatory frameworks, including a complex system of commercial and trade regulations, around the world. In some cases, foreign regulatory frameworks are more stringent or complex than similar regimes in the U.S. Recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws from other countries and expected global sustainability regulations, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. These new and emerging regulations are likely to require significant resources and data management systems and could increase our cost of doing business, restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we do not fully comply. Our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the U.S. The activities of these entities may not comply with U.S. laws or business practices or our Code of Business Conduct. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term. In an effort to limit GHG emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. These countries include 20 Table of Contents China, India and Germany. In addition, California government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. To the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts. BUSINESS CONDITIONS / DISRUPTIONS We are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We continue to experience pockets of supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain which are further impacted by the current global tariff environment. We single source a number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including, but not limited to, raw material availability, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes or unrest, shortages of labor, economic downturns, availability of credit, impaired financial condition, sanctions/tariffs, restrictions on the sale or distribution of critical rare earth metals, energy inflation/availability, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism). The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. Any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and increased levels of inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. In particular, increased levels of inflation, fluctuating interest rates and concerns regarding a potential economic recession may result in increased operating costs and/or decreased levels of profitability. Further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight, and our labor costs have increased as a result. Material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. We manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. In periods of weak demand, we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand, we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. For products where we are manufacturing at capacity, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase manufacturing capacity to a level that meets demand for our products and services, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and could harm our business. However, if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our China-based investees. For 2025, we recognized $469 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $395 million in 2024. In 2025, nearly fifty percent of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees was from three of our 50 percent-owned joint ventures in China - Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd., Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. and Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. Although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. A significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Our truck manufacturers and OEM customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, experiencing financial distress or experiencing a change-in-control of one of our large truck OEM customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck OEM customers, which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. Many are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. Despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems 21 Table of Contents integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. In addition, increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers, financial distress of one of our large truck OEM customers due to a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. Any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 13, "PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY" to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. While we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. While the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs could result in declining margins. The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services, and we may not be successful in developing new technologies and products in order to effectively address the energy transition. We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified power systems and related components and subsystems. Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. The ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. Furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified powertrains. We may face technological challenges and evolving government and customer requirements, and we may not succeed in anticipating them and developing the desired technologies and products on a timely basis. Some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own or source from other manufacturers. Additionally, competitors may develop these technologies and products before we do, and they may be viewed by our customers to be superior to technologies and products we may develop. If the energy transition landscape changes faster than anticipated or in a manner that we do not anticipate, demand for our products and services, as well as our relationships with various stakeholders, could be adversely affected. Alternatively, if the energy transition occurs more slowly than anticipated, demand for our new products and technologies may be lower than expected or we may need to reassess, scale back or discontinue investments in future products, and as a result, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in new products and technologies. Furthermore, if we fail or are perceived to not effectively implement an energy transition strategy, or if investors or financial institutions shift funding away from companies in fossil fuel-related industries, our access to capital or the market for our securities could be negatively impacted. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. Offering engines and 22 Table of Contents services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. With increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. Our business is exposed to potential product liability claims. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. At any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. Furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us. GENERAL We may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, GHG regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change. The scientific consensus indicates that emissions of GHG continue to alter the composition of Earth s atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. The potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. These potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation. Concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses, accords and mitigation efforts. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce GHG emissions, and consumers are increasingly demanding products and services resulting in lower GHG emissions. We could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease GHG emissions. Increased input costs, such as fuel, utility, transportation and compliance-related costs, could increase our operating costs and negatively impact customer operations and demand for our products. As the impact of any additional future climate related legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Climate change may exacerbate the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, which may cause disruptions to our operations, including disrupting manufacturing, distribution and our supply chain. Our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions, divestitures or exiting the production of certain product lines or product categories may expose us to additional costs and risks. Part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions, divestitures and/or exiting the production of certain product lines or product categories to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. The successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. Accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. The exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management s attention from our existing business. Strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. If required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. Any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. Also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. In addition, if an 23 Table of Contents acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business or exit of a product line or product category may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in material costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate. Our business and operations are subject to i