=== UBER_2026-03-23.htm.gz ===
Uber Technologies, Inc - DEF 14A false 0001543151 DEF 14A 0001543151 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001543151 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001543151 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001543151 2021-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 2021-01-01 2024-12-31 0001543151 2021-01-01 2023-12-31 0001543151 2021-01-01 2022-12-31 0001543151 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001543151 UBER:ReportedGrantDateValueofEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:ReportedGrantDateValueofEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:YearEndFairValueofEquityAwardsGrantedDuringtheYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:YearEndFairValueofEquityAwardsGrantedDuringtheYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:ChangeinFairValueasofYearEndforUnvestedEquityAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:ChangeinFairValueasofYearEndforUnvestedEquityAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:FairValueasofVestingDateofEquityAwardsGrantedandVestedintheYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:FairValueasofVestingDateofEquityAwardsGrantedandVestedintheYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:ChangeinFairValueasofVestDateforEquityAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsthatVestedintheYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 UBER:ChangeinFairValueasofVestDateforEquityAwardsGrantedinPriorYearsthatVestedintheYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001543151 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Uber Technologies, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Uber s Mission We reimagine the way the world moves for the better Movement is what we power. It s our lifeblood. It runs through our veins. It s what gets us out of bed each morning. It pushes us to constantly reimagine how we can move better. For you. For all the places you want to go. For all the things you want to get. For all the ways you want to earn. Across the entire world. In real time. At the incredible speed of now. Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Letter from the Chairperson of the Board 2025 was another strong operating year Uber s fifth consecutive year of 20%+ annual Gross Bookings growth. (1) Dear Stockholders, On behalf of our entire Board, we thank you for your continued support of Uber. 2025 was another strong operating year Uber s fifth consecutive year of 20%+ annual Gross Bookings growth. (1) Very few companies are able to generate this much growth at this scale, and we re proud of the execution and innovation that has brought us to this point. In September, Uber joined the S P 100, reflecting our scale and financial strength. We entered 2026 with substantial momentum, a scaled and profitable platform, and a clear operating framework to continue driving durable growth. During 2025, we deployed capital in a disciplined manner, including growing share repurchases and strategic investments in autonomous vehicle (AV) technologies. We believe this balanced approach to capital allocation supports both near-term performance and long-term value creation. We advanced our AV program in 2025 with multiple new partnerships and deployments. Autonomy fundamentally amplifies the strengths of our existing platform: global scale, deep demand density, sophisticated marketplace technology, and decades of experience matching millions of trips in real time. We remain confident that AVs will unlock a massive long-term opportunity for the Company. Today, we facilitate over 40 million trips per day in over 70 countries, support flexible earning opportunities for 9.7 million Drivers and Couriers, and partner with over 1.3 million monthly Merchants worldwide. From a governance perspective, we continued to strengthen Board and leadership depth. We welcomed Nikesh Arora as an independent director and are benefiting from his expertise in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. We believe few leaders are as well positioned as Nikesh to augment the Board s oversight in these areas, strengthening our platform resilience and supporting long-term stockholder value. We also welcomed Andrew Macdonald into the role of President and Chief Operating Officer, and we successfully completed a Chief Financial Officer transition, welcoming Balaji Krishnamurthy. I would like to take this opportunity to offer my heartfelt thanks to our colleague David Trujillo, who will transition off our Board following the 2026 Annual Meeting. David has served on our Board since 2017, prior to our IPO, and his insight and dedication have been invaluable for the Company. We remain as committed as ever to serving our stockholders and the millions of people who interact with our platform every day. Thank you for your investment and partnership as we continue to build the future of Uber. Sincerely, Ronald Sugar Independent Chairperson of the Board of Directors (1) Gross Bookings growth on a constant currency basis. 2 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Meeting Information DATE TIME LOCATION RECORD DATE May 4, 2026 Virtual March 12, 2026 08:00 a.m. Pacific Time A live webcast of the Annual Meeting will be available at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/UBER2026 Items of Business Board s Recommendations 01 To elect the ten director nominees named in this proxy statement. FOR 02 To approve, by non-binding vote, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers (NEOs) as disclosed in this proxy statement (Say-on-Pay vote). FOR 03 To approve, by non-binding vote, the frequency of future Say-on-Pay votes. FOR ANNUAL VOTE 04 To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR To transact such other business as may properly come before the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. To Vote Prior to Annual Meeting BY INTERNET Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions BY TELEPHONE Call 1-800-690-6903 BY MAIL Sign, date, and return your proxy card in the postage-paid envelope Stockholders may participate in the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/UBER2026. Please see pages 4 and 85 of this proxy statement for additional information regarding participation in the virtual meeting. Your vote is very important to us. You can be sure your shares are represented at the meeting if you are a stockholder of record by promptly voting electronically over the internet or by telephone or by returning your completed proxy card in the pre-addressed, postage-paid return envelope (which will be provided to those stockholders who request to receive paper copies of these materials by mail). If your shares are held in street name, return your completed voting instruction card to your broker. If, for any reason, you desire to revoke or change your proxy, you may do so at any time prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 3, 2026. The proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors of Uber Technologies, Inc. This proxy statement is first being sent to stockholders on or about March 23, 2026. We cordially invite you to attend the meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Tony West Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary San Francisco, CA March 23, 2026 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Important Information About Uber s Virtual Annual Meeting Uber s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting) will be conducted virtually, via live webcast. As a global company with stockholders located around the world, we are focused on providing convenient access and promoting attendance and participation. The Board of Directors (Board) believes that a virtual format enhances attendance and active participation regardless of where a stockholder lives. Similar to prior years, stockholders without an internet connection or a computer will be able to listen to the meeting by calling a toll-free telephone number. We also intend to provide stockholders with the opportunity to communicate with the Board and management by submitting questions before and during the meeting on the virtual portal. A recording of the Annual Meeting will be available on our Investor Relations website for one year following the Annual Meeting. If you were a holder of record of Uber common stock at the close of business on March 12, 2026, you are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting on May 4, 2026. Below are some frequently asked questions regarding our Annual Meeting. How can I view and participate in the Annual Meeting? To participate, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/UBER2026 and log in with your 16-digit control number included in your proxy materials. When can I join the virtual Annual Meeting? You may begin to log in to the meeting platform beginning at 7:45 a.m. Pacific Time on May 4, 2026. The meeting will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time on May 4, 2026. How can I ask questions and vote? We encourage you to submit your questions and vote in advance by visiting www.proxyvote.com. Stockholders may also vote and submit questions virtually during the meeting (subject to time restrictions and to our Rules of Conduct). To participate in the meeting webcast, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/UBER2026. What if I lost my 16-digit control number? You will be able to log in as a guest. To view the meeting webcast, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/UBER2026 and register as a guest. If you log in as a guest, you will not be able to vote your shares or ask questions during the meeting. What if I don t have internet access? Please call 877-550-1810 (toll-free) or 848-488-9120 (international) to listen to the meeting proceedings. You will not be able to vote your shares or ask questions during the meeting. What if I experience technical difficulties? Please call 844-986-0822 (U.S.) or 303-562-9302 (international) for assistance. Where can I find additional information? For additional information about how to attend the Annual Meeting, please see Additional Information, starting on page 85, which includes our Rules of Conduct for our Annual Meeting. If there are questions pertinent to meeting matters that cannot be answered during the Annual Meeting due to time constraints, management will post answers to a representative set of such questions at investor.uber.com. The questions and answers will remain available until Uber s 2027 Proxy Statement is filed. We also encourage you to read our Annual Report on Form 10-K available at www.proxyvote.com. Your vote is important to us! Please vote today at www.proxyvote.com 4 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Table of Contents Letter from the Chairperson of the Board 2 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 3 Voting Agenda 6 Proxy Statement Summary 8 2025 Platform Highlights 8 Nominees for Board of Directors 10 Corporate Governance Highlights 11 Board Oversight 11 Board of Directors Role in Safety Oversight 13 Executive Compensation Highlights 16 Stockholder Engagement in 2025 18 Board and Governance Matters 20 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 20 Our Board of Directors 22 Corporate Governance 28 Director Compensation 35 Fiscal 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation 37 Executive Officers 39 Executive Compensation 40 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation 40 Proposal 3 Advisory Vote to Approve the Frequency of Future Advisory Say-on-Pay Votes 41 Letter from Our Compensation Committee 42 Compensation Discussion Analysis 43 Executive Compensation Tables 69 Summary Compensation Table 69 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 71 Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2025 73 Stock Option Exercises Stock Vested During 2025 74 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 75 Pay Versus Performance 77 Stock Ownership Information 80 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Management 80 Equity Compensation Plan Information 82 Audit Matters 83 Proposal 4 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 83 Additional Information 85 2026 Annual Meeting Information 85 Rules of Conduct 88 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Information 89 Other Matters 90 Appendix A Supplemental Information About Financial Measures 91 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 91 Key Terms for Our Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 92 Forward-looking statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements regarding our corporate performance objectives and future business expectations, including, but not limited to, our goals related to electrification, waste reduction, and safety improvement, as well as our ambitions related to the expansion of our AV platform and market presence, and related time frames. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, hope, intend, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors relate to, among others: our anticipated investments in new products and offerings, our ability to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our expectations regarding financial performance, including but not limited to revenue, achieving or maintaining profitability, and other results of operations, our ability to support the development and deployment of AV technology, our expected growth in the number of platform users, and our ability to promote our brand and attract and retain platform users, competition, and managing our growth and corporate culture, other legal and regulatory developments, particularly with respect to our relationships with Drivers and Couriers and global economic conditions, including rising inflation and interest rates. For additional information on other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, and subsequent quarterly reports and other filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. All information provided in this proxy statement is as of the date of this proxy statement, and any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this proxy statement, which are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Voting Agenda PROPOSAL 01 Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the director nominees listed in this proxy statement to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected. See page 20 for more information PROPOSAL 02 Advisory Vote to Approve 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR the approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs) (Say-on-Pay vote). See page 40 for more information 6 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information PROPOSAL 03 Advisory Vote to Approve the Frequency of Future Advisory Say-on-Pay Votes The Board recommends a vote for the approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of an ANNUAL advisory Say-on-Pay vote. See page 41 for more information PROPOSAL 04 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. See page 83 for more information 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Proxy Statement Summary 2025 Platform Highlights Autonomous Vehicles Continued progress with our more than 25 AV partners, including live Mobility deployments in seven cities globally. AVs on Uber s network are delivering high utilization and low wait times relative to other live deployments. Cross-Platform Roughly 20% of Uber customers use both Mobility and Delivery offerings monthly in active markets, and 40% now use multiple products monthly. Consumers who engage across the platform have 35% higher retention rates and spend 3x as much as those who don t. Membership Reached 46 million members, growing +55% year-over-year, with Uber One now live in 47 countries. Launched several new features including Family Sharing, vehicle upgrades, and exclusive member promotions. Advertising Surpassed well over $2 billion in annualized revenue, growing +50% year-over-year, driven by continued strong adoption of Sponsored Listings and the expansion of Sponsored Items. 8 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information A Global Tech Platform at Massive Scale (1) Based on our internal definition of a city, which includes metropolitan areas that include several cities. Countries and cities metrics as of December 31, 2025. (2) Growth percentage for Gross Bookings reflected on a constant currency basis. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Nominees for Board of Directors You are being asked to vote on the election of the ten directors listed below. Additional information about each nominee s background and experience can be found beginning on page 21. Ronald Sugar | 77 Former Chairman and CEO, Northrop Grumman Board Tenure: 7.6 years Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance (Chair); Compensation Dara Khosrowshahi | 56 CEO, Uber Board Tenure: 8.6 years Committee Memberships: None Revathi Advaithi | 58 CEO, Flex Ltd. Board Tenure: 5.7 years Committee Memberships: Audit Turqi Alnowaiser | 49 Deputy Governor and Head of International Investments Division, The Public Investment Fund Board Tenure: 2.4 years Committee Memberships: Audit Nikesh Arora | 58 Chairman and CEO, Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Board Tenure: 0.8 years Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance; Compensation Ursula Burns | 67 Co-founder, Integrum Holdings LP; Former Chairman and CEO, VEON Ltd. Board Tenure: 8.5 years Committee Memberships: Audit; Nominating and Governance Robert Eckert | 71 Operating Partner, FFL Partners LLC; Former CEO, Mattel Board Tenure: 6.0 years Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance; Compensation (Chair) Amanda Ginsberg | 56 Operating Partner, Advent International, L.P.; Former CEO, Match Group, Inc. Board Tenure: 6.1 years Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance; Compensation John Thain | 70 Founding Partner, Pine Island Capital Partners LLC; Former Chairman and CEO, CIT Group Board Tenure: 8.5 years Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair) Alexander Wynaendts | 65 Former CEO and Chairman, Aegon NV Board Tenure: 5.0 years Committee Memberships: Audit Chair Independent Note: Age and Board tenure measured as of March 23, 2026. 10 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Corporate Governance Highlights We strive to maintain the highest governance standards in our business. Our commitment to effective corporate governance is illustrated by the following practices: What We Do Independent chairperson Fully independent Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees that meet at least quarterly Annual elections for all directors Directors elected by majority vote in uncontested elections Board oversight of management succession planning Board, committee, and individual director evaluation process Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers Incorporate performance metrics tied to our values into executive compensation, including goals related to safety and electrification Clawback Policy in our executive compensation program that exceeds the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) requirements Permit stockholders who own at least 25% of the aggregate voting power of our securities and satisfy other requirements set forth in our bylaws to call a special meeting Proxy access that allows a stockholder or a group of up to 20 stockholders continuously holding at least 3% of our voting stock for three years or more to nominate up to two directors or 20% of our Board What We Don t Do Dual class stock Allow hedging of Uber stock by directors or employees Allow pledging of Uber stock by directors or employees for margin loans or similar speculative transactions Have a stockholder rights plan (poison pill) Have a classified board Require a supermajority vote to amend our bylaws or certificate of incorporation Require a supermajority vote to remove directors Board Oversight It is imperative that Uber s Board has the skills, knowledge, and expertise to oversee issue areas that are most important to our stockholders. Our Board recognizes that effective management of and governance over Uber s fundamental risks and opportunities is key to our long-term success as a company and delivering value to our stockholders. Our Board is actively engaged in overseeing such risks and opportunities so that they can effectively provide feedback on our overall strategy, commitments, and specific risks that may arise from our business and operations. The chart below summarizes the Board and each committee s primary responsibility over these key areas: Audit Compensation Nominating Governance Full Board Artificial Intelligence Autonomous Vehicles Cybersecurity Data Privacy Driver Courier Well-being Electrification Waste Reduction Ethics Compliance Human Capital Management Regulatory Environment User Safety 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Below is a summary of the primary oversight responsibilities of the Board and its committees for each area of focus. Artificial Intelligence Uber s Board receives regular updates on the Company s use and governance of AI, including material developments related to strategy, risk management, and regulatory engagement. This layered oversight structure enables Uber to support innovation while continually strengthening accountability, transparency, and adaptability as AI technologies evolve. Autonomous Vehicles Uber s management, including our Global Head of Autonomous Mobility Delivery, regularly updates our Board on a range of topics, such as Uber s autonomous mobility and delivery growth and strategy, the industry landscape, domestic and international engagements, and the expansion of current AV partnerships. The Audit Committee also receives reports related to AVs and briefs the full Board on these matters. Cybersecurity Our Board oversees our efforts to address cybersecurity risk through the oversight of our senior management team, and Uber s risk profile with respect to cybersecurity matters, through regular reports and reviews. Uber s Chief Information Security Officer, reporting into Uber s Chief Technology Officer, has primary oversight of the cybersecurity program and provides reports to the Audit Committee every quarter. These reports may cover various cybersecurity activities, including threat and vulnerability assessments, security improvements, evaluations of the cybersecurity impact of our products, and coordination of efforts to monitor, detect, and prevent cyberthreats to the Company. Data Privacy Uber's Chief Privacy Officer reports to the Board at least annually. These reports may cover various topics including enterprise privacy and AI governance risk, regulatory compliance, data protection strategy, cybersecurity alignment, third-party and cross-border data risk, incident readiness, and emerging global privacy and AI regulatory trends. Driver Courier Well-being Throughout the year, the Board receives regular updates on Driver and Courier well-being. Updates include but are not limited to how well we are responding to feedback from Drivers and Couriers, how well our app improvements support their work, and how we are working to enhance their safety and well-being on the platform. In addition, Driver and Courier well-being goals are incorporated into our executives' annual cash bonus plan. Electrification Waste Reduction The Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee oversee our approach to our electrification and waste-reduction strategies. Both the full Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee periodically receive updates on Uber s strategy and progress toward achieving its electrification and waste-reduction goals, as well as on policy and regulatory trends at the local, state, and national levels concerning climate and emissions-related developments. Ethics Compliance The Audit Committee oversees a variety of ethics and compliance matters and receives regular reports from the Chief Ethics, Compliance Security Officer. These reports include updates on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and our compliance framework and program development, including oversight of our systems and controls for ethical behavior and the prevention of bribery. Additionally, the Audit Committee is informed of and oversees the investigation and follow-up (including disciplinary action) of any instances of material non-compliance, including violations of Uber s Business Conduct Guide. This oversight includes the review of any ongoing examinations by regulatory authorities and the Company s response. The Audit Committee regularly briefs the entire Board on these matters. Human Capital Management The Compensation Committee is actively engaged in overseeing our people and culture strategy. The Compensation Committee regularly reviews and reports to the Board on a broad range of human capital management topics, including talent management, culture, employee engagement, development, and retention, among other topics. Regulatory Environment The Board and Audit Committee oversee risk management, including Uber s compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Board receives regular updates from our Chief Legal Officer and our Chief Marketing Officer and SVP, Public Affairs. Regulatory issues are also discussed with the Board multiple times each year through our Enterprise Risk Management program. User Safety The Board receives regular updates and is actively engaged in user safety. The Board and Audit Committee oversee risk management, including user safety. The Board and management deeply understand the importance of safety, which is why safety is tied to our Company values and is a performance metric included in our executive compensation program. Our Head of Safety reports to the Board on Uber s Safety Management System, including updates on Uber s safety policies, safety risk management, controls, and safety assurance, including reporting on critical safety incidents like motor vehicle fatalities, physical assault fatalities, and critical sexual assaults. 12 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Board of Directors Role in Safety Oversight The Board maintains active oversight of safety through regular reporting to the full Board and its committees, embedding safety within the Company s enterprise risk management framework, aligning executive compensation with safety performance metrics, and engaging with stockholders and independent advisors. Uber s governance evolution When we made Stand for safety a core value at Uber, we committed to building a culture where safety guides how we operate, grow, and evolve. That commitment has developed alongside the structural and governance reforms our Board of Directors instituted as we transitioned from a venture-backed private company to a large-cap public company. Uber is now available in over 70 countries, and our market cap has grown. As we scale, we have continued to strengthen oversight structures, transparency, and governance practices to match our expanding global footprint. These enhancements are designed to support accountability, disciplined risk management, and a sustained focus on long-term value creation. As the business has grown in scale and complexity, the Board has kept safety central to its oversight of the Company. One indicator of these efforts is that, of the billions of trips completed on the Uber platform each year, 99.9% have ended without any reported safety incident at all. As part of our commitment to transparency, Uber was the first company in the rideshare industry to publish a comprehensive safety report. We continue to evolve our approach to safety responsibly and to lead our industry in safety reporting. We evaluate our reporting processes with a focus on accuracy, methodological integrity, and appropriate timing. Uber engages RALIANCE (a national partnership dedicated to ending sexual violence) to provide independent validation of its accuracy in application of the Sexual Misconduct and Violence Taxonomy on identified incidents, and its motor vehicle fatality data is independently validated and cross-referenced against data released by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The compilation and validation of safety metrics involve significant operational and methodological rigor, which can impact reporting timelines, but we have continued to publish a U.S. Safety Report every two years and intend to publish a fourth U.S. Safety Report in 2026. Board of Directors oversight of safety Uber s directors bring broad experience that directly informs the Board s rigorous oversight of safety strategy, controls, and performance. This includes expertise in global operations, cybersecurity, government, policy and regulatory, innovation and high growth, enterprise risk management, and technology innovation. The Board s oversight focuses on three areas (with safety considerations embedded in each): Leadership Overseeing CEO and senior leadership performance (including progress toward and attainment of safety goals) and succession planning to support the Company s long-term strategy. Strategy Overseeing management s execution of the Company s long-term strategy and ensuring that the Company remains strongly positioned in a dynamic regulatory and competitive environment (including investment in and development of new and enhanced safety tools on our platform). Risk Overseeing enterprise risk management, including compliance with applicable laws and mitigation of financial, legal, operational, and reputational risks (including oversight of safety performance and disclosures). The Board believes this framework supports strong governance, robust oversight, and the long-term interests of stockholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Safety reporting to the Board Safety oversight is ingrained at the highest levels of our organization. Our Board of Directors and senior management recognize the fundamental importance of safety to our business, which is why Stand for safety is a core company value and a central component of our operations and strategy. Safety leadership regularly provides significant safety updates to the full Board, as well as to the Audit Committee. These briefings include review of Uber s safety strategy, product and technology enhancements designed to improve safety outcomes, regulatory and legislative developments across key jurisdictions, trends in critical safety incidents, incident-response protocols, and the effectiveness of mitigation measures and risk controls. Through these discussions, the Board and its committees oversee safety performance and continual improvement initiatives across the Company s global operations. The Audit Committee oversees enterprise risk management processes, including safety-related risk controls and reporting systems, while the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees governance policies, practices, procedures, and compliance, including updates regarding safety accountability. In addition to regular updates, the Board and relevant committees receive prompt reporting on significant safety incidents, trends, and regulatory developments, and management escalates material matters to the Board as appropriate. This supports timely oversight and informed Board engagement on emerging risks. These updates provide the Board insight into Uber s Global Safety Management System and address key elements of our safety program, including Uber s safety policies, risk management controls, safety assurance processes, critical-incident reviews, and matters related to our Community Guidelines. Topics include motor-vehicle and physical-assault fatalities, serious sexual assaults, and the mitigation measures we have implemented to reduce risk and strengthen safety outcomes. Safety is also regularly discussed as part of Board-level strategy and risk reviews. Through this structure, safety oversight is embedded within the Board s broader responsibilities for leadership, strategy, and enterprise risk management. During regular Board meetings in 2025, directors engaged with senior leadership on safety-related matters across the business, including, among other items: Technology advancements Product safety developments Mobility-related operational updates Dedicated safety briefings Senior Engineering leaders Chief Product Officer Head of Mobility Head of Safety Regulatory and legal developments Public policy considerations Enterprise risk management updates Chief Legal Officer Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President of Public Affairs Senior leadership, including the CEO, Chief Legal Officer, and Chief Financial Officer The Board continually evaluates safety governance practices and refines oversight structures as the Company s scale, technology, and regulatory environment evolve. Management s role in safety governance Uber s Executive Leadership Team maintains enterprise-wide accountability for safety performance and is responsible for the deployment, implementation, and continual improvement of Uber s Global Safety Management System. This safety risk management framework is anchored in four pillars safety policy and objectives, safety promotion, safety risk management, and safety assurance and provides a consistent, global approach to identifying and addressing risks, refining mitigations, and fostering a culture that prioritizes safety. Safety leadership regularly coordinates with internal and external committees, working groups, industry experts, and advisory boards to incorporate diverse expertise and regional and global perspectives. This structure supports collaboration, nuanced and risk-informed governance, and the consistent implementation of safety strategy across global operations. The most effective way for Uber to promote safety is through robust preventative measures and clear enforcement mechanisms. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Safety improvement performance tied to executive compensation Since 2018, a portion of Uber s executive incentive compensation has been directly tied to measurable improvements in global safety outcomes, including reductions in critical safety incidents such as critical sexual assaults and motor vehicle crash fatalities. In 2021, we expanded our approach to include global incident rates across our Mobility and Delivery businesses. This structure reinforces accountability at the most senior levels, supports keeping safety performance a core leadership priority, and aligns executive incentives with Uber s long-term safety strategy. Stockholder engagement We believe that proactive, transparent, and constructive engagement with stockholders is essential to effective governance. Throughout the year, we engage with stockholders through structured in-season and off-season discussions, as well as ongoing engagements requested by stockholders, to discuss a range of strategic priorities, including safety. In 2025, we routinely engaged on safety-related topics with stockholders. These conversations provided valuable insights that inform our strategy, enhance transparency, and help ensure that our safety priorities remain responsive to evolving stockholder expectations and operating environments. The Nominating and Governance Committee is routinely briefed on stockholder feedback and engagement regarding safety matters. The committee, in turn, reports relevant stockholder feedback to the full Board to support ongoing evaluation of the Board s oversight of safety and the Company s overall safety governance approach. The role of Uber s independent Safety Advisory Board We established an independent Safety Advisory Board (1) in 2015 to provide external expertise and counsel on our safety strategy, governance, processes, and technologies. Chaired by former U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh C. Johnson, the Safety Advisory Board includes leaders and experts in gender-based-violence prevention, domestic-violence prevention, road safety, public health, workplace health and safety, and law enforcement. Since its inception, the Safety Advisory Board has helped shape Uber s safety initiatives, including the Company s approach to safety reporting, the creation of industry-first programs such as the Industry Sharing Safety Program, and the development of in-app safety features including the Emergency Button and Live Help from a Safety Agent. The Safety Advisory Board engages with Uber s Safety leadership semiannually and with other members of the Executive Leadership Team periodically to provide independent guidance, review strategic priorities, and support the continued strengthening of Uber s safety governance framework. Ongoing Board oversight of safety Uber s Board of Directors recognizes that safety is fundamental to Uber s long-term success and to the trust that Riders, Drivers, Merchants, and communities worldwide place in us. Through regular reporting and escalation protocols, integration of safety in our enterprise risk management framework, alignment with executive compensation, and engagement with independent advisors and stockholders, the Board maintains active, structured, and informed oversight of safety matters. The Board remains firmly aligned with Management s priorities in continually strengthening Uber s safety governance practices and anchoring safety as a core strategic and operational priority in support of sustainable long-term stockholder value. For more information about Uber s safety governance, oversight, and strategy, please review our 2025 Governance Strategy and Engagement Report, (2) our third U.S. Safety Report, (3) and our dedicated web page detailing our commitment to safety. (1) For additional discussion on our Safety Advisory Board, go to Uber s Safety Advisory Board web page, which is available on our Company website. The information on Uber s Safety Advisory Board is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement. (2) Our Governance Strategy and Engagement Report is available on our investor relations website. The information in the Governance Strategy and Engagement Report is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement. (3) Our third U.S. Safety Report is available on our Company website. The information in our third U.S. Safety Report is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Executive Compensation Highlights Our Executive Compensation Program: Philosophy and Features Our executive compensation program reflects our commitment to our pay-for-performance philosophy and promotes the creation of long-term stockholder value, while attracting and retaining a highly talented team of executives. Our Compensation Committee regularly seeks and evaluates ways to evolve our executive compensation program in order to support our philosophy, improve our compensation governance, and drive performance, including by consistently engaging with our stockholders and soliciting feedback. The following is a selection of notable highlights of our executive compensation program. A full discussion of our executive compensation program can be found beginning on page 43 in the section titled Compensation Discussion Analysis (CD A). Pay-for-performance philosophy. We motivate our executives to achieve the Company s short-term and long-term objectives by linking a significant portion of their compensation to key performance indicators, including financial, strategic, and operational goals, measured both at a Company-wide level and at an individual level, and compensating them based on actual performance against these goals. In 2025, we included goals related to Gross Bookings, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA less stock-based compensation expense (SBC), insurance savings, the growth of our AV platform and market presence, global electric vehicle miles, safety, the expansion of our membership program, and improvements to the Driver and Courier experience, among others. Retaining key talent and ensuring a strong executive team. We strive to have a long-term and enduring program for effective senior leadership development and succession at Uber. Our compensation program is designed to attract and retain a talented team of executives who possess and demonstrate the qualities that are critical to the success of our business. The achievement of this objective is evident in the promotion of Andrew Macdonald in 2025 to the role of President and Chief Operating Officer (COO) after holding various positions within the Company for more than 13 years, most recently as Senior Vice President, Mobility Business Operations. Additionally, effective February 16, 2026, Balaji Krishnamurthy was promoted to the role of Chief Financial Officer (CFO) from his role of Vice President, Strategic Finance after similarly holding various positions within the Company for more than six years. At-risk compensation. In 2025, 96% of our CEO s target total direct compensation was variable and at risk, and, on average, 93% was variable and at risk for our other NEOs. Additionally, the performance-based restricted stock unit (PRSU) portion of our CEO s annual equity award accounts for more than 50% of his overall grant, resulting in more than 77.5% of our CEO s target annual equity opportunity being subject to total stockholder return (TSR) and performance-based achievement through both stock option awards and PRSU awards. Enhanced clawback policy. In order to ensure executive accountability and discourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking, we maintain a robust clawback policy applicable to certain cash and equity compensation awarded to our executive officers, exceeding both SEC and NYSE requirements. Minimum thresholds, maximum performance, and capped incentive-based payouts. Each individual metric in both our short-term and long-term incentive programs is subject to a threshold level of performance and, if not achieved, results in a 0% payout for that metric. Conversely, the metrics in our short-term and long-term incentive programs are subject to a 200% cap and 150% cap, respectively. Inclusion of SBC metric. Our Annual Cash Bonus Plan for 2025 included SBC as a metric (i.e., Adjusted EBITDA less SBC) in our Company financial goals, demonstrating our implementation of stockholder feedback received during our extensive engagement, as well as our commitment to profitability. Stock ownership guidelines. We maintain stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers and directors, including a rigorous ten times base salary requirement for our CEO, as well as stock retention guidelines. We also prohibit Company directors and employees, including our executive officers, from pledging for margin loans or similar speculative transactions and hedging Company shares, and maintain an insider trading policy designed to promote compliance with regulations and applicable listing standards. As of the applicable measurement date in 2025, all of our executive officers and non-employee directors were in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines. Emphasis on safety. Standing for safety has been a critical component of our executive compensation program since 2018. The consistent inclusion of safety improvement goals in our long-term incentive program has ensured that our NEOs prioritize the safety of users and consumers on our platform. We included safety improvement goals in our 2025 PRSUs and will continue to include them in our 2026 PRSUs. Stockholder outreach and engagement. Each compensation cycle, we consider the perspectives and feedback we receive from our stockholders in setting the performance goals and metrics in our short-term and long-term incentive programs, ensuring that our executives are incentivized to make the strategic decisions necessary for Uber s success and maximize the creation of long-term stockholder value. See Looking Ahead to 2026: Evolution and Flexibility in the next section for examples of how we applied this principle to our 2026 compensation program. 16 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Looking Ahead to 2026: Evolution and Flexibility A critical component of our compensation structure is the flexibility to allow our compensation program to evolve in parallel with the ever-changing technology landscape and dynamic market in which we operate. Additionally, we strive to incorporate the feedback and perspectives we receive from our extensive outreach to, and engagement with, our stockholders in both our short-term and long-term incentive programs. Looking forward to 2026, we are continuing to align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders by incorporating performance measures that ensure our compensation program incentivizes progress on our evolving strategic and operational priorities, and drives the creation of long-term stockholder value. The following highlights features of our 2026 executive compensation program. For a more detailed discussion please see the section Looking Ahead to 2026 in our CD A. Incentive Plan Goals Commitment to growth and profitability Added Non-GAAP Earnings per Share (EPS) to Annual Cash Bonus Plan, replacing Adj. EBITDA and Adj. EBITDA less SBC Added Non-GAAP Operating Income growth to 2026 PRSUs, replacing Adj. EBITDA Margin 60% of Annual Cash Bonus Plan and 90% of 2026 PRSUs based on financial metrics Continued focus on safety and autonomous vehicles Remain invested in safety and transparency remaining 10% of 2026 PRSUs allocated to safety improvement goals Committed to fulfilling autonomous vehicle (AV) commitments including AV goals in Company and individual metrics in Annual Cash Bonus Plan Incentive Plan Structure No overlapping goals Annual Cash Bonus Plan and long-term incentive plan do not include overlapping goals Revised financial metrics in both programs, aligning with current operations Moving to three-year goals across all PRSU metrics Focusing on sustained, long-term profitability and growth Eliminated annual Adj. EBITDA Margin from 2026 PRSUs Replaced with a three-year Non-GAAP Operating Income growth metric Simplification of long-term incentive program 2026 PRSUs subject to only three distinct performance metrics and overall relative TSR modifier 90% of 2026 PRSUs tied to financial performance Evergreen Feature Efficient share utilization and declining to use the evergreen feature Historically, evergreen feature automatically replenished equity plan share reserve annually Declined to utilize evergreen feature this year, do not intend to use in future Partially in response to stockholder feedback and due to our efficient share utilization Equity Mix CEO, CFO, COO: 50%+ PRSUs and 25% options At least 75% of the equity awards granted to our CEO, CFO, and COO will be subject to total stockholder return and performance-based achievement CEO: 55% PRSUs; 22.5% Options; 22.5% RSUs CFO/COO: 50% PRSUs; 25% Options; 25% RSUs 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Stockholder Engagement in 2025 We believe that effective corporate governance includes proactive outreach and constructive engagement with our stockholders to elicit feedback and insights on the topics most relevant and important to them. Feedback received from these engagements is then summarized and shared with our broader team of executives and our Board. This approach allows Uber to more fully understand and thoughtfully consider a broad range of perspectives and issues, such as our overall corporate strategy and governance structure, operating performance, executive compensation, and the management of risks and opportunities. These engagements drive increased corporate accountability, improve decision-making, and ultimately assist in creating long-term stockholder value. How we engaged with stockholders 1 Year-round responsive engagement with our stockholders 2 Regularly reported our stockholders views to management and our Board 3 Our Independent Chairperson and Executive Leadership Team participated in stockholder outreach 4 Engaged with analysts through quarterly conference calls and our Investor Relations website, and held meetings to discuss profitability and free cash flow trajectory, capital allocation, and financial and operational performance 5 Met with over 50% of our top 100 stockholders representing approximately 52% of shares outstanding. 6 Published an update on key business activities and initiatives, including our 2025 Governance Strategy and Engagement Report, our first EU Algorithmic Transparency Report, updated Autonomous Mobility and Delivery (AM D) Safety Guidelines, and research on Driver net-earnings from three U.S. cities. Comprehensive Engagement The following topics were of highest interest during our year-round engagements with stockholders. Artificial Intelligence Autonomous Vehicles Corporate Governance Cybersecurity Data Privacy Driver Courier Well-being Electrification Waste Reduction Ethics Compliance Executive Compensation Human Capital Management Operating Performance Regulatory Environment Risks Opportunities Strategy User Safety 18 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Examples of What We Heard in 2025 How We Responded Heightened investor focus on cybersecurity and AI oversight Augmented our Board s skillset through the appointment of Nikesh Arora, who we identified as a premiere candidate bringing deep cybersecurity and AI expertise to the Board through his role as Chief Executive Officer of Palo Alto Networks, a global leader in AI-driven cybersecurity. Under his leadership, Palo Alto Networks has built an integrated security platform with AI embedded across network, cloud, endpoint, and identity protection. This experience provides Mr. Arora with direct insight into managing cybersecurity risk, deploying AI at scale, and overseeing emerging technology threats capabilities that support our Board s oversight of risk, resilience, and long-term value creation for our stockholders. Encouraged to enhance our disclosures on our AI governance framework and risk management structures We significantly expanded our AI disclosures in 2025 to provide clearer insights into our AI strategy, governance structure, and risk management framework. We achieved this by publishing our first European Algorithmic Transparency Report (1) and launching a broader AI webpage that details our ongoing integration of AI. These build on our 2024 milestones, including launching a Responsible AI webpage, releasing our AI principles, and publishing the ORCAA (O Neil Risk Consulting Algorithmic Auditing) algorithmic audit report. Encouraged to share deeper insights into our strategy for scaling AVs on our platform, particularly how we collaborate with partners to maintain rigorous safety standards We provided a comprehensive AV strategy update and supplemental spotlight during our Q4 2025 earnings report. Additionally, in 2025, we refreshed our Autonomous Mobility and Delivery (AM D) Safety Guidelines (1) to provide a transparent, structured framework for evaluating partner safety protocols against leading industry standards. Building on this foundation, we continued to implement our comprehensive AM D Safety Program to govern partner deployments as we responsibly scale autonomous technologies. Encouraged to enhance our disclosures regarding Driver and Courier earnings on our platform We commissioned an independent study by HR A Advisors in 2025 analyzing Driver net earnings across three diverse U.S. markets. The findings confirm that Uber Drivers earn competitive, flexible net hourly wages that consistently meet or outperform local minimum wages at similar jobs. The study also highlights strong part-time earning potential without traditional wage penalties, affirming the value of the flexibility our platform provides. Encouraged to share more details on our electrification strategy To provide stockholders with greater visibility into our electrification strategy and updated roadmap, we continued to provide transparency with the publication of our latest Electrification Update (1) . Additionally, we successfully transitioned Uber Green to Uber Electric to concentrate more directly on electric vehicle (EV) adoption and help keep us aligned with our broader 2040 net-zero goals. Encouraged to share additional disclosure regarding Uber s safety protocols, safety technologies, and the Board s oversight of these initiatives We enhanced our disclosures to highlight our ongoing investments in safety for Drivers, Couriers, and Riders. Demonstrating our commitment to transparency, we provided deeper insights into our rigorous background screening processes, strategic safety partnerships, and innovative product features, including the U.S. launch and expansion of Women Preferences. Furthermore, we included expanded discussion of the Board s governance and oversight of safety within this proxy statement. We also plan to provide further details in our forthcoming Governance Strategy and Engagement Report, and intend to publish our fourth U.S. Safety Report this year. (1) For additional discussion, see our European Algorithmic Transparency Report, AM D Safety Guidelines, and Electrification Update, which are available on our website. The information in our European Algorithmic Transparency Report, AM D Safety Guidelines, and Electrification Update, is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Board and Governance Matters PROPOSAL 01 Election of Directors Our Board has nominated the ten director nominees listed below for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Each of the director nominees currently serves on the Board. The current term of all directors will expire at the 2026 Annual Meeting when their successors are elected, and the Board has nominated each of these individuals for a new one-year term that will expire at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders when their successors are elected. Each of the director nominees identified in this proxy statement has consented to being named as a nominee in our proxy materials and has accepted the nomination and agreed to serve as a director if elected by the Company s stockholders. If any nominee becomes unable or for good cause unwilling to serve between the date of the proxy statement and the 2026 Annual Meeting, the Board may designate a new nominee, and the persons named as proxies will vote on that substitute nominee. Vote Required Recommendation of the Board To be elected, each director nominee requires the affirmative vote of the majority of votes properly cast (i.e., the number of shares voted FOR the nominee must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the nominee). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. Majority Voting for Directors In an uncontested election, each director will be elected by a majority of the votes cast. If an incumbent director in an uncontested election fails to receive the required vote for re-election, our Board will evaluate whether it should accept the director s resignation, which must be tendered to our Board pursuant to our governance documents. Our Board may consider any factors it deems relevant in deciding whether to accept a resignation from such director. Our Board recommends a vote FOR each of the ten director nominees. Name Age Position Ronald Sugar (1)(2) 77 Independent Chairperson of the Board Revathi Advaithi (3) 58 Director Turqi Alnowaiser (3) 49 Director Nikesh Arora (1)(2) 58 Director Ursula Burns (2)(3) 67 Director Robert Eckert (1)(2) 71 Director Amanda Ginsberg (1)(2) 56 Director Dara Khosrowshahi 56 Director and Chief Executive Officer John Thain (3) 70 Director Alexander Wynaendts (3) 65 Director (1) Compensation Committee member (2) Nominating and Governance Committee member (3) Audit Committee member 20 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Director Skills, Experience Background Uber has an expansive set of director skills and experience on the Board. Listed below are certain skills and experiences that we consider important for our Board in light of our current business and structure. Skills, Experience Background Consumer and Digital Experience Background in the development and improvement of consumer experiences with a company s products, services, and brand, including through a digital interface. 7 Financial Expertise Knowledge of financial markets, financing operations and accounting, and financial reporting processes. 10 Global Company Leadership Leadership experiences on public company boards or as chief executive officer or operating executive at organizations that operate on a global scale and face significant competition, utilize technology, or have other rapidly evolving business models. 10 Government, Policy, and Regulatory Experience Experience navigating a complex legal and regulatory landscape worldwide. 6 Innovation and High - Growth Experience Experience in identifying and developing emerging products, technologies, and business models, and generating disruptive innovation. 8 Sustainability and Human Capital Management Experience in corporate responsibility, human capital management, and managing sustainability initiatives. 9 Technology and Cybersecurity Experience Experience with technology, information security, and data privacy. 6 Demographics Three of our director nominees are women, two are of South Asian descent, one is of Black/African American descent, and two are of Middle Eastern/North African descent. Board Tenure* Director Age* Board Independence * Board tenure and age measured as of March 23, 2026. ** Does not include Mr. Khosrowshahi, 56, as he is not an independent director. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Our Board of Directors Director Nominees The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the following director nominees to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are elected. Biographies of our Director Nominees Consumer and Digital Experience Global Company Leadership Innovation and High-Growth Experience Technology and Cybersecurity Experience Financial Expertise Government, Policy, and Regulatory Experience Sustainability and Human Capital Management Ronald Sugar Former Chairman and CEO, Northrop Grumman Age: 77 Director Since: July 2018 Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance (Chair); Compensation Other Public Company Boards: Apple Inc. Biography Dr. Sugar has served as the Independent Chairperson of our Board since July 2018. Dr. Sugar was Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer of Northrop Grumman Corporation, a global aerospace and defense company, from 2003 until his retirement in 2010, and President and Chief Operating Officer from 2001 until 2003. He was President and Chief Operating Officer of Litton Industries, Inc. from 2000 until the company was acquired by Northrop Grumman Corporation in 2001. Prior to that time, he served as Chief Financial Officer of TRW Inc. Dr. Sugar is an adviser to Bain Company and was formerly an adviser to Ares Management LLC and to Singapore s Temasek Investment Company. He is a trustee of the University of Southern California, board of visitors member of the University of California, Los Angeles Anderson School of Management, past Chairman of the Aerospace Industries Association, and a member of the National Academy of Engineering. Dr. Sugar currently serves on the board of Apple Inc. He previously served on the board of Air Lease Corporation from 2010 to 2020, the board of Chevron Corporation from 2005 to 2023, and the board of Amgen, Inc. from 2010 to 2024. Qualifications Dr. Sugar was selected to serve on our Board because of his experience as the leader of a global company, particularly as Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer of Northrop Grumman Corporation; his innovation, technology, and high-growth experience; his consumer and digital experience, particularly his experience on Apple s board; his financial expertise; and his government, policy, and regulatory experience. Skills 22 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Revathi Advaithi CEO, Flex Ltd. Age: 58 Director Since: July 2020 Committee Memberships: Audit Other Public Company Boards: Flex Ltd. Biography Ms. Advaithi has served on our Board since July 2020. Ms. Advaithi has been Chief Executive Officer and a director of Flex Ltd., a manufacturer that delivers technology innovation, supply chain, and manufacturing solutions to diverse industries and end markets, since 2019. Prior to joining Flex, Ms. Advaithi was President and Chief Operating Officer, Electrical Sector, of Eaton Corporation plc, a power management company, a position she held from 2015 until 2019. Prior to that role, she was President of Electrical Sector, Americas, of Eaton from 2012 through 2015; President of Electrical Sector, Asia Pacific, from 2009 to 2012; and Vice President and General Manager between 2008 and 2009. Between 2002 and 2008, Ms. Advaithi worked at Honeywell, where she held several senior roles within the sourcing and supply chain functions of the aerospace sector before being named Vice President and General Manager of Honeywell s Field Solutions business in 2006. She held various other roles at Eaton between 1995 and 2002. Qualifications Ms. Advaithi was selected to serve on our Board due to her leadership experience as Chief Executive Officer of a large global technology company and her experience in engineering, operations, logistics, international management, and technology more generally. Skills Turqi Alnowaiser Deputy Governor and Head of International Investments Division, The Public Investment Fund Age: 49 Director Since: November 2023 Committee Memberships: Audit Other Public Company Boards: Lucid Group, Inc. Hapag-Lloyd AG Biography Mr. Alnowaiser has served on our Board since November 2023. Mr. Alnowaiser has served as Deputy Governor and Head of the International Investments Division at The Public Investment Fund, a sovereign wealth fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, since June 2021, and previously served as Head of International Investments at The Public Investment Fund from October 2016 to June 2021. Mr. Alnowaiser previously served as Senior Advisor at The Public Investment Fund from October 2015 to September 2016, prior to which he held several executive roles at Saudi Fransi Capital, a leading financial services firm based in Saudi Arabia, including as Head of Asset Management. Before his career at Saudi Fransi Capital, Mr. Alnowaiser specialized in developing, managing, and regulating various financial products across asset classes at Morgan Stanley, the Capital Market Authority of Saudi Arabia, and the Saudi Industrial Development Fund. Mr. Alnowaiser has served on the board of Lucid Group, Inc., since April 2019 and has served as Chairman of Lucid s board since April 2023. Mr. Alnowaiser has also served on the board of Hapag-Lloyd AG since February 2018. Qualifications Mr. Alnowaiser was selected to serve on our Board due to his financial services, regulatory, and operational experience, particularly in his roles at The Public Investment Fund and his leadership experience in the Middle East. Skills 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Nikesh Arora Chairman and CEO, Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Age: 58 Director Since: May 2025 Committee Memberships: Audit Other Public Company Boards: Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Biography Mr. Arora has served on our Board since May 2025. Mr. Arora has served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Palo Alto Networks, a leading global cybersecurity company, since June 2018. Prior to joining Palo Alto Networks, from 2016 through 2018, Mr. Arora was an angel investor and from June 2016 through December 2017, Mr. Arora served as an advisor to SoftBank Group Corp., a multinational conglomerate company (SoftBank). From July 2015 through June 2016, Mr. Arora served as president and chief operating officer of SoftBank and from July 2014 through June 2015, Mr. Arora served as vice chair and chief executive officer of SoftBank Internet and Media, a subsidiary of SoftBank. Prior to SoftBank, from December 2004 through July 2014, Mr. Arora held multiple senior leadership operating roles at Google, Inc., including serving as senior vice president and chief business officer, from January 2011 to June 2014. Mr. Arora also serves on the board of Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A., a public Switzerland-based luxury goods holding company. Mr. Arora previously served on the boards of SoftBank, Sprint Corp., Colgate-Palmolive Company, and Yahoo! Japan, among others. Qualifications Mr. Arora was selected to serve on our Board due to his extensive leadership experience in global technology, his strong background in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence from his experience as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Palo Alto Networks, his operational and financial expertise, and his track record of corporate governance at leading public companies. Skills Ursula Burns Co-founder, Integrum Holdings LP; Former Chairman and CEO, VEON Ltd. Age: 67 Director Since: October 2017 Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance; Audit Other Public Company Boards: IHS Holding Limited Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. Biography Ms. Burns has served on our Board since October 2017. In April 2021, Ms. Burns co-founded Integrum Holdings LP, an investment firm focused on partnering with technology-enabled services companies. Previously, she was Chairman of VEON Ltd., an international telecommunications and technology company, from 2017 to 2020, during which time she served as Executive Chairman from March 2018 to December 2018, and was Chief Executive Officer from 2018 to 2020. Ms. Burns was Chairman of Xerox Corporation from 2009 to 2017 and Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2016, prior to which she advanced through many engineering and management positions after joining the company in 1980. U.S. President Barack Obama appointed Ms. Burns to help lead the White House national program on STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) from 2009 to 2016, and she served as Chair of the President s Export Council from 2015 to 2016 after serving as Vice Chair from 2010 to 2015. Ms. Burns currently serves on the boards of IHS Holding Limited and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. She previously served on the boards of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. from 2021 to 2025, American Express Company from 2004 to 2018, Nestl S.A. from 2017 to April 2021, VEON Ltd. from 2017 to 2020, Xerox Corporation from 2007 to 2017, Plum Acquisition Corp. I from 2021 to 2023, and Exxon Mobil Corporation from 2012 to 2023. Qualifications Ms. Burns was selected to serve on our Board because of her experience as the leader of a global company, particularly her experience as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Xerox, her technology and digital experience, her financial expertise, and her government, policy, and regulatory experience. Skills 24 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Robert Eckert Operating Partner, FFL Partners, LLC; Former CEO, Mattel Age: 71 Director Since: March 2020 Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance; Compensation (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: Amgen, Inc. Levi Strauss Co. Biography Mr. Eckert has served on our Board since March 2020. Mr. Eckert has been an Operating Partner of FFL Partners, LLC, a private equity firm, since 2014. Mr. Eckert is also Chairman Emeritus of Mattel, Inc., a role he has held since 2013. He was Mattel s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2000 until 2011, and he continued to serve as its Chairman until 2012. He previously worked for Kraft Foods, Inc. for 23 years, and served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 until 2000. From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Eckert was Group Vice President of Kraft Foods, and from 1993 to 1995, he was President of the Oscar Mayer foods division of Kraft Foods. Mr. Eckert currently serves on the boards of Amgen, Inc., Levi Strauss Co., and Quinn Company. He previously served on the board of McDonald s Corporation from 2003 to 2023. Qualifications Mr. Eckert was selected to serve on our Board due to his leadership experience as Chief Executive Officer of large global public companies; his extensive experience leading global consumer brands at Mattel and Kraft; his financial expertise as a partner of FFL Partners, LLC; and his government, policy, and regulatory experience. Skills Amanda Ginsberg Operating Partner, Advent International, L.P.; Former CEO, Match Group, Inc. Age: 56 Director Since: February 2020 Committee Memberships: Nominating and Governance; Compensation Other Public Company Boards: ThredUp Inc. Universal Music Group N.V. Biography Ms. Ginsberg has served on our Board since February 2020. Ms. Ginsberg has been an Operating Partner of Advent International, L.P., a global private equity investor, since 2022. Ms. Ginsberg was Chief Executive Officer of Match Group, Inc. from 2017 to 2020. Prior to this role, she was Chief Executive Officer of Match Group Americas from 2015 to 2017, where she was responsible for the Match U.S. brand, Match Affinity Brands, OkCupid, PlentyOfFish, ParPerfeito, and overall North and South American expansion. Previously, she was the Chief Executive Officer of The Princeton Review from 2014 to 2015, where she expanded its services to include online services, including tutoring and college counseling for a new generation of students. Ms. Ginsberg currently serves on the board of ThredUp Inc. and the board of Universal Music Group N.V. She previously served on the boards of Care.com from 2012 to 2014; J.C. Penney from 2015 to 2020; Match Group, Inc. from 2017 to 2020; and Z-Work Acquisition Corp. from 2020 to 2022. Qualifications Ms. Ginsberg was selected to serve on our Board principally based on her extensive operational, innovation, and high-growth experience with consumer and digital companies and her global company leadership, including serving as Chief Executive Officer of a leading provider of internet-based dating products and a leading test preparation company and on-demand learning solutions company. Skills 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Dara Khosrowshahi CEO, Uber Age: 56 Director Since: September 2017 Committee Memberships: None Other Public Company Boards: Expedia Group, Inc. Grab Holdings Ltd. Biography Mr. Khosrowshahi has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since September 2017. Prior to joining Uber, Mr. Khosrowshahi was President and Chief Executive Officer of Expedia Group, Inc., an online travel company, from 2005 to 2017. From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Khosrowshahi served in several senior management roles at IAC/InterActiveCorp, a media and internet company, including Chief Executive Officer of IAC Travel, a division of IAC/InterActiveCorp, from January 2005 to August 2005; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of IAC/InterActiveCorp from 2002 to 2005; and as IAC/InterActiveCorp s Executive Vice President, Operations and Strategic Planning, from 2000 to 2002. He worked at Allen Company LLC from 1991 to 1998, where he was Vice President from 1995 to 1998. Mr. Khosrowshahi currently serves on the boards of Expedia Group, Inc. and Grab Holdings Ltd. He was a member of the supervisory board of trivago, N.V. from 2016 to 2017 and previously served on the boards of the following companies: Aurora Innovation, Inc. from 2021 to 2024; the New York Times Company from 2015 to 2017; and TripAdvisor, Inc. from 2011 to 2013. Qualifications Mr. Khosrowshahi was selected to serve on our Board based on the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief Executive Officer and as a former leader of Expedia, a global company; his innovation, technology, and high-growth experience; his consumer and digital experience; and his financial expertise. Skills John Thain Founding Partner, Pine Island Capital Partners LLC; Former Chairman and CEO, CIT Group Age: 70 Director Since: October 2017 Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: Deutsche Bank AG Biography Mr. Thain has served on our Board since October 2017. Mr. Thain is the Founding Partner of Pine Island Capital Partners LLC, a private investment firm, and has served as Chairman since 2017. He was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CIT Group from 2010 until 2016. In 2009, prior to joining CIT Group, he was President of Global Banking, Securities and Wealth Management for Bank of America. From December 2007 to January 2009, prior to its merger with Bank of America, Mr. Thain was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Merrill Lynch Co., Inc. From 2006 to 2007, he was Chief Executive Officer and a director of NYSE Euronext, Inc. following the NYSE Group and Euronext N.V. merger. He joined the New York Stock Exchange in 2004, serving as Chief Executive Officer and a director. From 2003 through 2004, Mr. Thain was the President and Chief Operating Officer of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., and from 1999 through 2003 he was President and Co-Chief Operating Officer. From 1994 to 1999, he was Chief Financial Officer and Head of Operations, Technology and Finance, and from 1995 to 1997 he was also Co-Chief Executive Officer for European operations for The Goldman Sachs Group, L.P. Mr. Thain currently serves on the supervisory board of Deutsche Bank AG. He previously served on the board of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. from 1998 to 2004. Qualifications Mr. Thain was selected to serve on our Board because of his experience as Chief Executive Officer of several global companies; his financial expertise from his roles at CIT Group, Merrill Lynch, and NYSE Euronext; and his government, policy, and regulatory experience. Skills 26 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Alexander Wynaendts Former CEO and Chairman, Aegon NV Age: 65 Director Since: March 2021 Committee Memberships: Audit Other Public Company Boards: Air France-KLM SA Deutsche Bank AG Biography Mr. Wynaendts has served on our Board since March 2021. From 2008 to 2020, he was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the management and executive boards of Aegon NV, one of the world s leading providers of life insurance, pensions, and asset management. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Wynaendts was Chief Operating Officer at Aegon. He was appointed as a member of Aegon s executive board in 2003, overseeing the company s international growth strategy. He joined Aegon in 1997 as Senior Vice President for Group Business Development. Prior to Aegon, Mr. Wynaendts began his career in 1984 with ABN AMRO Bank, working in Amsterdam and London in the Dutch bank s capital markets, asset management, corporate finance, and private banking operations. He currently serves as Chair of the Supervisory Board of Uber Payments BV, the Company s indirect subsidiary in the Netherlands, which holds an e-money license and processes payments for the Company s operations in Europe. Mr. Wynaendts currently serves on the board of Air France-KLM SA and the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Bank AG, where he serves as Chairman. He formerly served on the board of Citigroup Inc. from 2016 to 2021. Qualifications Mr. Wynaendts was selected to serve on our Board based on his extensive operational experience, including serving as both Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Aegon, a global provider of life insurance, pensions, and asset management, and his extensive government, policy, and regulatory experience. Skills Board Composition and Refreshment Director Independence Determination Our Board has determined that, applying the standards adopted by the NYSE, each of the following directors is independent: Revathi Advaithi Nikesh Arora Robert Eckert Ronald Sugar David Trujillo Turqi Alnowaiser Ursula Burns Amanda Ginsberg John Thain Alexander Wynaendts Our Board has determined that Dara Khosrowshahi is not independent. Board Composition and Nomination Under our corporate governance guidelines, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers several key criteria when evaluating the composition of our Board, including (i) integrity, (ii) sound business judgment, (iii) commitment to the highest ethical standards, (iv) professional background, (v) skills and relevant business experience, (vi) diversity of background and experience, (vii) ability and willingness to commit time to the Board and represent long-term interests of stockholders, and (viii) expected contributions to the Board. For a company like ours, which operates in over 70 countries, each director contributes to the Board by providing their unique perspectives based on personal and professional experiences and backgrounds. In furtherance of this, the Nominating and Governance Committee conducts self-evaluations annually in order to assess the Board s and its committees composition, performance, and effectiveness. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees Board succession planning and the recruitment of potential candidates, and considers the selection criteria outlined above in evaluating each potential candidate. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Corporate Governance Board Structure Operations Our corporate governance guidelines provide that the roles of chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) must be held by separate persons, and the chairperson of our Board must be independent. Dr. Sugar currently serves as the Independent Chairperson of our Board. In this role, he provides independent leadership and oversight of the Board and serves as a liaison between our Board and senior management. An independent chairperson helps enable independent directors to raise issues and concerns to the independent chairperson for consideration by our Board before involving senior management. Board, Committee Director Performance Our Board recognizes the importance of a comprehensive self-assessment framework for maintaining optimal Board effectiveness and to ensure that each individual director is able to effectively discharge his or her duties in supporting the Company and its objectives. Our Nominating and Governance Committee oversees ongoing review of the performance of our Board, committees, and each individual director, including oversight of the annual self-evaluation process and the implementation and review of our corporate governance guidelines. Board Evaluation Process Every year, each director participates in evaluations of the Board, each standing committee, and each individual director that allow for individual director feedback and promote collective discussion on a number of important topics relating to the Board and the Company, including the effectiveness of the Board, the committees, and each individual director and opportunities for improvement. The components of the self-evaluation process are outlined below. Evaluation Results The Board and each committee began the most recent annual evaluation process in the fourth quarter of 2025 and completed the process in February 2026. The Board and each committee, after individual one-on-one discussions and discussion involving the full Board, were satisfied with their performance and the performance of each individual director, and the Nominating and Governance Committee proposed for ten of the eleven current directors to stand for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Our Board is committed to ensuring that the right mix of skills, background, and experience is represented on the Board and its committees. This self-evaluation process has played an integral part of our Board refreshment since 2019 and is reflected by the addition of six new directors to our Board since early 2020, including the most recent addition in May 2025. 28 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Committees of the Board To support effective governance, our Board delegates certain of its responsibilities to committees. We have three standing committees the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Compensation Committee and may from time to time form other committees. The committee charter for each of the three standing committees is available on our Investor Relations website, investor.uber.com. Consistent with our corporate governance guidelines and the requirements of our committee charters, all members of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent. The Nominating and Governance Committee recommends committee composition and committee chairs to the Board at least annually. The Board and each committee have the authority to engage, and approve the fees of, independent legal, financial, or other advisors as they may deem necessary, without consulting with or obtaining the approval of management. Committee Composition Audit (1) Nominating Governance Compensation Ronald Sugar (Independent Chairperson) Revathi Advaithi Turqi Alnowaiser Nikesh Arora Ursula Burns Robert Eckert Amanda Ginsberg Dara Khosrowshahi John Thain David Trujillo Alexander Wynaendts (1) Each Audit Committee member qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert as defined by the SEC, and each member qualifies as financially literate as required by the corporate governance rules of the NYSE. Committee member Committee chair Audit Committee Members: Roles Responsibilities: John Thain (Chair) Revathi Advaithi Turqi Alnowaiser Ursula Burns Alexander Wynaendts Reviews financial statements and reports Oversees accounting and financial reporting processes and internal controls Monitors the internal audit function and plan Engages and evaluates independent auditors Ensures compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Oversees risk management and fraud prevention policies Assesses the Company s overall risk profile, including cybersecurity and privacy 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Nominating Governance Committee Members: Roles Responsibilities: Ronald Sugar (Chair) Nikesh Arora Ursula Burns Robert Eckert Amanda Ginsberg David Trujillo Reviews and recommends changes to corporate governance framework Identifies, recruits, and interviews Board candidates and evaluates the independence of new and existing directors Reviews and recommends changes to the size of the Board and its committees Evaluates and recommends committee composition Oversees annual evaluations for the Board, committees, and individual directors Oversees governance matters, including electrification and waste reduction and political activities Considers stockholder proposals and recommends actions Evaluates director requests to serve on other company boards Compensation Committee Members: Roles Responsibilities: Robert Eckert (Chair) Nikesh Arora Amanda Ginsberg Ronald Sugar David Trujillo Approves executive officer goals and objectives Sets executive officer compensation Approves executive compensation agreements, amendments, and incentive plans Oversees compensation-related risk management and mitigation Oversees the administration and performance of the Company s Clawback Policy Reviews Stock Ownership Guidelines and compliance Reviews human capital strategies and initiatives Recommends director compensation Considers stockholder advisory votes on executive pay 30 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Director Engagement Meetings Meetings of the Board Standing Committees Our Board and Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees meet at least quarterly. In 2025, our Board met nine times, the Audit Committee met eight times, the Compensation Committee met six times, and the Nominating and Governance Committee met four times. Each director who served on our Board during 2025 attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and committees on which he or she served that were held during his or her tenure on our Board. Under our corporate governance guidelines, all directors are expected to attend the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Nine directors who served at the time of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. All such nine directors are included in the nominees for re-election. Meetings of Non-Management Directors During 2025, our Board held executive sessions without management present. The Board s Roles Responsibilities Board Oversight Our Board oversees our business affairs and works with senior management to determine our long-term strategy. A transparent dialogue between our Board, its standing committees, and senior management is essential to our Board s oversight role, and, to this end, our Board and its standing committees regularly conduct meetings with risk management experts and our senior officers responsible for risk oversight, including our Chief Legal Officer; Chief Ethics, Compliance Security Officer; Chief Financial Officer; and Chief Executive Officer. Our Audit Committee oversees our risk management procedures and processes for preventing and detecting fraud. Risk Oversight Our commitment to innovation inherently involves significant risk. As a result, one of our Board s important functions is the oversight of risk management. Our Board s assessment of and decisions regarding risk occur in the context of and in conjunction with our Board s and standing committees other activities. We seek to align our approach to risk-taking with our business strategy by encouraging innovation while managing our levels of risk. Our committee charters and risk management policies set forth the following responsibilities: Board of Directors Primary responsibility for risk oversight, assigning duties to committees and receiving briefings and reports from management. They align risk-taking with business strategy, encouraging innovation while managing risk levels. Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating Governance Committee Conducts an annual review of the Company s risk profile. Reviews risk management processes. Receives updates on internal audits and fraud allegations, while also reviewing financial risk exposures and internal controls. Additionally, the committee oversees management s fraud prevention and detection measures. Oversees employee compensation programs, reviews compensation-related risks, and examines human capital strategies, including talent and employee engagement. The committee also review potential conflicts of interest involving committee advisors. Reviews risks associated with the Company s corporate governance framework, identifies and evaluates potential Board members (including with respect to independence), and oversees the Company s governance matters, including emerging trends. Management Identifies risks and develops controls for significant business activities, including fraud prevention. They integrate risk assessments into strategic decisions and create programs to evaluate risk identification and balance risk with potential rewards. Additionally, management provides risk-related reports and updates to the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 1 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation CEO Management Succession Planning The responsibilities of our Board, or a committee thereof as determined by our Board, include periodically reviewing succession planning for our executive officers, including our CEO. The goal of our Board is to have a long-term and continuing program for effective senior leadership development and succession. We have a contingency plan in place for emergencies such as the death, disability, or unexpected or sudden departure of an executive officer. Annually, the Board reviews a succession assessment for our senior leaders including our NEOs. The assessment profiles each potential NEO successor and includes strengths, opportunities, and overall readiness. Other Governance Policies Practices Corporate Governance Guidelines Our corporate governance guidelines embody many of our governance policies, practices, and procedures, which are the foundation of our commitment to effective corporate governance. The Nominating and Governance Committee will review the corporate governance guidelines periodically and recommend amendments to our Board as appropriate. The corporate governance guidelines outline the responsibilities, operations, qualifications, and composition of our Board, among other matters. The full text of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our Investor Relations website, investor.uber.com. We also intend to disclose on our website any future amendments of our corporate governance guidelines. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities that applies to all personnel, including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. We also follow procedures for the repurchase of our securities. We believe that our insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to us. Prohibition on Hedging Pledging Shares Our insider trading policy provides that Company employees and directors may not engage in derivative transactions involving the Company s securities. Our insider trading policy further prohibits Company employees and directors from hedging or lending Company securities in any transaction, including by entering into any short sales, swaps, options, puts, calls, forward contracts, or any other similar derivatives transaction. Finally, we do not let our directors or employees pledge their securities for margin loans or any other speculative transactions. Director Commitments Additional Board Service Our Nominating and Governance Committee recognizes the importance of ensuring that external commitments do not impair any director s ability to discharge their responsibilities to effectively serve on the Board. Director effectiveness is taken into account as part of the annual evaluation process and related discussions and is reflected in the corporate governance guidelines approved by our Board. Those guidelines require that the Nominating and Governance Committee review each director s external board commitments, including board leadership roles such as serving as board chair or lead director of a public company, on at least an annual basis as part of the annual evaluation process to ensure that no director s ability to serve effectively on our Board is impaired by external board commitments. Pursuant to the corporate governance guidelines, no director may serve on more than four other public company boards or on more than one other public company board if the director is also our CEO or the chief executive officer of another public company. The Nominating and Governance Committee may approve exceptions if it determines that the additional service will not impair the director s effectiveness as a member of our Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee completed its most recent review of external board commitments in early 2026 and, taking into consideration factors such as the results of its overall annual evaluation process, determined that no director s ability to serve on our Board was impaired by their existing external board commitments. All directors are currently compliant with the numerical limits on external board memberships set forth in our corporate governance guidelines other than (i) Nikesh Arora, who is the chief executive officer of Palo Alto Networks and serves on the boards of Palo Alto Networks and Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A., each a public company, and (ii) our CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, who serves on the boards of Expedia Group and Grab Holdings Ltd., each a public company. Uber has a significant equity stake in Grab Holdings Ltd., and we believe that there is significant value in Mr. Khosrowshahi serving on its board. Mr. Arora, as CEO of Palo Alto Networks, brings deep cybersecurity and AI expertise to our Board, and we believe there is significant value to our stockholders from Mr. Arora s experience, including his direct insight into managing cyber risk and overseeing emerging technology threats. On the basis of the foregoing determinations and their strong contributions to the Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee has approved an exception to the policy on numerical limits for each of Mr. Arora and Mr. Khosrowshahi, as permitted under our corporate governance guidelines. 32 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Promoting Integrity At Uber, we do the right thing. Period. We foster an environment where we hold ourselves to the highest standards of integrity by communicating regularly and educating often about ethics and expected standards of conduct. We celebrate the importance of ethical decision-making and doing the right thing, particularly during our annual Ethics Compliance Week when we remind employees about their responsibility to raise concerns or questions regarding ethics, compliance, workplace culture, and harassment. Employees are offered various reporting channels including Uber s Integrity Helpline, a toll-free number that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year and is staffed by live operators who can connect to translators to accommodate multiple languages. Uber publicizes its Integrity Helpline through internal communications and by featuring it externally within its Business Conduct Guide, which is posted on the Investor Relations site. Employees are expected to use the Integrity Helpline to promptly report suspected violations of laws, regulations, rules, policies, procedures, and standards, including our Business Conduct Guide. Calls to the Uber Integrity Helpline are received by a third-party vendor, which conducts intake for the concerns raised on the calls. Reported matters are promptly brought to the attention of our internal investigations teams. As a general matter, our Global Head of Internal Audit; Chief Ethics, Compliance Security Officer; and Head of Employee Relations share responsibility for reviewing concerns expressed through the Integrity Helpline and are responsible for ensuring that such concerns are handled appropriately. Our Investigations Protocol allocates responsibility for handling the concerns to the appropriate function within our Company and establishes investigative standards among the participating functions. Investigators within the relevant functions participate in mandatory investigative training as well. Concerns may also be reported to or through managers, HR business partners, and a dedicated e-mail address managed by the Compliance team. In addition, individuals may raise concerns through a web portal that is available in more than 20 languages. Any individual may also raise a concern by accessing our corporate website. Individuals may choose to remain anonymous when reporting such matters, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Our corporate policies prohibit retaliatory actions against anyone who in good faith raises concerns or questions or who participates in a subsequent investigation of such concerns or questions. Our Chief Ethics, Compliance Security Officer and our Global Head of Internal Audit report to the Audit Committee no less than quarterly regarding issues raised through the Uber Integrity Helpline. Business Conduct Guide Code of Ethics We have adopted a Business Conduct Guide and Code of Ethics, which is posted on our Investor Relations website, investor.uber.com. We will also disclose on our website any amendments to the sections of our Business Conduct Guide that constitute our Code of Ethics and any waivers granted to our executive officers or directors. Communication with Directors Executive Officers Stockholders and others who wish to communicate with the Board or any individual director, including our Independent Chairperson, may do so by writing to the following address: Board of Directors Uber Technologies, Inc. c/o Corporate Secretary 1725 3rd Street San Francisco, California 94158 All such correspondence is reviewed by the Corporate Secretary s office, which logs the material for tracking purposes. Our Board has asked the Corporate Secretary s office to forward to the appropriate director(s) all correspondence, except for personal grievances, items unrelated to the functions of the Board, business solicitations, advertisements, and materials that are profane. Availability of Corporate Governance Documents Our corporate governance documents are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.uber.com. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement. Additionally, copies of our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, all standing Committee Charters, the corporate governance guidelines, the Business Conduct Guide and Code of Ethics, Conflicts of Interest Policy, Stock Ownership Guidelines, Clawback Policy, and the Related Party Transactions Policy are available in print upon request by writing to the Corporate Secretary at Uber Technologies, Inc., 1725 3rd Street, San Francisco, California 94158. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations to us, we believe that for fiscal year 2025, all filing requirements applicable to the Company s officers, directors, and greater than 10% beneficial owners pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, were complied with, except that Nikesh Arora timely filed a Form 3 that inadvertently omitted shares indirectly held by Mr. Arora. An amended Form 3 was subsequently filed by Mr. Arora. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation Certain Relationships Related Person Transactions Other than the executive officer and director compensation arrangements discussed in the sections titled Executive Compensation and Director Compensation and compensation to other executive officers that would have been disclosed in that section if any such executive officer had been an NEO, we describe transactions and series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2025, in which we participated or will participate, in which: the amounts involved exceeded or exceed $120,000; and any of our then directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5% of our capital stock at the time of such transaction, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Policies Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons We have a written policy that our executive officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5% of any class of our capital stock, and any members of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons are not permitted to enter into a related party transaction with us without the consent of our Audit Committee. Any request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, in which such person would have a direct or indirect interest, must be presented to our Audit Committee for review, consideration, and approval, or ratification. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, our Audit Committee is to consider the relevant facts and circumstances of the transaction available to it, including, but not limited to, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unrelated third party or to employees under the same or similar circumstances, and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. The written policy requires that, in determining whether to approve or reject a related person transaction, our Audit Committee must consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders, as our Audit Committee determines in good faith. Indemnification Agreements Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting the liability of directors, and our amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide our Board with discretion to indemnify our employees and other agents when determined appropriate by the Board. In addition, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with each of our directors and executive officers, which requires us to indemnify them. Other Transactions We have granted stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), and restricted stock awards to our executive officers and certain of our directors. For a description of the equity awards held by our NEOs and directors that are currently outstanding, see Compensation Discussion Analysis (CD A) and Executive Compensation Tables in this proxy statement. We have entered into change in control arrangements with certain of our executive officers that, among other things, provide for certain severance and change in control benefits. For a description of these agreements, see Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control in this proxy statement. We believe the terms of the transactions described above are comparable to terms we could have obtained in arm s-length dealings with unrelated third parties. 34 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis Compensation Tables Stock Ownership Information Audit Matters Additional Information Director Compensation We compensate our non-employee directors in accordance with our Director Compensation Policy established by our Compensation Committee in consultation with our Board, compensation consultants, CEO, and other members of our senior management team. The Director Compensation Policy is intended to attract highly qualified, experienced, and valuable candidates, provide them competitive pay, and align their interests with stockholders. The Compensation Committee annually reviews our Director Compensation Policy to assess our pay levels and practices relative to the levels and practices of our peer group. Following such a review and considering that no changes had been made to our Director Compensation Policy since January 2022, on May 5, 2025, the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we amended our Director Compensation Policy effective as of the date of such meeting to increase the cash retainer for all non-employee directors to $60,000 (from $50,000) and increase the Annual RSU grant to $300,000 (from $275,000). Our Director Compensation Policy consisted of the following elements in 2025: Description of Non-Employee Director Compensation Amount Cash Retainer for All Directors (1)(2) $ 60,000 Annual RSU Grant for All Directors (3)(4)(5) $ 300,000 Committee Additional Cash Retainer (1) Audit Committee Chair $ 40,000 Compensation Committee Chair $ 30,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair $ 30,000 Non-Chair Audit Committee Member $ 20,000 Non-Chair Compensation Committee Member $ 15,000 Non-Chair Nominating and Governance Committee Member $ 15,000 Independent Chairperson of the Board Additional Cash Retainer (1) $ 200,000 (1) Earned quarterly and paid in arrears on a quarterly basis. Non-employee directors joining the Board after the beginning of the year receive a prorated cash retainer reflecting his or her actual period of service on our Board for the year. Non-employee directors based in the U.S. may elect to receive all or a portion of any cash retainer in the form of RSUs pursuant to the RSU Conversion and Deferral Program for Directors and such RSUs are granted quarterly. (2) Based on the May 5, 2025 amendment to our Director Compensation Policy, the cash retainer paid to all non-employee directors increased to $60,000 from $50,000, effective May 5, 2025. (3) Based on the May 5, 2025 amendment to our Director Compensation Policy, the target grant value of the Annual RSU Grant increased to $300,000 from $275,000, effective for the 2025 Annual RSU Grant. (4) A non-employee director joining the Board after the date of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the applicable year receives a prorated Annual RSU Grant reflecting his or her actual period of service on our Board for the year, with such year being measured beginning on the date of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the applicable year. Mr. Arora s Annual RSU Grant was prorated based on the date he joined the Board, which was May 31, 2025. (5) Pursuant to our Director Compensation Policy, the Annual RSU Grant payable to non-employee directors is payable based on service for the fiscal year commencing at each Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Our Annual RSU Grants for 2025 were made on the date of our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with such RSU grants vesting on the day prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders for all of our non-employee directors, other than Mr. Arora. Mr. Arora s prorated Annual RSU Grant for 2025 was granted on June 18, 2025, and will vest on the day prior to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We do not pay meeting fees. We do offer reimbursements to our non-employee directors for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred when attending meetings of our Board and committees, including travel and lodging. In 2025, all of our non-employee directors received an Annual RSU Grant and a cash retainer, either paid in cash or converted to vested RSUs pursuant to our RSU Conversion and Deferral Program for Directors, based on their role as a chairperson and/or member of a committee. Stock Price Volatility at Grant For accounting purposes, the fair value of equity awards must be determined based on the closing price of our common stock on the actual grant date. We have historically determined the number of equity shares granted to all employees, including our NEOs, and our non-employee directors, based on a value-to-share conversion methodology that relies on the average stock price from the prior month. As a result of higher than typical stock price volatility in April 2025 leading up to our May 6 grant date (for all non-employee directors other than Mr. Arora), the RSU grant awarded to non-employee directors had an accounting value that was 17% higher on the grant date than the targeted grant value due to the increase between the average trading price of our common stock in April 2025 of $73.32 and the trading price of our common stock on May 6, 2025 of $85.83. The reported values included in the Stock Awards column in the table below may vary materially from the targeted grant values referenced above as a result of this stock price volatility and accounting complexities. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 5 Table of Contents Voting Agenda Proxy Statement Summary Board and Governance Matters Director Compensation RSU Conversion Deferral Program for Directors Pursuant to our RSU Conversion and Deferral Program for Directors, our non-employee directors based in the U.S. may elect to receive all or a portion of their earned cash retainers in the form of vested RSUs. The program also allows non-employee directors to elect to defer the settlement and payout of any vested RSUs to be issued in either a single payment or in three annual installments (i) on a future date during his or her service, as designated by the non-employee director, or (ii) upon the termination of his or her service as a non-employee director. A non-employee director must generally make such RSU election and/or deferral election before the start of each calendar year. In December 2025, non-employee directors made their RSU election and/or deferral election for the 2026 Annual RSU Grant and 2026 cash compensation. Uber Payments BV Board Membership - Mr. Wynaendts In addition to serving as a non-employee director on our Board, Mr. Wynaendts also serves as Chair of the Supervisory Board of Uber Payments BV, the Company s indirect subsidiary in the Netherlands, and a member of the Risk Committee and Nomination and Remuneration Committee thereof, roles he has held since March 2021. Uber Payments BV provides regulated payments services and issues electronic money. Uber Payments BV is authorized and regulated by the Dutch prudential supervisory authority (De Nederlandsche Bank) on the basis of an electronic money institution (EMI) license and is subject to ongoing supervision. The Dutch EMI license is passported in the European Economic Area, in support of the broader Uber platform proposition. As a member of the Supervisory Board of Uber Payments BV, Mr. Wynaendts has undergone a mandatory integrity screening by De Nederlandsche Bank ascertaining he meets the necessary qualifications required to be appointed. Members of the Supervisory Board of Uber Payments BV are appointed by the entity s shareholders and are not automatically reappointed at the end