=== UBER_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our platform, and in particular our Mobility products, are subject to differing, and sometimes conflicting, laws, rules, and regulations in the numerous jurisdictions in which we operate. A large number of proposals are before various national, regional, and local legislative bodies and regulatory entities, both within the United States and in foreign jurisdictions, regarding issues related to our business model. In the United States, many state and local laws, rules, and regulations impose legal restrictions and other requirements on operating our Mobility products, including licensing, insurance, screening, and background check requirements. Outside of the United States, certain jurisdictions have adopted similar laws, rules, and regulations while other jurisdictions have not adopted any laws, rules, and regulations which govern our Mobility business. Further, certain jurisdictions have adopted laws, rules, and regulations banning certain ridesharing products or imposing extensive operational restrictions. This uncertainty and fragmented regulatory environment creates significant complexities for our business and operating model. In addition, our Delivery and Freight products are also subject to laws, regulations and standards that govern the transportation of food, alcohol and other goods. Substantially all states in the United States and numerous municipalities in the United States and around the world have adopted Transportation Network Company ( TNC ) regulations. These regulations generally focus on companies that operate websites or mobile apps that connect individual drivers with their own vehicles to passengers willing to pay to be driven to their destinations. These regulations often require TNCs to comply with rules regarding, among other things, background checks, vehicle inspections, accessible vehicles, driver and consumer safety, insurance, driver training, driver conduct, and other similar matters. In addition, many jurisdictions have adopted regulations that apply to how we classify the Drivers who use our platform. This uncertainty and fragmented regulatory environment creates significant complexities for our business and operating model. As we continue to expand our offerings, we may be subject to additional regulations separate from those that apply to our existing products. See the section titled Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A and Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Data Privacy and Protection Our technology platform, and the user data we collect and process to run our business, are an integral part of our business model and, as a result, our compliance with laws dealing with the collection and processing of personal data is core to our strategy to improve platform user experience and build trust. Regulators around the world have adopted or proposed requirements regarding the collection, use, transfer, security, storage, destruction, and other processing of personal data, and these laws are increasing in number, enforcement, fines, and other penalties. Two examples of such regulations that have significant implications for our business are the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), a law which went into effect in May 2018 and implemented more stringent requirements for processing personal data relating to individuals in the EU, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which went into effect in January 2020 and established new consumer rights and data privacy and protection requirements for covered businesses. U.S. state, city, federal, and foreign regulators are expected to continue proposing and adopting significant laws impacting the processing of personal data and other data relating to individuals, such as the California Privacy Rights Act ( CPRA ) passed in California (effective in January 2023), and India s Digital Personal Data Protection Act enacted in 2023. 6 Payments and Financial Services Most jurisdictions in which we operate have laws that govern payment and financial services activities. For example, our subsidiary in the Netherlands, Uber Payments B.V., is registered and authorized as an electronic money institution in support of certain payment activities in the European Economic Area (the EEA ). We hold similar licenses in the United Kingdom and Mexico. Regulators in certain additional jurisdictions may determine that certain aspects of our business are subject to these laws and could require us to obtain licenses to continue to operate in such jurisdictions. In addition, laws related to money transmission and online payments are evolving, and changes in such laws could affect our ability to provide payment processing on our platform or to offer or promote certain financial services to users of the platform. We are continuing to evaluate our options for seeking further licenses and approvals in several other jurisdictions to optimize payment solutions and support future growth of our business. Antitrust Competition authorities closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign antitrust and competition laws. An increasing number of governments are enforcing competition laws and are doing so with increased scrutiny, including governments in large markets such as the EU, the United States, Brazil, and India, particularly surrounding issues of pricing parity, price-fixing, and abuse of market power. In addition, governmental agencies and regulators may, among other things, prohibit future acquisitions, divestitures, or combinations we plan to make, impose significant fines or penalties, require divestiture of certain of our assets, or impose other restrictions that limit or require us to modify our operations, including limitations on our contractual relationships with platform users or restrictions on our pricing models. Intellectual Property We believe that our intellectual property is essential to our business and affords us a competitive advantage in the markets in which we operate. Our intellectual property includes the content of our website, mobile applications, registered domain names, social media accounts/handles, software code, firmware, hardware and hardware designs, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark applications, copyrights, trade secrets, inventions (whether or not patentable), patents, and patent applications. To protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret laws, contractual provisions, end-user policies, and disclosure restrictions. Upon discovery of potential infringement of our intellectual property, we assess and when necessary, take action to protect our rights as appropriate. We also enter into confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and seek to control access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information in a commercially prudent manner. Research and Development Because the industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological advances, our ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon our ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive new offerings and technologies. We continue to develop new technologies to enhance existing offerings and services, and to expand the range of our offerings through research and development ( R D ) and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology. Seasonality Mobility We typically expect to experience seasonal impacts to our operating results as we generate higher Gross Bookings in our fourth quarter compared to other quarters due in part to fourth-quarter holiday and business demand, and typically generate lower Gross Bookings in our first quarter compared to other quarters due in part to less usage of our platform as holiday demand slows down. We have typically experienced softer quarter-over-quarter Mobility trends in the first quarter. Delivery We typically expect to experience seasonal impacts to our operating results with increases in our Gross Bookings in the fourth quarter compared to other quarters. Human Capital at Uber Employees We are a global company and as of December 31, 2025, we and our subsidiaries had approximately 34,000 employees globally and operations in over 70 countries and more than 15,000 cities around the world. Our human capital strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People Officer, who reports to the CEO, and are overseen by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, engineering, and other personnel who are in high demand, are often subject to competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors. 7 Employee Engagement . To attract and retain the best talent, we strive to establish a culture where people are able to achieve their highest capability. We measure how successful we have been in establishing the culture we need through employee engagement surveys and related tools. We conduct continuous listening by collecting feedback from employees throughout the year and through various channels. We use the results of these regular checks to better understand employees needs and support their teams on topics such as well-being, fairness, rewards and recognition, and growth opportunities. For example, our hybrid work approach was shaped based on employee feedback. In addition to the engagement survey results, we also monitor the health of our workforce and the success of our people operations through monitoring metrics such as attrition, retention, and offer acceptance rates. Employee Development and Retention . We believe that employees who have opportunities for development are more engaged, satisfied, and productive. Employees are empowered to drive their own growth, whether by learning on the job, finding stretch assignments, participating in mentorship, or identifying their next opportunity within Uber through internal mobility programs. Employees have access to an internal jobs marketplace for full-time jobs as well as short-term stretch assignments that enable them to have an impact on other areas of the business. Our goal is to help our employees be their best selves by providing programs and resources that promote wellness and productivity. Globally, Uber offers competitive benefits packages to our employees and their families. For additional discussion, see the risk factor titled Our business depends on retaining and attracting high-quality personnel, and continued attrition, future attrition, or unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Driver and Courier Well-Being In addition to employees discussed above, our business also depends on our ability to attract and engage Drivers, consumers, Merchants, Shippers, and Couriers, as well as contractors and consultants that support our global operations. In relation to those individuals who earn income on our platform, Uber is one of the largest open platforms for work in the world, providing accessible, flexible work in over 70 countries. Drivers are key parts of the marketplaces that Uber has created through its apps. People choose to use our platform to earn income without having to apply for, or work the fixed schedules associated with, traditional employment. We believe this flexibility is an improvement over traditional work schedules and is something we believe can and should remain available to anyone who chooses platform-based work. Uber monitors regional and global driver attraction, retention and satisfaction rates. Accessible, flexible, independent work has offered an option for many workers historically marginalized from the labor market and has enabled wide geographic coverage and reliable service offerings for consumers. However, it is increasingly clear that more can be done to improve the experience of using an app to connect with work opportunities. Although the situation varies across countries and cities, the benefits and protections for independent workers are generally patchy compared with those that employees receive. The current binary system of employment classification under some legal frameworks means that a worker is either an employee who is provided significant social benefits or an independent worker who has access to relatively few. This does not have to be the case. At Uber, we believe that being your own boss should not have to come at the expense of security and dignity in work. Around the world, Uber has found innovative ways to address these issues. Advocacy : We have advocated for wider policy solutions to improve access to protections and benefits for independent workers. We believe all work should be treated equally. We also believe that legislative reform is needed to modernize the social safety net. This includes requiring Uber and other app based companies to provide benefits and protections to their users without compromising the flexibility of their use of the app. Some examples of our advocacy to preserve flexibility of work while expanding access to benefits and protections are as follows: Global: We renewed our agreement with the ITF (International Transport Workers Federation), a democratic, affiliate-led federation of over 700 transport workers unions from 150 countries, representing 16.5 million workers. The agreement invites collaboration on topics such as trade union representation, freedom of association and bargaining, working conditions, health and safety, social protections, and dispute resolution. Spain: In 2024, Uber Eats and the UGT (Uni n General de Trabajadores) signed a memorandum of understanding aimed at improving working conditions for platform workers across the entire delivery sector, focusing on safety, training, and collective representation. We welcomed a number of policy developments and agreements across the globe, including: In Canada, the provinces of British Columbia and Ontario introduced laws guaranteeing minimum earnings, transparency, and deactivation notices for platform drivers and couriers, while preserving their independent contractor status. In Australia, the passage of the Fair Work Legislation Amendment affirms platform workers independent status while guaranteeing access to minimum pay standards, superannuation, and deactivation protections. 8 Protections and benefits : We partner with leading insurance companies around the world to pioneer protections for independent workers. Earnings : We are continually developing new technology that Drivers can use to acquire information that may help them save on costs and make informed choices about where and when to drive (based on when and where their earnings potential is highest). Learning and Growth : We have partnered with learning and academic institutions to provide opportunities to eligible Drivers and/or their family members through undergraduate degree programs and courses on entrepreneurship, skills development and language learning. For example, since its launch in 2018, our partnership with Arizona State University has enrolled nearly 8,850 Drivers and their family members in the Arizona State University Uber Educational Program with full tuition coverage, and more than 10,000 Drivers and their family members have had over 19,000 enrollments in English language learning and entrepreneurship courses. Engagement : We remain focused on listening to and responding to the ideas and concerns of Drivers and Merchants who use our platform. We believe that the best ideas can come from anywhere, both inside and outside our company. In locations around the world, we continue to explore innovative ways for Drivers to participate in meaningful dialogue with us. In markets across the world, we hold regular meetings with Driver associations and conduct regular surveys to gather feedback on our app, our support services, and other matters. For additional discussion, see the risk factor titled If we are unable to attract or maintain a critical mass of Drivers, consumers, merchants, Shippers, and Carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users. included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional Information We were founded in 2009 and incorporated as Ubercab, Inc., a Delaware corporation, in July 2010. In February 2011, we changed our name to Uber Technologies, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 1725 3rd Street, San Francisco, California 94158, and our telephone number is (415) 612-8582. Our website address is www.uber.com and our investor relations website is located at https://investor.uber.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ) are also available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, as part of our investor relations website. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Risk Factor Summary The following are some of these risks, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business financial condition, operating results, or prospects. Our business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees instead of independent contractors. The mobility, delivery, and logistics industries are highly competitive, with well-established and low-cost alternatives that have been available for decades, low barriers to entry, low switching costs, and well-capitalized competitors in nearly every major geographic region. 9 To remain competitive in certain markets, we have in the past lowered, and may continue to lower, fares or service fees, and we have in the past offered, and may continue to offer, significant Driver incentives and consumer discounts and promotions. We have incurred significant losses, including in the United States and other major markets. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the foreseeable future, and we may not maintain profitability. If we are unable to attract or maintain a critical mass of Drivers, consumers, merchants, Shippers, and Carriers, whether as a result of competition or other factors, our platform will become less appealing to platform users. Our business depends on retaining and attracting high-quality personnel, and continued attrition, future attrition, or unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation is critical to our business prospects. We receive significant media coverage, including negative publicity regarding our brand and reputation, and while we have taken significant steps to rehabilitate our brand and reputation, failure to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation will cause our business to suffer. We may fail to offer autonomous vehicle technologies on our platform at competitive scale, fail to offer such technologies or scale on our platform before our competitors, or such technologies may fail to perform as expected, may be inferior to those offered by our competitors, or may be perceived as less safe than those offered by competitors or non-autonomous vehicles. If we are unable to optimize our organizational structure or effectively manage our growth, our financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected. Our historical workplace culture and forward-leaning approach created operational, compliance, and cultural challenges and our efforts to address these challenges may not be successful. Platform users may engage in, or be subject to, criminal, violent, inappropriate, or dangerous activity that results in major safety incidents, which may harm our ability to attract and retain Drivers, consumers, merchants, Shippers, and Carriers. We are making substantial investments in new offerings and technologies, and may increase such investments in the future. These new ventures are inherently risky, and we may never realize any expected benefits from them. We generate a significant percentage of our Gross Bookings from trips in large metropolitan areas, and these operations may be negatively affected by economic, social, weather, and regulatory conditions, public health concerns or other circumstances. We have experienced and may experience security or privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, acquisition of, use of, disclosure of, alteration of or destruction of our proprietary or confidential data, employee data, or platform user data. Cyberattacks, including computer malware, ransomware, viruses, denial of service attacks, account takeovers, spamming, phishing, and social engineering attacks could harm our reputation, business, and operating results. Our growing use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with algorithm development or use, the tools and data sets used, and/or a complex, developing regulatory environment. We are subject to climate risks, including physical and transitional risks, and if we are unable to manage such risks, our business may be adversely impacted. Increased attention to, and evolving expectations regarding environmental and social matters may adversely impact our business, reputation and liabilities, including in the context of certain goals we have announced. Occurrence of a catastrophic event, including but not limited to disease, a weather event, war, or terrorist attack, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. We rely on third parties maintaining open marketplaces to distribute our platform and to provide the software we use in certain of our products and offerings. If such third parties interfere with the distribution of our products or offerings or with our use of such software, our business would be adversely affected. We will require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate suitable businesses, our operating results and prospects could be harmed, and any businesses we acquire may not perform as expected or be effectively integrated. We may continue to be blocked from or limited in providing or operating our products and offerings in certain jurisdictions, and may be required to modify our business model in those jurisdictions as a result. 10 Our business is subject to numerous legal and regulatory risks that could have an adverse impact on our business and future prospects. Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight relating to the provision of payment and financial services. We face risks related to our collection, use, transfer, disclosure, deletion and other processing of data, which have resulted and may result in investigations, inquiries, litigation, fines, legislative and regulatory action, and negative press about our privacy and data protection practices. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, or if third parties are successful in claiming that we are misappropriating the intellectual property of others, we may incur significant expense and our business may be adversely affected. The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance, and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid and may lose all or part of your investment. Operational and Economic Risks Related to Our Business Operational Risks Our business would be adversely affected if Drivers were classified as employees, workers or quasi-employees. The classification of Drivers is currently being challenged in courts, by legislators and by government agencies in the United States and abroad. We are involved in numerous legal proceedings globally, including putative class and collective class action lawsuits, demands for arbitration, charges and claims before administrative agencies, and investigations or audits by labor, social security, and tax authorities that claim that Drivers should be treated as our employees (or as workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist), rather than as independent contractors. We believe that Drivers are independent contractors because, among other things, they can choose whether, when, and where to provide services on our platform, are free to provide services on our competitors platforms, and provide a vehicle to perform services on our platform. Nevertheless, we may not be successful in defending the classification of Drivers in some or all jurisdictions. Furthermore, the costs associated with defending, settling, or resolving pending and future lawsuits (including demands for arbitration) relating to the classification of Drivers have been and may continue to be material to our business. In addition, more than 150,000 Drivers in the United States who have entered into arbitration agreements with us have filed (or expressed an intention to file) arbitration demands against us that assert similar classification claims. We have resolved the classification claims of a majority of these Drivers under individual settlement agreements. Furthermore, we are involved in numerous legal proceedings regarding the enforceability of arbitration agreements entered into with Drivers. If we are not successful in such proceedings, this could negatively impact the enforceability of arbitration agreements in other legal proceedings, which could have an adverse consequence on our business and financial condition. Changes to foreign, state, and local laws governing the definition or classification of independent contractors, or judicial decisions regarding independent contractor classification, could require classification of Drivers as employees (or workers or quasi-employees where those statuses exist) and/or representation of Drivers by labor unions. For example, California s Assembly Bill 5 became effective as of January 1, 2020. Government authorities and private plaintiffs have brought litigation asserting that Assembly Bill 5 requires Drivers in California to be classified as employees. In November 2020, California voters approved Proposition 22, a California state ballot initiative that provides a framework for drivers that use platforms like ours for independent work. Proposition 22 went into effect in December 2020 and we expect that Drivers will be able to maintain their status as independent contractors under California law and that we and our competitors will be required to comply with the provisions of Proposition 22. Although our stipulation to dissolve the California Attorney General s preliminary injunction was granted in April 2021, that litigation remains pending, and we also may face liability relating to periods before the effective date of Proposition 22. The California Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of Proposition 22; however, legal challenges, including constitutional challenges, to Proposition 22 may continue to be filed. We face similar challenges in other jurisdictions within the United States and abroad. For example, in July 2020, the Massachusetts Attorney General filed a complaint against Uber and Lyft, alleging that drivers are misclassified, and seeking an injunction. That case was resolved in June 2024 with the understanding that drivers would continue to be classified as independent contractors. If we do not prevail in current litigation or similar actions that may be brought in the future, we may be re