=== GRMN_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Ri sk Factors The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Risks If we are not successful in the continued development, timely manufacture, and introduction of new products or product categories, overall demand for our products could decrease to the extent that total sales and profits decline. A significant portion of our revenue has been, and we expect in the future will continue to be, derived from sales of newly introduced products. The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and regulations and changes in customer needs. If we fail to introduce new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards, regulatory requirements or customer needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make significant investments in research and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance. If we are unable to successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. There are many factors that can affect new product offerings, product features, and timeliness to market. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products to new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related to new products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, supply chain constraints, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory approval, or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, the associated loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. The markets for many of our products and services are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Additionally, existing and emerging competitors have been able to replicate certain features offered by some of our products and services or respond more rapidly to emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. Some of our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers may develop in-house equipment and components that they currently purchase from us. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against current or future competitors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 We may experience unique economic and political risks associated with companies that operate in Taiwan. Our principal manufacturing facilities for consumer products are located in Taiwan. The People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands, and all of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic and cultural relations exist between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan. There is also a risk that the PRC government may unilaterally seek to occupy Taiwan, by force if necessary, without a clear triggering event. In this scenario, Garmin’s manufacturing facilities and suppliers based in Taiwan could be subject to disruptions that could have a material negative impact to our operations. United States–Taiwan relations are governed by the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act, which signifies when the U.S. switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to the PRC, referred to as the "one-China" policy. China's relations with Taiwan may also be influenced by changes in relations between the U.S. and China or other geopolitical conditions. Deviations from the "one-China" policy or other conflicts or disputes could lead to adverse changes in China-U.S. and China-Taiwan relations and could materially adversely affect our manufacturing operations and suppliers based in Taiwan, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have made and may continue making significant investments in the auto OEM segment, the associated cost of which may negatively impact total company profits. We have been awarded several tier-one and tier-two auto OEM supplier contracts. To fulfill the associated program commitments, we have invested significantly in facilities, research and development, and other operating expenses. Operating performance of the auto OEM segment has negatively impacted our consolidated operating income, as the associated revenue and gross profit have not been sufficient to cover these costs. If we are not successful in winning additional contracts, substantially leveraging our past and future investments, and implementing and maintaining efficient manufacturing processes, the auto OEM segment’s contributions may continue to negatively impact total company profits. We may incur substantial restructuring costs if we are unable to generate profits from auto OEM contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on third party suppliers and licensors, some of which are sole source, for technology and components used in our products. Our production and business would be seriously harmed if these suppliers or licensors are not able to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise. We are dependent on third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party suppliers include semiconductors, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors. The availability of high-quality components at reasonable cost is essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components we use are from sole source suppliers. We have experienced and expect to in the future experience shortages of certain components, as well as delays in procuring certain components. In addition, a shortage in supply of components may result in an increase of the costs of procuring these components. Supply chain disruptions, including suppliers being unable to meet our demand for components or the inability to obtain components from alternative sources, or component cost increases could affect our ability to maintain timely and cost-effective production of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products are also dependent on certain licensed technology and content. If we are unable to continue sourcing such technology and content from our licensors and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if our relationships with our licensors change detrimentally, our ability to provide certain features in our products would be affected, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 15 Our business has been and is expected to continue to be impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions. Our company, our global supply chain, and our global distribution network have experienced and are expected to continue to be exposed to information technology system failures and network disruptions including those caused by natural disasters, human error, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents. Failures or disruptions of our internal operations, our systems, the systems of our supply chain partners, or the systems of our business partners, which can include, among other things, order processing, invoicing, and manufacturing and distribution of products, and a loss of functionality of critical systems and online services, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have technology and processes in place designed to detect and respond to such failures and disruptions. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, and the nature of other potential incidents change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, our detection and response measures may be ineffective or inadequate. Furthermore, even with appropriate training conducted in support of such measures, human errors and omissions may still occur resulting in system failures and/or disruptions to our information technology infrastructure. Therefore, our business continuity and disaster recovery planning, or those of others in our global supply chain, may not be able to sufficiently mitigate all threats and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of proprietary or confidential information, including personal information, could result in significant reputational, financial, legal, and operational consequences. We have in the past experienced, and expect to continue to experience, malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems that seek to compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of proprietary and confidential information. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, to conduct additional employee training, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. A breach of our security systems and procedures or those of others in our global supply chain could result in significant data losses or theft of our intellectual property, confidential and proprietary information, or that of our business partners, as well as our users’ or employees' personal information, which could compromise our competitive position, reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Such events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, if we fail to reasonably maintain the security of our intellectual property, confidential and proprietary information, or that of our business partners, or the personal information of our users or employees, we may be subject to private litigation, government investigations, regulatory proceedings, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or remediation costs. Although we maintain cyber insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and significant self-insured retentions, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business would suffer if we are not able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel. Our future success depends significantly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, and administrative personnel. Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel we require to maintain and grow our market position has been and is expected to continue to be challenging. Shortages in qualified workforce personnel may lead to increased compensation costs in order for us to recruit and retain such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, our business and growth prospects will be harmed, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying certain severance payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do not have key person life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance. The loss of the services of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not correctly anticipate demand for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have costly excess production or inventories. The demand for our products depends on many factors and may be difficult to forecast due to our increasingly diverse product portfolio, intensifying competition in the markets for our products, and the maturing of markets for some of our products. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand have caused and could in the future cause the following challenges to our operations: • If demand increases beyond what we forecast, we may not be able to adequately increase production to meet demand. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough, due to supply chain issues or other constraints, to meet unexpected demand. • Additionally, rapid increases in production levels to meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components, higher freight costs associated with urgent distribution of the products, and other expenses. These higher costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may also lower our profit margins and reduce customer satisfaction. • If actual results are significantly lower than forecasted demand, we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower profit margins. These events, or others related to inaccurately anticipating demand, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and services may be affected by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and services, or those of our OEM customers in which our products are installed, could be affected by design and manufacturing defects. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in our products and services, and may have limited ability to respond to those impacting our OEM customers. Failure to do so can result, and in the past has resulted in recalls, product replacements or modifications, and may cause reputational harm, and significant warranty and other expenses, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our products malfunction or contain errors or defects, we could also be subject to significant liability for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages. We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance would be sufficient to cover the cost of litigation or damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage may not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the cost of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our products may contain undetected security vulnerabilities, which could result in damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diverted development resources, increased warranty claims, and litigation. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products could expose them to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses and other malicious software programs that could attack our products. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases, or use competing products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 17 Natural disasters, catastrophic events, or climate change and associated requirements and pressures could affect our financial results. Natural disasters and extreme weather events, such as tsunamis, typhoons, floods, wildfires, or earthquakes, could occur in a region where we have a manufacturing or warehousing facility which could cause disruptions in our business operations, loss of inventory, or affect the sale of our products. Global climate change could also result in certain types of these natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity. For descriptions and locations of our principal properties, see Item 2, “Properties”. These events could also have an impact on our suppliers and affect our supply chain, or our customers and affect the demand for our products. If our backup and recovery plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption or if our insurance is not sufficient to recover the costs associated with these types of events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Climate change can also pose a risk to our business due to related regulatory and legislative measures, requirements of our OEM customers or other strategic partners, and evolving societal pressures, including pressures to reduce the carbon footprint of the aviation and marine industries, which could negatively impact the market for our products. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulates greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under the Clean Air Act. U.S. Congress, in addition to other regulatory authorities and legislative bodies around the world, could pass further legislation to mandate greenhouse gas emission reduction, implement cap-and-trade programs, or promote renewable energy and energy efficiency. Such measures could influence mobility and transportation trends, which could decrease the demand for certain of our products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If climate change has impacts on natural disasters, the regulatory environment, or societal pressures as discussed above, it could result in a change in demand for certain products in markets that we serve, including auto, aviation, and marine. If we fail to adjust our product and service offerings to respond to new opportunities driven by changes in regulation and/or consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Because it is uncertain what laws and regulations will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Enactment of additional laws and regulations directed at climate change policy could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on independent dealers and distributors to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. Because we sell many of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for our products. These distribution channel-related risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our sales could be negatively impacted if dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand. Many of our dealers and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our large customers may also seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability through increased promotional programs or other measures, which could have a negative impact on our gross margin. Additionally, the loss of any large customer could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on concentration of credit risk. 18 We may pursue strategic acquisitions, investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify, evaluate, complete, and integrate such transactions. We continually evaluate acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products, or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings, additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any past or future acquisition could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. Due diligence performed prior to closing acquisitions may not uncover certain risks or liabilities that could materially impact our business and financial results. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate business, operational, and financial activities such as internal controls, Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance, cyber security measures, the GDPR and other corporate governance and regulatory matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we may make in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Many of our products rely on satellite systems and networks. Disruption to our use of those satellite systems and networks could harm our business. Many of our products utilize Global Positioning System (GPS) and other global navigation satellite systems (GNSS), which are critical to their functionality. There are risks related to our reliance on GPS and GNSS that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. GPS is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. GPS satellites have a limited lifespan and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate. The U.S. Space Force and Missile Systems Center continue to launch new satellites to replace retired and aged satellites. Despite ongoing efforts to repair, maintain and replace non-operational satellites, if a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable, there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites may impair the current utility of GPS and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. Furthermore, as GPS satellites and ground control segment facilities are being modernized, software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates. GPS is operated by the U.S. Government, which is currently committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however, if the policy were to change, and commercial access to GPS was no longer supported by the U.S. Government, or if user fees or other restrictions were imposed, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Products and services that rely on the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) are vulnerable to external interference, such as jamming and spoofing. Jamming is a deliberate disruption of signals, which prevents a device from determining its location, while spoofing involves transmitting signals that mislead a receiver with a false location. Although jamming and spoofing equipment are typically used in military campaigns, such equipment available commercially can also result in jamming and spoofing. While there are regulations that prohibit the use of jamming and spoofing equipment, if GNSS signals used by our products are disrupted or manipulated it could limit or compromise the location-based features of our products which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 Some of our products also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS) and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS). Some products also use regional satellite systems like the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS), operating as NavIC (Navigation with Indian Constellation) and Quasi-Zenith Satellite System (QZSS). Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby impacting our markets, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our products also use satellite signals from Russia’s GLONASS, the European Union Galileo system, and the Chinese BDS. National or European authorities may provide preferential access to signals to companies associated with their markets, including our competitors, which could harm our competitive position. Use of non-U.S. GNSS signals may also be subject to FCC waiver requirements and to restrictions based upon international trade or geopolitical considerations. If we are unable to develop timely and competitive commercial products using these systems, or obtain timely and equal access to service signals, it could materially adversely affect our business,

=== GRMN_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025. There have been no material changes during the 13-week period ended March 28, 2026 in the risks presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025. These risks, however, are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equi ty Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Share repurchase activity during the 13-week period ended March 28, 2026, summarized on a trade-date basis, was as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) (2) Average Price Paid Per Share (3) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) (2) December 28, 2025 - January 24, 2026 66 $ 206.80 66 $ 41,987 January 25, 2026 - February 21, 2026 80 $ 206.50 80 $ 500,000 February 21, 2026 - March 28, 2026 38 $ 237.03 38 $ 491,111 Total 184 184 (1) The Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program on February 16, 2024 (the “2024 Program”), which was announced on February 21, 2024 and authorized the Company to purchase up to $300 million of its common shares, exclusive of the cost of any associated excise tax. The 2024 Program, which had an expiration date of December 26, 2026, was terminated early on February 19, 2026. Share repurchases could be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under plans complying with the provisions of Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing and volume of share repurchases were subject to market conditions, business conditions and applicable laws, and were at management’s discretion. The 2024 Program did not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares. See Note 9 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to share repurchases. (2) The Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program on February 13, 2026 (the “2026 Program”), which was announced on February 18, 2026. The 2026 Program, which was effective beginning on February 20, 2026 and replaced the 2024 Program, is scheduled to expire on December 30, 2028. The 2026 Program authorizes the Company to purchase up to $500 million of its common shares. Share repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under plans complying with the provisions of Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing and volume of share repurchases are subject to market conditions, business conditions and applicable laws, and are at management’s discretion. The 2026 Program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. See Note 9 – Stockholders’ Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to share repurchases. (3) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases, except for the cost of any associated excise tax. 21 Item 3. Defaults Upo n Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information (a) Amended and Restated Organizational Regulations On April 24, 2026, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Garmin Ltd. adopted amended and restated Organizational Regulations, effective immediately. The amended and restated Organizational Regulations replace the Company’s prior organizational regulations in their entirety. Among other things, the amended and restated Organizational Regulations include updates to align with recent amendments to Swiss corporate law and to streamline governance provisions with respect to the Board and Executive Management. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the amended and restated Organizational Regulations, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. (c) Trading Plans During the 13-week period ended March 28, 2026 , no directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of the Company adopted or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, except as follows: • On March 2, 2026 , Douglas Boessen , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , adopted a new written trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 (c) under the Exchange Act for the potential sale of up to (i) 2,000 shares of our common shares, and (ii) 100% of the net shares (net of tax withholding) resulting from the maximum potential equity awards vesting of 9,624 gross shares of our common shares during the plan period, subject to certain conditions. The first trade date will not occur until June 5, 2026 at the earliest, and the plan's maximum duration is until March 1, 2027 . • On March 3, 2026 , Clifton Pemble , President and Chief Executive Officer , adopted a new written trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 (c) under the Exchange Act for the potential sale of up to (i) 4,029 shares of our common shares, and (ii) 100% of the net shares (net of tax withholding) resulting from the maximum potential equity awards vesting of 47,305 gross shares of our common shares during the plan period, subject to certain conditions. The first trade date will not occur until June 15, 2026 at the earliest, and the plan's maximum duration is until March 2, 2027 . 22 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Association of Garmin Ltd., as amended and restated on June 6, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2025). Exhibit 3.2‡ Organizational Regulations of Garmin Ltd., as amended and restated on April 24, 2026. Exhibit 31.1‡ Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). Exhibit 31.2‡ Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). Exhibit 32.1† Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 32.2† Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 101.INS‡ Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH‡ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents Exhibit 104‡ Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ‡ Filed herewith. † Furnished herewith. 23 SIGNA TURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GARMIN LTD. By /s/ Douglas G. Boessen Douglas G. Boessen Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: April 29, 2026 24 