=== EPAM_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 EPAM Systems, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Fellow Stockholders, On behalf of our Board of Directors, we are pleased to invite you to attend the EPAM Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 21, 2026, at 10:00 am EDT. The Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which follows this letter, includes details for attending the meeting via live audio webcast. We would like to thank you for your continued trust and commitment to EPAM. We were encouraged by our execution throughout 2025, particularly our ability to deliver on the commitments we set at the beginning of the year. Our performance showed a return of momentum, driven largely by growing demand for our AI-native and AI foundational services. We continue to see significant opportunities ahead in this area. Over the past few years, we ve continued to adapt to evolving macroeconomic conditions, while repositioning EPAM for the next phase of growth. We have continued to invest in our AI and AI-native capabilities, while advancing our own transformation into an AI-native company. Throughout 2025, clients turned to EPAM to help them accelerate their AI and AI-native proof-of-concepts and scale these solutions into production environments. As a result, the Company delivered strong growth in AI-native revenues, with consistent double-digit sequential growth each quarter, reflecting both the differentiation and relevance of these new capabilities, as well as the trust our clients place in us. As we outlined at our Investor Day in March 2026, we are executing a clear, differentiated, multi-year strategy centered on helping clients close the gap between AI ambition and real adoption. While AI is unlocking significant productivity gains, it is critically important to realize that it is also expanding the frontier of what enterprises are aiming to achieve. With that, complexity is not decreasing it is increasing, often in ways we are only beginning to understand. We strongly believe this complexity is still widely underestimated, with new requirements emerging across every dimension of the enterprise. In this environment, competitive advantages will belong to those who can navigate the new complexity and turn ambitions into real outcomes. Success will depend on partners who can not only envision what is possible, but also build, scale, and deliver it with the right talent to address this complexity at scale. This is where EPAM is uniquely positioned. Our Engineering DNA and Talent Engine enable us to continuously develop and deploy the next generation of AI-enabled talent. Engineering matters. Talent matters. As we have demonstrated across multiple technological cycles, we know what to build and how to build it. We believe our AI and AI-Native capabilities will put us at the forefront of business change and transformation for years to come. Our board and management team are confident that EPAM can deliver accelerated revenue growth and improved profitability. This confidence is grounded in our engineering heritage, expanding AI and AI-native capabilities, global delivery platform, go-to-market transformation initiatives, strategic investments, and continuous innovation. We are encouraged by the progress we have made throughout the year, and by the opportunities ahead across the near, medium, and long term. Our fundamentals and upward trajectory remain fully intact. As we strengthen our vertical expertise and deepen client relationships, we are well positioned to expand our role as a trusted transformation partner. In conclusion, thank you for your continued support and belief in EPAM s long-term value creation. We look forward to our continued partnership and to this year s Annual Meeting. 2 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Time Date 10:00 a.m. EDT May 21, 2026 Place Live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will be available at https://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EPAM2026. Access You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote, and submit your questions during the live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting by visiting https://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EPAM2026. You will be able to vote and submit questions before the Annual Meeting at www.proxyvote.com by logging in using the 16-digit control number provided with your proxy materials. Record Date The record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting ( Record Date ), or any adjournments or postponements thereof, was the close of business on April 1, 2026. Additional Information Additional information regarding the matters to be acted on at the Annual Meeting is included in the accompanying proxy statement. Proxy Voting PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY THROUGH THE INTERNET; TELEPHONE; OR MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD. Board Recommendation Items of Business 1. To elect four Class II directors to hold office for a one-year term or until their successors are elected and qualified Vote FOR all 2. To approve an amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to enable adoption of a right for stockholders to call a special meeting ( Special Meeting Charter Amendment ) Vote FOR 3. To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 Vote FOR 4. To approve, on an advisory and non-binding basis, the compensation for our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement Vote FOR 5. To approve an amendment to the 2025 EPAM Systems, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares available by 4,000,000 shares (the 2025 LTIP Amendment ) Vote FOR 6. To approve an amendment to the EPAM Systems, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares available by 650,000 shares (the 2021 ESPP Amendment ) Vote FOR 7. To hold an advisory vote on a stockholder proposal to give shareholders an ability to call for a special shareholders meeting, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting Vote AGAINST 8. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. N/A 3 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS By Order of the Board of Directors of EPAM Systems, Inc.: Edward Rockwell Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary April 6, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to Be Held on May 21, 2026. The Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are available at https://www.proxyvote.com. 4 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Contents Executive Summary Voting Guide 7 General Information 8 Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 8 Board of Directors 10 Director Selection Process 10 Stockholder Recommendations Nominations of Director Candidates 11 Board Composition 11 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 20 Corporate Governance 21 A Letter from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 21 Corporate Governance Practices 22 Board Leadership Structure 22 Director Independence 23 Risk Oversight 23 Succession Planning 24 Board Meetings 24 Communications to the Board 24 Stockholder Engagement 25 PROPOSAL 2: APPROVAL OF THE SPECIAL MEETING CHARTER AMENDMENT 26 Code of Ethical Conduct Corporate Governance Guidelines 28 Sustainability Commitment 32 Committees of the Board 29 Our Executive Officers 33 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Management 35 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 36 Certain Relationships Related Transactions 37 Report of the Audit Committee 39 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 40 PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 41 Compensation of Directors 42 Executive Compensation 45 A Letter from the Compensation Committee 45 Compensation Committee Interlocks Insider Participation 46 Compensation Committee Report 46 Compensation Discussion Analysis 46 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 47 Stockholder Engagement and Results of the 2025 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 52 How We Make Compensation Decisions 52 Elements of Executive Compensation 54 Summary Compensation Table 60 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 62 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 63 Options Exercised Stock Vested 66 Potential Payments on Termination and Change of Control 66 PROPOSAL 4: ANNUAL ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 69 2025 Pay Ratio Disclosure 70 Pay Versus Performance 72 PROPOSAL 5: APPROVAL OF THE 2025 LTIP AMENDMENT 75 PROPOSAL 6: APPROVAL OF THE 2021 ESPP AMENDMENT 82 PROPOSAL 7: ADVISORY VOTE ON A STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL TO GIVE SHAREHOLDERS AN ABILITY TO CALL FOR A SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING 87 Householding 89 Questions and Answers About the 2026 Annual Meeting Voting Your Shares 89 5 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Stockholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 95 Other Matters 97 Appendix A: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to Comparable GAAP Measures A-1 Appendix B: Amendment No. 1 to EPAM Systems, Inc. 2025 Long Term Incentive Plan B-1 Appendix C: Amendment No. 1 to EPAM Systems, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan C-1 Appendix D: Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of EPAM Systems, Inc. D-1 Appendix E: Amended and Restated Bylaws of EPAM Systems, Inc. E-1 6 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Summary Voting Guide This summary does not contain all information that stockholders should consider, and we encourage stockholders to read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Proposal Board Recommends: Proposal Page 1 Election of Directors The Board of Directors has nominated each of Balazs Fejes, Eugene Roman, Jill Smart, and Ronald Vargo for election to serve a one-year term as director. Information regarding the skills and qualifications of each nominee begin on page 12 . FOR 20 2 Approval of the Stockholders Right to Call a Special Meeting We are seeking stockholder approval to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to enable adoption of the right of stockholders to call a special meeting. The Board believes that this Special Meeting Charter Amendment will enhance stockholder rights and protect the long term interests of EPAM and its stockholders at the same time. A detailed discussion of the proposed amendment begins on page 26 . FOR 26 3 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP has been appointed by the Audit Committee to be the independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 and the Board is asking stockholders to ratify this appointment. Information regarding fees paid to and services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP can be found on page 40 . FOR 41 4 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation We are asking our stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of certain of our executive officers. Our executive compensation program is designed to motivate, reward and retain our executive team by awarding compensation that emphasizes performance. A detailed discussion of our compensation practices begins on page 45 . FOR 69 5 Approval of an Amendment to the 2025 EPAM Systems, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan We are asking our stockholders to approve an amendment to the 2025 EPAM Systems, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan to add 4,000,000 additional shares to be used in our equity compensation programs. Information about how the 2025 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended, aligns with stockholder interests begins on page 75 . FOR 75 6 Approval of an Amendment to the EPAM Systems, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan We are asking our stockholders to approve an amendment to the EPAM Systems, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to add 650,000 additional shares for purchase by our employees, further aligning the interests of our employees and stockholders. Information about the amendment to our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan begins on page 82 . FOR 82 7 Advisory Vote on a Stockholder Proposal Related to Giving Shareholders an Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting Stockholders will be asked to vote on a stockholder proposal entitled Give Shareholders an Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting if it is properly presented at our Annual Meeting. The Board has considered this stockholder proposal and determined that it is unnecessary in light of our proposal to give stockholders the right to call a special meeting as set forth in Proposal 2. The stockholder proposal and the Board s opposition statement begin on page 87 . AGAINST 87 7 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS General Information The Board of Directors (the Board ) of EPAM Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( we, us, our, Company, or EPAM ), is soliciting proxies to be used at the annual meeting of stockholders of EPAM to be held on Thursday, May 21, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. EDT through a live audio webcast, and any postponement, adjournment or continuation thereof (the Annual Meeting ). This Proxy Statement and the accompanying notice and form of proxy are first being distributed to stockholders on or about April 6, 2026. The Board is requesting that you permit your common stock to be represented at the Annual Meeting by the persons named as proxies for the Annual Meeting. The proxy solicitation materials, including the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, this Proxy Statement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which includes our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ) and the proxy card or voting instruction card (collectively, the Proxy Materials ), are being furnished to the holders of our common stock, par value $.001 per share (the Common Stock ), in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board for use in voting at the Annual Meeting. This Proxy Statement contains important information for you to consider when deciding how to vote on the matters brought before the Annual Meeting. Please read it carefully. Throughout this Proxy Statement you will find links to our website. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement or into our 2025 Annual Report. The Proxy Materials are available at https://www.proxyvote.com on or about April 6, 2026 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials As permitted by the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we are making the Proxy Materials available to our stockholders primarily electronically via the Internet rather than mailing printed copies of these materials to each stockholder. We believe that this process expedites stockholders receipt of the Proxy Materials, lowers the costs incurred by EPAM for the Annual Meeting and helps to conserve natural resources. On or about April 6, 2026, we mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) in the form of a mailing titled Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials. The Notice contains instructions on how to access the Proxy Materials, and how to vote on the Internet. If you received the Notice by mail, you will not receive a printed copy of the Proxy Materials unless you request a printed copy, currently or on an ongoing basis. If you received a Notice by mail and would like to receive a paper or email copy of the Proxy Materials, follow the instructions on the Notice. Stockholders who requested paper copies of the Proxy Materials or previously elected electronic receipt did not receive a Notice and will receive the Proxy Materials in the format requested. 8 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS 9 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board of Directors Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Board will consist of no fewer than three and no more than 11 persons and that the exact number of members of the Board will be determined from time to time by resolution of a majority of our entire Board. The Board currently consists of 11 members. In response to a stockholder proposal in 2024 and strong stockholder support for our declassification proposal in 2025, we amended our Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board. We are phasing in the declassification of our Board over the next three years. The Class II directors up for election at the Annual Meeting will be elected for one-year terms for the remainder of their tenure on our Board. Directors that are up for election after completing the remainder of the three-year terms for which they were elected will be nominated for one-year terms. At the 2028 and subsequent annual meetings, all directors will be nominated for election for one-year terms that expire at the next annual meeting. Director Selection Process The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends to the Board the directors to stand as nominees for election at the annual meeting of stockholders and makes recommendations to the Board for appointment of a director to fill any vacancy or expansion of the Board. The Committee evaluates the composition of the Board and its committees at each regular meeting, and considers the individual and aggregate characteristics, professional backgrounds, and areas of expertise with the goal of a well-balanced and effective Board. All of our directors and director candidates must possess integrity and high ethical standards, excellent business judgment, and be willing to commit appropriate time and effort to service on the Board.The Committee reviews feedback from the most recent Board and committee evaluations in assessing the makeup of the Board, its committees, and future needs. The Committee assesses the appropriate size of the Board from time to time and considers new director candidates for potential expansion of the Board or to fill any vacancies. Candidates may come to the attention of the Committee through current Board members, professional search firms engaged by the Committee, stockholders, members of management, or others. The Committee reviews recommendations, evaluates biographical information and considers background checks and material relating to potential candidates and, as appropriate, interviews selected candidates. A candidate may meet with our management as appropriate. These candidates may be evaluated at meetings of the Committee and may be considered at any point during the year. Corporate Governance Guidelines: Director Selection At this time, neither the Board nor the Committee has established any minimum qualifications or skills for directors, however they will apply the criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Several criteria are considered by the Committe and the Board when evaluating candidates for director, including a nominee s: Judgment Diversity Personal integrity Skills Actual or potential conflicts of interest Knowledge of our business and industry Independence Background and experience Experience in various geographies Other board commitments Risk oversight experience and strategy Ability to address the needs of the Board and its committees Financial literacy and expertise Ability to devote time and attention to the Board and its committees 10 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS There are no specific criteria or weights that the Committee uses to evaluate potential nominees, and not every criterion may be relevant or required for a given nominee. We think that the directors should have a range of backgrounds and qualifications that enable the Board to perform its duties. The Board values diversity and has included diversity as a consideration for director candidates in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Upon recommendation of the Committee, the Board has nominated the four director nominees identified below for election as Class II directors at the Annual Meeting for a one-year term. The director nominees set forth below have consented to being named in this Proxy Statement as nominees and have agreed to serve as directors if elected. Stockholders are not entitled to cumulate votes in the election of directors and may not vote for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. Stockholder Recommendations Nominations of Director Candidates The Committee utilizes a variety of methods to identify and evaluate director nominees, including nominees recommended by stockholders. Our Bylaws permit stockholders to nominate directors for consideration at our annual stockholder meeting. If any materials are provided by a stockholder in connection with the nomination of a director candidate, such materials are forwarded to the Committee. The Committee s policy is to consider stockholder nominations using the same process and criteria as all other director candidates. In evaluating all director nominations, the Committee seeks to balance an individual s knowledge, experience, capabilities, and compliance with the membership criteria established by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Committee. Our Bylaws also provide for proxy access stockholder nominations of director candidates by eligible stockholders. Appropriately nominated proxy access candidates will be included in the Company s proxy statement and ballot. A stockholder who wishes to formally nominate a candidate, whether for inclusion in our proxy statement or not, must follow the procedures described in our bylaws, which are summarized in this Proxy Statement under the heading Stockholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting. A stockholder who wishes to suggest a director candidate for consideration should send the candidate s name and qualifications to our Corporate Secretary using the contact information that can be found in this Proxy Statement under the heading Communications to the Board. Board Composition Our Board is comprised of active and engaged experts in fields related to EPAM s business, from a variety of professional backgrounds. Moreover, our Board believes that a diverse representation of characteristics broadens our Board s views on issues that matter to our people, customers, and other stakeholders. The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills, and attributes in up to five areas of focused expertise that each director possesses. Many of our directors have more than five of these qualifications, however. The table below also summarizes the diversity and experience of our Board. Our Board and the Committee believe that the overall mix of professional qualifications, diverse backgrounds and viewpoints, and experience of our directors fosters effective oversight of the business and its management. In addition to these varied qualifications and expertise areas, our Board believes every member should possess high integrity, an understanding of our business, and a commitment to EPAM s principles and creation of stockholder value. 11 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Key Qualifications Dobkin Mayoras Aguirre Fejes McMahon Robb Roman Segert Shan Smart Vargo Financial Leadership Global Business Human Capital Technology Innovation Mergers Aquisitions Sales Marketing Public Company Board Board Diversity Experience Dobkin Mayoras Aguirre Fejes McMahon Robb Roman Segert Shan Smart Vargo Gender Male Male Female Male Female Male Male Male Female Female Male Ethnic Geographic Information Born outside US Born outside US Born outside US Born outside US Asian Tenure (Years) 23 13 3 1 3 22 6 14 7 10 14 Key Qualification Definitions Financial Experience with complex financial management, financial reporting, and strategic capital allocation Leadership Demonstrated executive leadership, including delivering operating results and long-term growth Global Business Experience in business enterprises in global markets, including understanding geopolitical, cultural, operational, regulatory, and other relevant aspects Human Capital Experience ensuring the organization has the talent (human capital) that it needs to deliver on its stated mission and outcomes by defining the talent needs, creating an inclusive and values-driven culture, and creating a value proposition to attract, develop and retain talent in competitive markets Technology Innovation Experience in relevant technology; understanding of technology trends; ability to anticipate and plan for new business models Mergers Aquisitions Experience leading inorganic growth through acquisitions, including understanding of valuation, synergy planning, and operational integration execution Sales Marketing Experience growing sales, branding, and developing market awareness Public Company Board Current or recent service as a member of a public company board of directors (other than EPAM) 12 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board includes directors that have served a range of tenures to allow for institutional knowledge and continuity, balanced with diversity and refreshed perspectives. The graphics below summarizes the age, tenure, other characteristics, and committee leadership of the Board. Biographical information concerning the nominees and the current directors of the Board whose terms will continue after the Annual Meeting appears below. Ages are as of April 6, 2026. Board Committees Name Age Position Director Since Class AC* NGC* CC* Term Ends Arkadiy Dobkin 65 Executive Chair and Chair of the Board 2002 III 2027 Richard Michael Mayoras 63 Lead Independent Director 2013 I Member 2028 DeAnne Aguirre 65 Independent Director 2023 III Member Member 2027 Balazs Fejes 50 President, CEO and Director 2025 II 2026 Chandra McMahon 59 Independent Director 2023 III Member Member 2027 Karl Robb 63 Independent Director 2004 I 2028 Eugene Roman 68 Independent Director 2020 II Member Member 2026 Robert E. Segert 57 Independent Director 2012 III Member 2027 Helen Shan 58 Independent Director 2018 I Chair Member 2028 Jill Smart 66 Independent Director 2016 II Member Chair 2026 Ronald Vargo 72 Independent Director 2012 II Member Chair 2026 *AC = Audit Committee; NGC = Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; CC = Compensation Committee 13 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominees Class II Directors with Terms Expiring at the Annual Meeting in 2026 The Board nominees possess specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Nominating and Governance Committee to the conclusion that such persons should serve as directors of EPAM, in light of our business and structure. Balazs Fejes Age: 51 Director Since: 2025 Birthplace: Hungary Key Qualifications: Leadership, Global Business, Technology Innovation, Mergers Acquisitions, Sales Marketing Our Board believes Mr. Fejes is qualified to serve as a director based on 20-plus years with EPAM in increasingly senior roles in client engagement, sales, business operations, and delivery and his prior experience as an information technology professional and founder, which gives him the ability to provide valuable understanding of operational, management, and strategic issues as well as industry developments. Career Highlights EPAM Systems, Inc. President of Global Business and Chief Revenue Officer (2021 2025) EVP, Co-Head of Global Business (2015 2021) SVP, Global Head of Banking and Financial Services (2012 2015) Chief Technology Officer (2004 2012) Fathom Technology Kft. Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer (2001 2004) Board Roles Committees None Other Public Company Boards None 14 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Eugene Roman Age: 68 Director Since: 2020 Birthplace: Canada Independent Director Key Qualifications: Financial, Leadership, Global Business, Technology Innovation, Mergers Aquisitions Our Board believes that Mr. Roman s more than 35 years of experience as an information technology and telecommunications executive in the retail and business services industries and his financial background provide him with the necessary skills to serve as a member of our Board and enable him to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding technology, financial, and strategic issues. Career Highlights Design AI Ltd. Principal (2019 Present) Metrolinx Chief Information Officer (2020-2021) Canadian Tire Corporation Executive Vice President (2012 2018) Nortel Networks Corporation, Bell Canada Enterprises Inc., and Open Text Corporation Progressively senior business and technology roles Board Roles Committees Member Audit Committee and Cybersecurity Subcommittee Member Compensation Committee Select Professional Community Contributions Lakeland Holding Ltd. Director MetricAid, Ltd. Director Other Public Company Boards None Jill Smart Age: 66 Director Since: 2016 Birthplace: USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Leadership, Global Business, Human Capital, Public Company Board Our Board believes Ms. Smart s industry experience, more than 20 years of consulting experience, and more than 20 years of human resources leadership experience, enable her to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding human capital, executive compensation, and strategy. Career Highlights National Academy of Human Resources President Emeritus (2023 2024) President (2015 2023) JBSmart Consulting, LLC Founder and CEO (2021 Present) Accenture Chief Human Resources Officer (2004-2014) Various positions of increasing authority (1981 2004) Board Roles Committees Chair Compensation Committee Member Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Select Professional Community Contributions AlixPartners Director Cerity Partners Advisory Board Member Certree Advisory Board Member Goodman Theater Trustee Other Public Company Boards Past Five Years - HireRight Holdings Corporation and World Kinect Corporation 15 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Ronald Vargo Age: 72 Director Since: 2012 Birthplace: USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Financial, Leadership, Global Business, Mergers Acquisitions, Public Company Board Our Board believes Mr. Vargo s 30-plus years of experience as a financial and business executive, and his experience serving as a member of the board of directors of other public companies, provide him with the necessary skills to serve as a member of our Board and enable him to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding strategic, financial, compliance and investor relations issues. Career Highlights ICF International, Inc. Executive Vice President and CFO (2010 2011) Electronic Data Systems Corporation Executive Vice President and CFO (2006 2008) Vice President and Treasurer (2004 2006) TRW, Inc. Vice President (1991 2003) Investor Relations and Treasurer (1991 1994, 1999 2002) Strategic Planning and Business Development (1999 2002) Board Roles Committees Chair Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Member Audit Committee Other Public Company Boards Current Enersys Past Five Years Ferro Corporation Continuing Directors Class III with Terms Expiring at the Annual Meeting in 2027 DeAnne Aguirre Age: 65 Director Since: 2023 Birthplace: USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Leadership, Global Business, Technology Innovation, Sales Marketing, Public Company Board Our board believes Ms. Aguirre is qualified to serve as a director based on more than 30 years of experience in leadership roles in the global strategy and technology consulting industry along with her experience as a member of both public and private company boards and their committees. Career Highlights PricewaterhouseCoopers Managing Partner (2015 2020) North America Strategy Business Health Strategy Business Global Leader Katzenbach Center Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc./ Booz Co. Global and Regional Leadership Positions (1996 2015) Global Co-Leader Organization Strategic Leadership Business Technology Leader Southern Cone Global Chief Human Resources Officer Board Roles Committees Member Audit Committee Member Compensation Committee Select Professional Community Contributions Cisive Director Other Public Company Boards Hercules Capital, Inc. 16 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Arkadiy Dobkin Age: 65 Director Since: 2002 Birthplace: Belarus Key Qualifications: Leadership, Global Business, Human Capital, Technology Innovation, Mergers Acquisitions Our Board believes Mr. Dobkin s experience as an IT professional and executive in the IT services industry coupled with his in-depth understanding of our global delivery model provide him with the necessary skills to serve as a member of our Board and will enable him to provide valuable insight to the Board and our management team regarding operational, strategic and management issues as well as general industry trends. Career Highlights EPAM Systems, Inc. Co-Founder (1993 Present) Chair and CEO (2002 2025) Executive Chair (2025 - Present) Board Roles Committees Chair of the Board Select Professional Community Contributions GLOBSEC Tatra Summit Business Leadership Award, 2021 Ernst Young World Entrepreneur of the Year Academy (Inducted 2015) Other Public Company Boards None Chandra McMahon Age: 59 Director Since: 2023 Birthplace: USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Financial, Leadership, Global Business, Technology Innovation Our Board believes Ms. McMahon is qualified to serve as a director based on her breadth of experience in cybersecurity, information technology solutions, and enterprise resiliency and her executive leadership roles in the health, telecommunications, and defense industries, which enable her to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding information security and business strategy issues. Career Highlights CVS Health Senior Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (2020 2024) Verizon Communications Senior Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (2015 2020) Lockheed Martin Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer Vice President of Commercial Markets President of Corporate Properties Board Roles Committees Member Audit Committee and Cybersecurity Subcommittee Member Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Public Company Boards None 17 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Robert E. Segert Age: 57 Director Since: 2012 Birthplace: USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Financial, Leadership, Human Capital, Technology Innovation, Mergers Acquisitions Our Board believes Mr. Segert s 20-plus years of experience as an executive in the software, business services, and consulting industry provide him with the necessary skills to serve as a member of our Board and enable him to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding financial and investor relations issues. Career Highlights athenahealth, Inc. Chairman and CEO (2019 Present) Virence Health Technologies Chairman and CEO (2018 2019) Aspect Software Executive Chairman (2016 2018) Expert Global Solutions, Inc. President and CEO (2014 2016) GXS Worldwide, Inc. President and CEO (2008 2014) Board Roles Committees Member Compensation Committee Other Public Company Boards None Class I with Terms Expiring at the Annual Meeting in 2028 Richard Michael Mayoras Age: 63 Director Since: 2013 Birthplace: USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Financial, Leadership, Human Capital, Technology Innovation, Sales Marketing Our Board believes that Mr. Mayoras is qualified to serve as a director based on his prior executive leadership roles in the IT services industry and his experience and prior service as a member of the boards of directors of technology companies, which enable him to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding financial and business strategy issues. Career Highlights OnSolve, LLC Executive Chairman (2018 2024) RedPrairie Corporation President and CEO (2007 2013) Various executive roles (2004 2007) DigiTerra, Inc. President (2001 2004) Board Roles Committees Lead Independent Director Member Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Select Professional Community Contributions Softeon Inc. Director Momentive Software, Inc. Executive Chair Other Public Company Boards None 18 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Karl Robb Age: 63 Director Since: 2004 Birthplace: United Kingdom Independent Director Key Qualifications: Leadership, Global Business, Technology Innovation, Sales Marketing, Public Company Board Our Board believes that Mr. Robb s extensive experience in and knowledge of the IT services industry in North America and Europe, as well as his experience starting two software companies and his extensive service and responsibilities at EPAM prior to his retirement, provide him with the necessary skills to serve as a member of our Board. Our Board also believes this background enables Mr. Robb to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding strategy, business development, sales, operational and management issues, and general industry trends. Career Highlights EPAM Systems, Inc. Executive Vice President and President of EU Operations (2004 2015) Fathom Technology Kft. CEO and Founder (2001 2004) Board Roles Committees None Select Professional Community Contributions Ajax Systems Director Spectral IP, Inc. Director Noventiq Holdings plc Chairman Other Public Company Boards Noventiq Holdings plc Helen Shan Age: 58 Director Since: 2018 Birthplace : USA Independent Director Key Qualifications: Financial, Leadership, Global Business, Mergers Aquisitions, Sales Marketing Our Board believes Ms. Shan s financial management expertise, as well as her previous experience in global strategy development and execution, provide her with the necessary skills to serve as a member of our Board and enable her to contribute valuable insight regarding financial and strategic business issues. Career Highlights FactSet Research Systems Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2018 2021; 2024 - Present) Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer (2021 2024) Mercer Chief Financial Officer (2014 2018) Marsh McLennan Companies Vice President and Treasurer (2013 2014) Board Roles Committees Chair Audit Committee Member Compensation Committee Select Professional Community Contributions S.C. Johnson College of Business, Cornell University Member of Johnson Advisory Council Other Public Company Boards None 19 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1: Election of Directors We are soliciting proxies in favor of the election of the four director nominees identified below. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy holders will vote the proxies received by them FOR the director nominees named below to serve for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. If any nominee is unable or declines to serve as director at the time of the Annual Meeting, an event that we do not currently anticipate, proxies will be voted for any nominee designated by the Board to fill the vacancy or the Board may reduce its size. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board has no reason to believe that any person named below will be unable or unwilling to serve as a nominee or as a director, if elected. Directors Upon recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board has nominated each of Balazs Fejes, Eugene Roman, Jill Smart, and Ronald Vargo for election as Class II directors at the Annual Meeting. Each of these directors will hold office until the annual meeting of stockholders in 2027, or until their respective successors have been elected and qualified, subject to their earlier resignation, death, or removal. The director nominees have consented to being named in this Proxy Statement as nominees for election as director and have agreed to serve as directors if elected. Please see the discussion under Board of Directors in this Proxy Statement for information concerning each of our nominees for director. Vote Required Directors are elected by a majority of the votes of the shares of our Common Stock cast with respect to that nominee's election at the Annual Meeting if a quorum is present. As prescribed by our Bylaws, in the event that one or more Directors does not receive a majority of votes cast FOR his or her election at the Annual Meeting, each such director shall immediately tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board shall act, taking into account the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision by releasing a press release and filing appropriate disclosure with the SEC within 90 days following certification of the election results. Recommendation The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the director nominees as Class II directors. 20 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance A Letter from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 2025 marked a year when EPAM took significant steps to fortify our corporate governance framework, engaging with and listening to our stockholders to improve the alignment of our collective interests. Based on feedback from our stockholders, including our maturing stockholder engagement program and voting results, in 2025 the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversaw both declassification of our Board and elimination of supermajority voting requirements in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. At the 2025 annual meeting, you overwhelmingly voted for our proposals to eliminate supermajority voting from our Certificate of Incorporation over a stockholder proposal seeking a similar change. Thank you for your support. The majority voting standard that you approved becomes immediately relevant at this year s Annual Meeting. We are again asking for a majority of you to vote to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to enable adoption of a right for stockholders to call a special meeting, again over a competing stockholder proposal. Specifically, we are asking for your vote on a proposal to provide our stockholders with the right to request a special meeting of stockholders if an aggregate of 25% of the stockholders so wish, and subject to certain procedural and information requirements. The competing stockholder proposal seeks a similar right, but at a 10% threshold, which is substantially lower than the predominate corporate governance practices indicate, and risks increased spending on meetings to address issues that are potentially relevant to only a select few stockholders. Our reasons for supporting our 25% special meeting threshold can be found in Proposal 2 on page 26 of this Proxy Statement while our statement opposing the competing stockholder proposal can be found on page 87 of this Proxy Statement. We have a robust stockholder engagement program because engaging with, listening to, and considering the opinions of our investors enhances the long-term success of EPAM. In addition to seeking the views of our stockholders on the proposals in this Proxy Statement, the Committee also welcomed the opportunity to discuss the extensive and wide-ranging expertise of our Board members, including the four Directors nominated for election at this meeting. Balazs Fejes, our President and CEO, was appointed in September 2025 as part of a deliberate and intensive succession planning process, and is up for election as a director of EPAM. In addition, Eugene Roman, Jill Smart, and Ronald Vargo are all also nominated for election at the Annual Meeting and bring a wealth of experience in AI, cybersecurity, human capital, financial, and global business leadership to our boardroom. More information about the directors standing for election this year can be found starting on page 12 of this Proxy Statement. The Committee annually evaluates the Board formally and informally and, in making decisions on the Board s membership, gauges the Board, its committees, and its members understanding of board composition and conduct; meeting structure and materials; committee composition; strategic planning and oversight; succession planning; culture; and other relevant topics and skills. We also use the evaluation process to assess the effectiveness of our director education program so we can build engagement and provide interesting programs each year. The formal evaluation process, designed to continually assess Board effectiveness, focuses on our annual written assessment so that we can consistently compare results from year to year. In addition to the formal evaluations, we also conduct individual interviews and group discussions with and among the Committee from time to time, which permits an opportunity to develop context and explore specific areas of feedback. As always, we value the input of our stockholders and encourage you to communicate thoughts or concerns with us. See page 24 of this Proxy Statement for information on how stockholders can communicate with directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Ronald Vargo, Chair Richard Michael Mayoras Chandra McMahon Jill Smart 21 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Practices Our corporate governance practices cultivate and support our long-term organizational achievements. Our Board brings a mix of backgrounds, experience, and other factors that are essential to strong oversight. The Board is responsible for directing and overseeing our business and affairs. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Board selects and monitors our top management, provides oversight of our financial reporting processes and determines and implements our corporate governance policies. The Board and management are committed to good corporate governance to ensure that we are managed for the long-term benefit of our stockholders, and we have a variety of policies and procedures to promote such goals. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS Nine of the Board s 11 directors are independent The Board annually elects a Lead Independent Director Each of the Board s Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees consist of only independent directors The independent directors regularly schedule and hold executive sessions The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducts annual Board and committee evaluations The Say-On-Pay advisory vote is conducted annually Our bylaws provide for majority voting with a resignation policy for directors in uncontested elections and provide proxy access rights for stockholders We do not have a shareholder rights, or poison pill, plan Our stock ownership guidelines are applicable to both executives and directors and include a mandatory holding of 100% of net shares for our CEO and non-employee directors and 50% of net shares for all other executive officers, until compliance is met We have eliminated all supermajority voting provisions from our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We are phasing in declassification of our Board through 2028 Board Leadership Structure The Board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership structure to provide independent oversight of management. The Board understands that the optimal Board leadership structure may vary as circumstances warrant. Consistent with this understanding, our independent directors consider the Board s leadership structure on an annual basis. As a result of the Board s succession planning, Balazs Fejes became EPAM s President and CEO and Arkadiy Dobkin assumed the role of Executive Chair, both effective as of September 1, 2025. This planned leadership transition separated the roles of Chair and CEO, which were previously both held by our co-founder, Mr. Dobkin. Consistent with its belief that it is important to retain flexibility to allocate the responsibilities of the Chair and the CEO in a way that is in EPAM s best interests at a given point in time, the Board views the separation of the roles as the optimal structure for EPAM s current needs because it provides the Board with the leadership of a highly experienced director while allowing our CEO to focus on executing EPAM s strategy and long-term business goals. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board will continue to reevaluate EPAM s leadership structure regularly. The Board believes that Mr. Dobkin is best suited to serve as Executive Chair because, as our co-founder, he is the director most familiar with our business and industry and can lead the Board in identifying and prioritizing our strategies and initiatives. Further maintaining continuity in Board leadership, the Board re-elected independent director Richard Michael Mayoras as Lead Independent Director for 2025. The Board first appointed Mr. Mayoras as Lead Independent Director in 2024. The Lead Independent Director Charter establishes a defined set of responsibilities, including Board leadership, ensuring the Board functions independently of management and other non-independent directors, presiding over executive sessions of independent directors, liaising with the Executive Chair, and facilitating distribution of information to the Board and its committees. Annually, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends to the Board a candidate to fill this position, selected from among the independent members of the Board. The Board considers this recommendation and elects the Lead Independent Director. We believe this current leadership structure is effective. Our independent directors, Executive Chair, and CEO and management have different perspectives and roles in business and strategy development. Our independent directors bring experience, oversight and expertise from outside EPAM and both from within and outside our industry. 22 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Independence Director independence is a key component of our governance standards, enabling the Board to be objective in fulfilling its responsibilities. Our Board has determined that, except for our Executive Chair, Arkadiy Dobkin, and our CEO, Balazs Fejes, all directors are independent in accordance with the listing standards of NYSE and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. In making its determinations about the independence of each Board member, the Board considered, among other things, all transactions and relationships between each director or any member of his or her immediate family and EPAM and its subsidiaries and affiliates. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers, directors, or nominees for director. Only independent directors serve on EPAM s committees. The compensation consultant retained by the Compensation Committee is independent of the Company and management. At each regular meeting of the Board and each Committee, time is allocated for executive session, in which the Board or the committee meets without management present. Risk Oversight The Board is responsible for oversight of EPAM s risk management practices while management is responsible for the day-to-day risk management processes. The Board receives and provides regular feedback through periodic reports from management regarding the most significant risks we face and also receives reports from its committees on specific risk areas at each quarterly meeting. We believe this risk oversight structure complements our current Board leadership structure of having an Executive Chair and a Lead Independent Director and each of the committees of the Board being comprised solely of independent directors. The Board exercises its oversight directly over areas of strategic importance not specifically delegated to a committee. The Board has responsibility for overseeing our enterprise risk management (ERM) program and exercises this oversight responsibility by assigning specific areas of responsibility to committees based on areas of expertise and charter scope, and receiving regular briefings and information from management and other experts on the types of risks we face. The Board and the committees assess whether management has appropriate risk management frameworks and whether the developed frameworks are operating effectively. Our robust ERM program involves a cross- functional team to identify and prioritize the mitigation of risks facing the Company and is also supported by the regular work of our internal audit, compliance, and legal functions at EPAM. In addition, the Board, the committees and management regularly engage on issues of strategic importance which include interrelated risks. With this oversight framework, our management team has built and continuously improves our culture of risk awareness so EPAM operates at an appropriate level of risk when executing our business objectives. The specific areas of risk oversight for which the Board and each committee are responsible are summarized in this graphic: 23 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The additional responsibilities of the Board s Committees, the members of each committee and the number of meetings held in 2025, and additional information about the charter of each committee can be found later in this Proxy Statement under the heading Committees of the Board. Succession Planning As set out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, one of the primary responsibilities of the Board is to plan for CEO succession and monitor management s succession planning for other senior executives. The Compensation Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing our management succession planning and reporting to the Board on our succession planning including procedures and recommendations of successors in the event of an unexpected emergency or incapacitation. Balazs Fejes assumed the role of CEO and joined the Board as the result of a deliberate and thoughtful succession planning process. Mr. Fejes is an exceptional leader who brings deep expertise across EPAM s businesses, having served in a number of key management roles, including as President of Global Business and Chief Revenue Officer, Executive Vice President and Co-Head of Global Business, Senior Vice President and Global Head of Banking and Financial Services, and as Chief Technology Officer. The Board s goal is to have a long-term and continuing program for effective senior leadership development and succession, as well as short-term plans in the event needed for emergency or other contingencies. To facilitate this, succession planning is a regular item on the Board and Compensation Committee agendas throughout the year. Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, and the Board and our executive team is focused on development of internal talent and succession planning. The Board has the opportunity to meet with senior management of various levels and functions within EPAM throughout the year, both through formal Board meetings and events and informal opportunities. This allows our Board members to better understand the longer-term succession planning goals and development of management for future growth. Board Meetings The Board held 10 meetings in 2025. Each of our directors attended at least 75% of the total number of all meetings of the Board and committees on which the director served that were held during 2025. Directors are expected to attend the meetings of the Board and of any committees on which the director serves and are encouraged, but not required, to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All of our directors attended our annual meeting of stockholders in 2025. Communications to the Board Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with our Lead Independent Director or our independent directors as a group by sending a written communication in an envelope addressed to: Board of Directors, Attention: Lead Independent Director, c/o Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at 41 University Drive, Suite 202, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940. Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with the full Board by sending a written communication in an envelope addressed to: Board of Directors, c/o Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at 41 University Drive, Suite 202, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940. Our Audit Committee has established an anonymous, confidential process for communicating complaints regarding accounting or auditing matters or other matters that may violate EPAM s Code of Ethical Conduct. In order to submit a complaint, you may call our hotline at the dedicated local phone number found at ethics.epam.com (+1 866 786-9137 in the U.S.) or submit a written report at the EthicsLine webpage at ethics.epam.com. Any such complaints received or submitted are reviewed with the Audit Committee in accordance with a standard escalation protocol to take such action as may be appropriate. 24 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Stockholder Engagement We continue to believe that engagement with both active and passive stockholders remains an important component of EPAM s long-term value proposition. Building upon the launch of our Stockholder Outreach Program in 2024, we advanced this program in 2025, continuing to engage with several stewardship teams to provide an update of what we have been focusing on throughout the year, including EPAM s corporate governance, along with actions we have taken over the past year, our CEO succession, executive compensation, and the Board s oversight of management. We will continue this annual outreach program as part of our ongoing efforts to gather feedback and incorporate stockholder perspectives into our governance decisions and practices. Engagement Approach We remain highly engaged across the investment community. We interact through multiple channels which include quarterly earnings calls, video conferences, live meetings, virtual calls, investor conferences, and other marketing events. Through our active and collective engagement across channels, we continuously seek input from our stockholders about corporate governance topics as well as our overall business strategy. Similar to last year Stockholder Outreach Program this year was led by the Chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Ronald Vargo, and by Helen Shan, Chair of the Audit Committee. Ms. Shan also serves as a member of the Compensation Committee and Mr. Vargo is also a member of the Audit Committee. Accompanying our Board members in each discussion were Edward Rockwell, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, and Mike Rowshandel, Head of Investor Relations. 25 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2: Approval of the Special Meeting Charter Amendment Background of the Special Meeting Charter Amendment Article 7 of our Certificate of Incorporation does not currently permit our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders, instead reserving that right to our Board. We received a stockholder proposal requesting that EPAM adopt the ability for stockholders holding 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock to call special meetings of stockholders (Proposal 7). After considering the stockholder proposal and as part of our continuing progress to enhance our corporate governance practices, the Board has, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, approved and declared advisable and in the best interests of the Company, and recommends that our stockholders adopt, an amendment to Article 7 of our Certificate of Incorporation that would enable the adoption of stockholders right to call special meetings (the Special Meeting Charter Amendment ). The full text of the Certificate of Incorporation, marked to show the additions and deletions that will be made to implement the Special Meeting Charter Amendment and assuming approval of this Proposal 2 and rejection of Proposal 7, is set forth in Appendix D to this Proxy Statement. Contingent upon the approval and adoption of the Special Meeting Charter Amendment, the Board will adopt amendments to our Bylaws (the Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment ) to give stockholders who own 25% or more of the voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote, the ability to request that our Corporate Secretary call a special meeting of stockholders, so long as they comply with the requirements set forth in the Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment, as set forth in Appendix E to this Proxy Statement. Reasons for and Effect of the Special Meeting Amendment Our stockholders do not have the right to request that EPAM call a special meeting of stockholders. That right is currently reserved for the Board, but we recognize that providing stockholders with the right to call a special meeting would reinforce the Board s accountability to stockholders and demonstrate the Board s commitment to continued strong corporate governance practices. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considered reasons for and against providing stockholders with the right to request a special meeting, stockholder feedback, trends and market practices in corporate governance among other members of the S P 500, and the stockholder proposal regarding special meeting rights, which our Board recommends voting against, as further detailed under the heading Board s Recommendation and Statement In Response to Stockholder Proposal in Proposal 7 (page 87 ). The Board believes that the proposed Special Meeting Charter Amendment, together with the anticipated Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment, enhances stockholder rights while protecting the long-term interests of both EPAM and its stockholders. While the stockholder proposal requests that stockholders who own 10% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock have the right to call special meetings, the Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Company to require stockholders to own at least 25% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote. The Board believes that this threshold prevents the risk that a small number of stockholders could call special meetings without the support of a meaningful portion of our stockholders and yet impose substantial costs for EPAM and distraction for management and stockholders alike. Special meetings involve significant time and expense for the Board, our management and our stockholders, and the proposed 25% threshold would prevent the need to convene a special meeting for unduly narrow issues, and instead would ensure that special meetings are called for matters deemed critical by a substantial portion of our stockholders. The Board s more fulsome response to the stockholder proposal can be found in Proposal 7, beginning on page 87 . 26 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment requires stockholders seeking to exercise the right to request that EPAM call a special meeting to satisfy certain information, procedural and other requirements set forth therein, including the following: Stockholders who own at least 25% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at the special meeting may request that the Secretary call a special meeting of stockholders. (Section 2.03(a)); Only the possession of both the full voting and investment rights and the full economic interest for the shares counts as relevant ownership. (Section 2.03(b)); Stockholders requesting a special meeting must furnish, among other items, information that is the same as would be required when stockholders seek to nominate a candidate for director or propose other business to be brought before a meeting of stockholders under the Bylaws. (Section 2.03(b)); The Company will not be required to call a special meeting of stockholders if the special meeting request (i) does not comply with the Bylaws related to special meetings; (ii) relates to an item of business that is not a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware corporate law; (iii) is received during specified time periods; (iv) relates to an item of business that is identical or substantially similar to any item of business that was previously presented or will be presented at a stockholder meeting, subject to certain specifications; or (v) violates Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. (Article 2, Section 2.03(c)). The Board believes these requirements are comparable to those commonly adopted by other similarly situated companies and are important to avoid inappropriate, duplicative and/or unnecessary special meetings. In light of these considerations, the Board has, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, approved and declared advisable and in the best interests of the Company, and recommends that our stockholders adopt, the Special Meeting Charter Amendment. Contingent upon the approval and adoption of the Special Meeting Charter Amendment, the Board will adopt the Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment. The above descriptions of the Special Meeting Charter Amendment and the Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment are qualified in their entirety by the actual text of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws as amended in anticipation of approval of this Proposal 2, which are set forth in Appendix D and in Appendix E, respectively, with deletions indicated by strikeouts, additions indicated by underlining, and which also assumes rejection of Proposal 7. Vote Required The approval of this Special Meeting Charter Amendment requires the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the total voting power of all the outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. If our stockholders approve this proposal, the Company will file with the Delaware Secretary of State an amended and restated certificate of incorporation that includes the amendments corresponding to this proposal, which will become effective upon filing, and our Board will adopt the Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment. This Proposal 2 is independent of any other proposal in this Proxy Statement and the approval of this proposal is not conditioned on the approval of any other proposal. Our Board retains the discretion to abandon the Special Meeting Charter Amendment and the Special Meeting Bylaws Amendment and not implement them at any time before they become effective. 27 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Code of Ethical Conduct Corporate Governance Guidelines EPAM has a Code of Ethical Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers and other employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Our Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for maintaining an effective ethics and compliance program and provides updates to our ethics and compliance programs to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board. The foundational principles in our Code of Ethical Conduct and our core values mean that we strive for excellence and do the right things in the right way by: Respect, value and support people Behave with integrity in all communications, records and business activities Protect and enhance EPAM s information and assets Comply with laws The Code of Ethical Conduct is approved and reviewed annually by the Board. Any amendments (other than technical, administrative or non-substantive amendments) to, and any waivers from a provision of the Code of Ethical Conduct for directors and officers must be approved by the Board and will be promptly disclosed to our stockholders. The Board has also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines in accordance with NYSE corporate governance rules that serve as a flexible framework within which our Board and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including: The size and composition of the Board; Board membership criteria and director qualifications; Board diversity; director responsibilities; director overboarding; Board agendas; roles of the Chair and Lead Independent Director; meetings of independent directors; committee responsibilities and assignments; Board member access to management and independent advisors; director communications with third parties; director compensation; director orientation and continuing education; and evaluation and succession planning for senior management. Our Code of Ethical Conduct and our Corporate Governance Guidelines are publicly available through the Investor Relations Leadership Governance section of our website at http://investors.epam.com/leadership-and-governance. 28 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Committees of the Board The Board assigns responsibilities to committees in order to focus on certain issues in detail. The committees report their progress and results of their meetings to the Board and make recommendations to the Board when appropriate. The Board currently has three standing committees an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of our committees operates under a charter that has been approved by our Board and which is reviewed annually. We post the charters on the Investor Relations Leadership Governance section of our website at http://investors.epam.com/investors/leadership-and-governance. The primary responsibilities of each of our committees, as well as the current composition of our committees and the number of committee meetings held during 2025, are described below: Audit Committee MEMBERS Helen Shan (Chair) DeAnne Aguirre Chandra McMahon Eugene Roman Ronald Vargo MEETINGS IN 2025 8 The primary responsibilities of our Audit Committee include: appoint, compensate, retain and oversee our independent auditor; pre-approve the independent auditor s audit and non-audit services rendered, and recognize and prevent prohibited non-audit services; review the proposed scope and results of the audit; review, in conjunction with the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our Company, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting with the independent auditor and our financial and accounting staff; establish procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal control over financial reporting, or auditing matters; oversee internal audit functions; prepare the report of the Audit Committee that SEC rules require to be included in our annual proxy statement; and review our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including discussing with management our major financial risk exposures and the steps taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee currently consists exclusively of directors who are financially literate, and each of Ms. Aguirre, Ms. Shan, Mr. Roman, and Mr. Vargo is considered an audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Ms. McMahon and Mr. Roman both have extensive experience in the information technology and information security industries and make up the Cybersecurity Subcommittee of the Audit Committee which is solely focused on EPAM s cybersecurity and information security, including risk monitoring, assessment, and management systems and policies. The Board has determined that each of the current members of the Audit Committee is an independent director within the meaning of the applicable NYSE rules and as defined by Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 29 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee MEMBERS Jill Smart (Chair) DeAnne Aguirre Eugene Roman Robert E. Segert Helen Shan MEETINGS IN 2025 7 The primary responsibilities of our Compensation Committee include: review and approve cash compensation arrangements, and recommend to the Board equity-based compensation arrangements, for executive officers, including for our Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer; identify corporate goals and objectives relevant to executive compensation; evaluate each executive officer s performance in light of identified goals and objectives and determine each executive officer s compensation based on that evaluation; review and evaluate the long-term incentive components of each executive officer s compensation; consider the results of the most recent stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation; review and evaluate the Company s executive compensation and benefits policies generally, including the review and recommendation of any incentive compensation and equity-based plans of the Company that are subject to Board approval, including making grants thereunder; retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser in its sole authority and be responsible for the appointment, compensation, termination and oversight of the work of any such adviser that is retained; delegate to one or more of our officers the authority to make grants and awards of equity-based compensation to any of our non-Section 16 officers under our equity- based incentive plan as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate and in accordance with the terms of the plans; review, evaluate, and recommend to the Board for approval any changes in Board compensation; prepare the report of the Compensation Committee to the extent required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement; in consultation with our CEO, review management succession planning and development plans for potential CEO successors; evaluate its own performance at least annually and report such evaluation to the Board; and review and assess risks arising from the Company s compensation policies and practices. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Compensation Committee is an independent director within the meaning of the rules set forth in Rule 10C-1 and Section 303A.02(a)(ii) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The processes and procedures followed by our Compensation Committee in considering and determining executive compensation, including the use of consultants and other outside advisors, are described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 30 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominating Corporate Governance Committee MEMBERS Ronald Vargo (Chair) Richard Michael Mayoras Chandra McMahon Jill Smart MEETINGS IN 2025 6 The primary responsibilities of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include: identify and nominate members for election to the Board; recommend to the Board a candidate for the position of Lead Independent Director of the Board from among the independent members of the Board; develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance principles and code of conduct applicable to EPAM and to oversee compliance with them; oversee and report to the Board on a periodic basis on corporate responsibility and sustainability considerations; oversee the orientation and continuing education program for directors; oversee our corporate governance practices and procedures, and consider stockholder proposals; and oversee the evaluation of the Board and its committees. The Board has determined that each of the members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is an independent director within the meaning of the applicable NYSE rules. 31 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability Commitment The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees EPAM's ongoing commitment to integrating ethical and positive environmental, social, and governance practices into our overall sustainability strategy. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee engages with and refers matters falling under the sustainability umbrella to other committees for their consideration. The Board is regularly involved in assessing the progress and effectiveness of individual components within our sustainability program such as corporate social responsibility, human capital, ethics and governance, environmental footprint, data privacy, cybersecurity and information security, and supplier sustainability. Our approach to addressing material sustainability topics is key to our continual growth as a business, driving value for our employees, clients, business partners, stockholders, and the broader community. One important way EPAM demonstrates the principles of our Code of Ethical Conduct and core values is through our commitment to making a positive impact in the communities where we operate. Through our focused efforts in the following areas our Sustainability Pillars we leverage the expertise and capabilities of our highly skilled global workforce to effectively address the needs of both the world at large and the communities in which we live and work. Sustainability Pillars Education Digital Literacy EPAM advances education through community programs and internal learning initiatives. The EPAM E-KIDS program operates in 17 countries, where employees volunteer to teach elementary school-aged children STEM concepts and introductory coding skills. We also support youth through programs such as Pathway to Tech Future and help older adults strengthen digital literacy through the eSeniors initiative, while continuing to invest in learning and professional development across our global workforce. Environmental Sustainable Practices EPAM calculates its carbon footprint using an internally developed Emissions Digital Platform, ensuring accurate and transparent measurement of our environmental impact. Building on this foundation, our Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) near-term and net-zero targets have been set and verified, reaffirming our commitment to a sustainable future. Additionally, EPAM has expanded its Supplier Code of Conduct program to incorporate comprehensive sustainability assessments for our suppliers, ensuring that our partners align with our environmental and ethical standards. Community Support Disaster Response At EPAM, we deliver programs supporting both immediate disaster relief and long-term recovery. Since 2022, we have expanded our support for Ukraine by providing essential supplies and partnering with nonprofit organizations to address evolving community needs. Our initiatives include award-recognized programs advancing education for children, youth, and seniors, as well as efforts supporting veterans. Inclusive Culture Community At EPAM, our guiding principle is to Respect, Value and Support People. These tenets have been central to our Company since its founding and remain fundamental to how we operate today. Our global workforce spans diverse geographies, cultures, perspectives, and experiences, united by exceptional capabilities and a shared commitment to collaboration. EPAMers build productive relationships with clients, listen to and learn from one another, and contribute to a workplace culture that is inclusive and supportive. We also collaborate with employee groups and external organizations to expand educational opportunities and support underserved communities around the world. In addition, we remain committed to treating people fairly and in compliance with all applicable laws. Recognition Impact Our social impact initiatives have received public recognition and awards in multiple countries. Our programs from developing digital solutions for nonprofits and advancing educational initiatives to promoting employee wellbeing and fostering a culture of respect and collaboration reflect our commitment to supporting sustainable change and strengthening the communities where we operate. 32 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Executive Officers Executive officers are appointed by the Board. The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officers as of April 6, 2026: Name Age Position Arkadiy Dobkin 65 Executive Chair Balazs Fejes 51 President and Chief Executive Officer Viktar Dvorkin 53 Senior Vice President, Global Head of Advanced Engineering, Cloud and Enterprise Platforms Jason Peterson 63 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Edward Rockwell 58 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Elaina Shekhter 56 Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer Larry Solomon 61 Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer and Head of Operations Gary Abrahams 58 Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Accounting Officer Information about Mr. Dobkin and Mr. Fejes is provided under Board of Directors in this Proxy Statement. A brief biography for each of our other executive officers follows. Viktar Dvorkin Viktar Dvorkin is our Senior Vice President, Global Head of Advanced Engineering, Cloud and Platforms and is responsible for the strategy and operation of the company s Delivery Organization as well as our Solution Practices and Competency Centers. In his current role, Mr. Dvorkin also oversees EPAM s Advanced Technology programs including EngX and Delivery Excellence. Prior to his current role, he led the North American business unit, where he oversaw the operation of EPAM s largest book of business, with overall responsibility for services delivered in the North American region. Mr. Dvorkin joined EPAM in 1997 and has been instrumental in driving our growth in key technology and solution practices, and in helping EPAM to build and deploy multi-disciplinary teams for successful client engagements. Having worked and lived in the United States and Eastern Europe, Mr. Dvorkin has in-depth understanding of global delivery models and brings hands-on technology experience and working knowledge of multiple industries including travel, healthcare, insurance, and oil and gas. Mr. Dvorkin holds a master s degree in Applied Mathematics from the Belarusian National Technical University. Jason Peterson Jason Peterson joined EPAM in 2017 and is our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Peterson leads EPAM s Global Finance, Corporate Development, and Procurement organizations and has over 25 years of finance experience. From 2008 to 2017, he was employed by Cognizant Technology Solutions, and in his most recent role, he was Vice President of Finance, M A and Due Diligence, a position that he held while leading a large-scale corporate business process transformation program. Prior to that, he was CFO of the Emerging Business Accelerator and led the Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis Function. Before joining Cognizant, Mr. Peterson was the CFO for E C Medical Intelligence, a venture-backed software and services company, and prior to that, he served in various accounting and finance roles at ATI Technologies, Philips Semiconductors, and Hewlett-Packard. Mr. Peterson holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a Bachelor s degree in economics from Claremont McKenna College. Edward Rockwell Edward Rockwell joined EPAM in October of 2018 and is our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary overseeing the legal activities of the organization and providing strategic counsel and legal guidance to senior leadership and EPAM s Board of Directors. From June 2014 to October 2018, Mr. Rockwell served as Vice President Assistant General Counsel at Red Hat, a leading global provider of open source, enterprise IT solutions where he led a global team of legal professionals that supported all sales and operations during a period of significant company growth. From April 2012 to January 2014, Mr. Rockwell was General Counsel and Vice President, Legal and Human 33 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Resources for DDN Storage. He previously served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel at Hewlett-Packard Company (HP) with roles that included General Counsel for HP Services, HP Americas, and HP Software. Additionally, he spent five years in Milan, Italy, where he served as Director and Managing Counsel for HP s Outsourcing Services business in EMEA and later Senior Director and Managing Counsel for Outsourcing Services worldwide. Mr. Rockwell received a BA degree in Foreign Affairs from University of Virginia and a JD from the University of Richmond School of Law. Elaina Shekhter Elaina Shekhter is our Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Ms. Shekhter had been our Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer from April 2021 to February 2026 and our Chief Marketing Officer from March 2015 through March 2021. In her role, Ms. Shekhter works to integrate a variety of functions that influence EPAM s strategy, positioning and messaging. Ms. Shekhter has been with EPAM since 2001 in a number of roles, including the Global Head of Business Development and prior to that, the Global Head of our Travel and Consumer Business Unit. Ms. Shekhter is an advisory board member for the MACH Alliance and is active in the software startup and emerging technology communities, representing EPAM in its investment in the Go Philly Fund and as a board member of the EPAM seed investment, Sigma Ledger. Additionally, Ms. Shekhter takes a special interest in artificial intelligence and sustainability initiatives. Before joining EPAM, Ms. Shekhter was with the global hospitality and travel company Carlson Companies, in a number of operational and business development roles including Head of Retail and Entertainment for 24K, a spin-off of Carlson Marketing Group. Prior to Carlson, Ms. Shekhter was a Manager with Ernst Young Consulting, specializing in CRM and analytics engagements. Ms. Shekhter holds an MS degree in Information Systems and BS/BA degrees in Economic Theory and Political Science from The American University. Larry Solomon Larry Solomon is our Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer and Head of Operations, responsible for overseeing all aspects of global infrastructure, shared services, and talent management, talent acquisition, workforce planning and management, as well as other human resource related functions within EPAM globally. Mr. Solomon joined EPAM in October 2016, and prior to that he held a number of leadership positions at Accenture beginning in 1986. His most recent responsibilities as Senior Managing Director and North America Operating Officer from 2013 to 2016 included overseeing and managing the full employee life cycle of all Accenture people in the United States and Canada, resource planning, recruitment, staffing and deployment, and performance management. Prior to that, he was Accenture s Global COO of Human Resources from 2011 to 2013, with overall responsibility for human resources operations. Mr. Solomon received a bachelor s degree in Business Administration from the State University of New York at Albany with a Finance/MIS major and Spanish language minor. He graduated with Magna Cum Laude distinction in 1986. Gary Abrahams Gary Abrahams is our Vice President, Corporate Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Abrahams joined EPAM in 2016 and was named Chief Accounting Officer in April 2017. Mr. Abrahams has over 25 years of experience in global corporate financial management and public accounting. From December 2015 to March 2016, Mr. Abrahams worked as an independent contractor at CMF Associates, LLC, a management and financial services advisory firm. From June 2014 to April 2015, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer at Preferred Sands, a producer of high-performance sands and proppant materials used in the oil and gas industry. From May 2006 to April 2014, Mr. Abrahams served in several senior finance roles at Shire Pharmaceuticals, a global biotechnology company, last serving as Vice President, Finance Operations - The Americas, where he was responsible for leading the Controller s teams in North and South America and enhancing the finance infrastructure to support the growth of the multinational business. Before joining Shire, Mr. Abrahams held finance and Controller positions at Bracco Diagnostics, a subsidiary of a multinational healthcare company, from 1994 to 2006. He began his career at Arthur Andersen LLP in New York City. Mr. Abrahams holds a BBA in Accounting from Hofstra University. 34 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Management As of March 13, 2026, there were 52,444,312 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock for: each of our directors and executive officers individually; all directors and executive officers as a group; and each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding Common Stock. We have calculated beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and such ownership includes voting and dispositive power with respect to shares. In the table below, shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026, shares of Common Stock issuable upon settlement of restricted stock units, and restricted Common Stock are deemed to be outstanding for calculating the percentage of outstanding shares beneficially owned by the applicable person, but are not deemed to be outstanding for computing the percentage of shares beneficially owned by any other person. To our knowledge, except as indicated, the stockholders named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them, based on the information provided to us by such stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director and executive officer is c/o EPAM Systems, Inc., 41 University Drive, Suite 202, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940. Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number(14) Percent Named Executive Officers and Directors Arkadiy Dobkin(1) 1,522,993 2.9% Balazs Fejes(2) 71,722 * Jason Peterson(3) 69,931 * Elaina Shekhter(4) 56,238 * Larry Solomon(5) 56,798 * Viktar Dvorkin(6) 92,138 * Edward Rockwell(7) 23,696 * Gary Abrahams(8) 3,244 * DeAnne Aguirre 3,637 * Richard Michael Mayoras 10,693 * Chandra McMahon 3,758 * Eugene Roman 2,408 * Karl Robb 7,739 * Robert E. Segert(9) 18,349 * Helen Shan 6,299 * Jill Smart 9,324 * Ronald Vargo 10,926 * All executive officers and directors as a group (17 people) 1,969,894 3.8% 5% Stockholders The Vanguard Group(10) 6,825,589 11.83% BlackRock, Inc.(11) 3,975,799 7.0% Invesco Ltd.(12) 3,569,498 6.3% Capital World Investors(13) 6,671,458 12.3% * Denotes less than 1% of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned. 35 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS (1) Includes 210,355 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Dobkin upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026; (2) Includes 46,859 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Fejes upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026. (3) Includes 38,500 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Peterson upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026. (4) Includes 42,555 shares of Common Stock issuable to Ms. Shekhter upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026. (5) Includes 36,353 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Solomon upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026. (6) Includes: (i) 12,311 shares of Common Stock held directly by Mr. Dvorkin; (ii) 38,124 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Dvorkin upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026; and (iii) 41,703 shares of Common Stock held by the Dvorkin Family Trust for the benefit of Mr. Dvorkin s children, for which Mr. Dvorkin s spouse acts as the trustee. Mr. Dvorkin may be deemed to have shared power to vote or to direct the vote, and shared power to dispose or to direct the disposition of the shares held by the Dvorkin Family Trust and identified as beneficially owned by him above. Mr. Dvorkin disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Dvorkin Family Trust except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. (7) Includes 14,022 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Rockwell upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026. (8) Includes 524 shares of Common Stock issuable to Mr. Abrahams upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 13, 2026. (9) Includes: (i) 6,994 shares of Common Stock held directly by Mr. Segert; and (ii) 11,355 shares of Common Stock held in a revocable living trust in which Mr. Segert and his spouse are trustees. Mr. Segert has beneficial ownership of the shares held in the trust. (10) Information based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024. The Vanguard Group has sole voting power over 0 shares, shared voting power over 75,863 shares, sole dispositive power over 6,578,867 shares and shared dispositive power over 246,722 shares. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355. (11) Information based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on July 17, 2025. BlackRock, Inc., a parent holding company, reports on behalf of the following subsidiaries which hold the shares: BlackRock Life Limited, BlackRock Advisors, LLC, BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V., BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association, BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited, BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG, BlackRock Investment Management, LLC, BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited, BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited, BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited, BlackRock Fund Advisors, BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, and BlackRock Fund Managers Ltd. BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power over 3,716,162 shares, shared voting power over 0 shares, sole dispositive power over 3,975,799 shares, and shared dispositive power over 0 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. (12) Information based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 9, 2025. Invesco Ltd., a parent holding company, reports on behalf of Invesco Advisers, Inc., Invesco Asset Management (Japan) Limited, Invesco Asset Management Limited, Invesco Asset Management Singapore Ltd., Invesco Investment Advisers LLC, and Invesco Capital Management LLC. Invesco Ltd. has sole voting power over 3,486,640 shares, shared voting power over 0 shares, sole dispositive power over 3,569,498 shares, and shared dispositive power over 0 shares. The address of Invesco Ltd. is 1331 Spring Street NW, Suite 2500, Atlanta, GA 30309. (13) Information based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 6, 2026. Capital World Investors is a division of Capital Research and Management Company, as well as its investment management subsidiaries and affiliates: Capital Bank and Trust Company, Capital International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International Sarl, Capital International K.K., Capital Group Private Client Services, Inc., and Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited. Capital World Investors is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 6,671,458 shares and has sole voting power over 6,646,126 shares, shared voting power over 0 shares, sole dispositive power over 6,671,458 shares, and shared dispositive power over 0 shares. The address of Capital World Investors is 333 South Hope Street, 55th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. (14) Share numbers have been rounded to eliminate reporting of fractional shares. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and certain executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, to file reports regarding their initial stock ownership and subsequent changes to their ownership with the SEC. Based solely on a review of the reports filed for the year ending December 31, 2025 and related written representations, we believe that all Section 16(a) reports were filed on a timely basis, except for a Form 4 filed on December 29, 2025 to report the bona fide gift of 312 shares from a trust for which Mr. Segert is a trustee and a Form 4 filed on June 4, 2025 to report the withholding of 515 shares from Mr. Roman to satisfy tax withholding requirements related to vesting of restricted stock units. 36 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Certain Relationships Related Transactions Our Related Person Transaction Policy The Board has designated the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as responsible for the review, approval, or ratification of transactions involving EPAM or its subsidiaries and related persons. Under SEC rules, a related person is director, executive officer, nominee for director since the beginning of the previous fiscal year, or a holder of greater than 5% of our stock or securities exchangeable for our stock, and their immediate family members. The Board has adopted a related person transaction policy to apply to any transaction or series of transactions in which EPAM or a subsidiary is a participant, the amount exceeds $120,000, and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. Pre-Cleared Transaction Categories The following types of transactions are deemed not to create or involve a material interest, absent other facts and circumstances which require consideration: transactions involving the purchase or sale of products or services in the ordinary course of business not exceeding $120,000 transactions involving the purchase or sale of products or services in the ordinary course of business involving a related person who is a related person by virtue of its ownership of our Common Stock transactions in which the related person s interest derives solely from (a) service as a director of another corporation or organization that is a party to the transaction; (b) ownership of less than 10% of the equity interest in another person (other than a general partnership interest) which is a party to the transaction; (c) ownership of a class of our equity securities and all holders of that class of equity securities received the same benefit on a pro rata basis; and (d) service as a director, trustee or officer (or similar position) of a not-for-profit organization or charity that receives donations from EPAM, which donations are made pursuant to a company matching program, as a result of contributions by employees, that is available on the same terms to all EPAM employees compensation arrangements of any executive officer, other than an individual who is an immediate family member of a related person, if such arrangements have been approved by the Compensation Committee director compensation arrangements that have been approved by the Board indemnity payments made to directors and executive officers in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, by-laws and applicable laws Transaction Review Process Each director, director nominee, and executive officer notifies the EPAM legal department of any transaction involving EPAM and a related person and provides a complete description of the transaction. If the transaction does not fall into one of the exceptions listed above, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers all relevant facts and circumstances to determine whether the transaction involves a direct or indirect material interest and if the Committee determines it does, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee then determines whether to approve or ratify the transaction. In making its decision the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews commercial reasonableness, the benefit and perceived benefit, or lack thereof, to us, opportunity costs of alternate transactions, the materiality and character of the related person s interest, and any actual or apparent conflict of interest. A related person transaction will not be approved or ratified unless it is determined that the transaction is in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of EPAM and our stockholders. As part of our review process, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers ordinary course of business commercial arrangements between EPAM, on the one hand, and customers or vendors where members of our Board serve as executive officers or directors. Following the policy and required review procedures, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (with appropriate recusals, as necessary) has determined that none of our directors have a direct or indirect material interest in such arrangements. Transactions in 2025 Since the beginning of 2025, there have been no related person transactions meeting the description above approved or ratified by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 37 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Indemnification Agreements Our certificate of incorporation includes provisions that authorize and require us to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions. We have separate indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers, which require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. Insider Trading Policy ; Prohibition on Hedging Transactions in Derivatives We have an insider trading policy and procedures that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, regulations, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. The policy and procedures prohibit, among other things, our employees and directors from engaging in (i) any hedging transactions that are designed to hedge or speculate on any change in the market value of EPAM s equity securities, (ii) trading in options or other derivatives involving EPAM s stock, and (iii) pledging EPAM securities in any circumstance, including by purchasing securities in margin or holding securities in a margin account. These prohibitions apply to EPAM s equity securities whether issued as compensation or acquired otherwise and prohibit transactions such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts. None of our employees or directors has pledged EPAM stock as collateral for personal loans or other obligations. We have made our insider trading policy publicly available by including it as an exhibit to our 2025 Annual Report. 38 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of the Audit Committee EPAM s Board has adopted a charter that details the role and responsibilities of the Audit Committee. Pursuant to that charter, the Audit Committee oversees EPAM s independent registered public accounting firm and internal audit function as well, along with management, EPAM s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee met eight times during 2025. During those meetings, the Audit Committee executed its responsibilities consistent with its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Our management is primarily responsible for EPAM s internal control and financial reporting process. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, is responsible for performing an independent audit of EPAM s consolidated financial statements and issuing opinions on the conformity of those audited financial statements with United States generally accepted accounting principles and the effectiveness of EPAM s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee monitors EPAM s financial reporting process and reports to the Board on its findings. In this context, the Audit Committee hereby reports as follows: 1. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with EPAM s management. 2. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed under the rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the SEC. 3. The Audit Committee has received from the independent registered public accounting firm the written disclosures and the letter required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered public accounting firm s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence. 4. Based on the review and discussions referred to in paragraphs (1) through (3) above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board has approved, that the audited financial statements be included in EPAM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee Helen Shan, Chair DeAnne Aguirre Chandra McMahon Eugene Roman Ronald Vargo 39 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors, has selected Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2026. Deloitte Touche LLP has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 2006. Representatives from Deloitte Touche LLP will attend the Annual Meeting to respond to any appropriate questions and will have the opportunity to make a statement, if they so desire. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting Financial Disclosure None. Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The following table summarizes the fees incurred by Deloitte Touche LLP and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the Deloitte Entities ) and billed to us for each of the last two years for audit services, and billed to us in each of the last two years for audit related, tax and other services: 2025 (in thousands) 2024 (in thousands) Audit Fees $ 4,689 $ 4,773 Audit-Related Fees $ 353 $ 290 Tax Fees $ 491 $ 615 All Other Fees $ 2 $ 2 Total Fees $5,535 $ 5,680 Audit Fees . Audit Fees consist of fees billed by Deloitte Entities for professional services rendered in connection with the integrated audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, reviews of condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly Form 10-Q reports, consents issued in the current year, and foreign statutory audits. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with service organization internal control audit and assurance procedures. Tax Fees . Tax Fees primarily consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with transfer pricing studies and tax consulting services. All Other Fees . All Other Fees consist of fees billed for accounting research tools and related database subscriptions. Pre-Approval of Services In accordance with its charter and legal requirements, the Audit Committee is required to approve in advance all audit and permitted non-audit services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. As permitted by our pre-approval policy, the Audit Committee has delegated to its Chair the authority to pre-approve audit and permitted non-audit services involving estimated fees of up to $250,000 to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; provided that the Chair then communicates such pre-approvals to the full Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. The pre-approval policy also includes full Audit Committee pre-approval of certain categories of audit and permitted non-audit services, up to $250,000 in the aggregate per year for each particular category of service. As part of its review, the Audit Committee considers whether any non-audit services will, or may potentially, impact the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and non-audit services provided to EPAM by the Deloitte Entities in 2025 and 2024. None of the services described in the table above were exempt from the pre-approval requirement set forth in the SEC rules and regulations. 40 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 3: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2026. In deciding to engage Deloitte Touche LLP, the Audit Committee noted that there were no auditor independence issues raised with Deloitte Touche LLP. The Board recommends that stockholders ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm. Ratification of the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP by stockholders is not required by law. However, as a matter of good corporate practice, such selection is being submitted to the stockholders for ratification at the Annual Meeting. If the stockholders do not ratify the selection, the Board and the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain Deloitte Touche LLP, but may, in their discretion, retain Deloitte Touche LLP. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may change the appointment at any time during the year if it determines that such change would be in the best interests of EPAM and its stockholders. The Audit Committee reviews audit and non-audit services performed by Deloitte Touche LLP, as well as the fees charged by Deloitte Touche LLP for such services. In its review of non-audit service fees, the Audit Committee considers, among other things, the possible effect of the performance of such services on the auditor s independence. Additional information concerning the Audit Committee and its activities with Deloitte Touche LLP can be found in the following sections of this Proxy Statement: Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Audit Committee and Report of the Audit Committee. For additional information about Deloitte Touche LLP, see Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm immediately preceding this Proposal 3. Vote Required Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present and entitled to vote on the subject matter in person or by proxy. Recommendation The Board recommends a vote FOR the ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. 41 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of Directors Our independent directors are compensated under our Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan and related policy. Directors who are employees of EPAM or any of our subsidiaries receive no compensation for serving as directors. Under our plan and policy, each director who is not an employee of EPAM or any subsidiary of EPAM receives an annual cash retainer and an annual grant of restricted stock units. In addition, new non-employee directors receive an initial award of restricted stock units upon joining the Board. In addition, the Lead Independent Director, and the chair and members of each committee of the Board of Directors each receives an additional cash fee. In the event that there are more than 10 meetings of the Board or any committee in a calendar year, our non-employee directors are entitled to additional cash amounts for each additional meeting they attend (in person or telephonically, with different amounts applicable to each) for the Board or committee on which such non-employee director serves. We offer our directors the option to defer receipt of shares of our Common Stock delivered upon vesting of restricted stock units until the July 15th immediately following their retirement from the Board, or in one to five annual installments following retirement from the Board through our Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan. This deferral plan permits the deferred receipt of shares relating to restricted stock units granted during or after 2017. The Compensation Committee reviews the compensation components and levels for non-employee directors, considering the director compensation practices of industry and other peer companies, among other factors, in a report prepared by the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant no less than every other year. The Compensation Committee most recently performed this review at the end of 2025 and increased the annual cash retainer for directors and the fee for service as Lead Independent Director by $10,000 and $5,000, respectively. These increases went into effect on January 1, 2026. No other changes were made to non-employee director compensation. The amounts of each element of non-employee director compensation for 2025 are set forth below. 42 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The following table contains information about the fees and other compensation paid to the members of the Board in the year ended December 31, 2025. Mr. Dobkin and Mr. Fejes did not receive any compensation for their service as directors, and therefore neither is included in the following table. The compensation received by Mr. Fejes and Mr. Dobkin for their service to EPAM as employees in 2025 is presented in Executive Compensation. Name Fees earned or paid in cash ($) Stock awards (1) (2) ($) Option awards ($) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ($) All other compensation ($) Total ($) DeAnne Aguirre $ 82,189 