=== EPAM_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates included in this annual report. i FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains estimates and forward-looking statements, principally in Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our estimates and forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends, which affect or may affect our businesses and operations. Those future events and trends may relate to, among other things, developments relating to the war in Ukraine and escalation of the war in the surrounding region, political and civil unrest or military action in the geographies where we conduct business and operate, difficult conditions in global capital markets, foreign exchange markets, global trade and the broader economy, the adoption and implementation of artificial intelligence technologies by EPAM and its clients, and the effect that these events may have on client demand, our revenues, operations, access to capital and profitability. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to several risks, uncertainties and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate and are made in light of information currently available to us. Important factors, in addition to the factors described in this annual report, may materially and adversely affect our results as indicated in forward-looking statements. You should read this annual report and the documents that we have filed as exhibits hereto completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The words may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, might, would, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology and similar words are intended to identify estimates and forward-looking statements. Estimates and forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made and, except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update, to correct, to revise or to review any estimate and/or forward-looking statement because of new information, future events or other factors. Estimates and forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. As a result of the risks and uncertainties described above, the estimates and forward-looking statements discussed in this annual report might not occur and our future results, level of activity, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements due to, including, but not limited to, the factors mentioned above, and the differences may be material and adverse. Because of these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 1 PART I Item 1. Business Overview EPAM has used its software engineering expertise to become a leading global provider of digital engineering, cloud and artificial intelligence-enabled transformation services, and a leading business and experience consulting partner for global enterprises and ambitious start-ups. We address our clients transformation challenges by fusing EPAM Continuum s integrated strategy, experience and technology consulting with our 30+ years of engineering execution to speed our clients time to market and drive greater value from their innovations and digital investments. We leverage AI to deliver transformative solutions that accelerate our clients' digital innovation and enhance their competitive edge. Through platforms like EPAM AI/RUN and initiatives like DIALX Lab , we integrate advanced AI technologies into tailored business strategies, driving significant industry impact and fostering continuous innovation. We deliver business and technology transformation from start to finish, leveraging agile methodologies, proven client collaboration frameworks, engineering excellence tools, multidisciplinary teams and our award-winning proprietary global delivery platform. We support our clients while enabling them to reimagine their businesses through a digital lens. In a business landscape that is constantly challenged by the pressures of digitization, we focus on building long-term partnerships with our clients through innovative and scalable software solutions, integrated strategy, experience and technology consulting, and a continually evolving mix of advanced capabilities. Our historical core competencies, which include software development and product engineering services, combined with our work alongside global leaders in enterprise software platforms and emerging technology companies, laid the foundation for the evolution of our other offerings. These include advanced technology software solutions, intelligent enterprise services, and digital engagement. Our strategic acquisitions have expanded our geographic reach and service capabilities and will continue to enable us to offer a broader range of services to our clients from a multitude of locations. Services We turn our clients operations into intelligent enterprise hubs with our proprietary platforms, integrated engineering practices and smart automation. Developing a digital experience or product from end-to-end requires input and expertise from a variety of professionals with a broad range of skills. Our multidisciplinary teams and global delivery framework come together to deliver well-rounded technology solutions that we believe bring a competitive advantage to our clients. In addition to utilizing our dedicated delivery centers, which allow us to deploy key delivery talent, we work closely with leading companies in various industries to enable our clients to better leverage technology and address the simultaneous pressures of driving value for their consumer and offering a more engaging experience. Our service offerings continuously evolve to provide more customized and integrated solutions to our clients. We combine software engineering with customer experience design, business consulting, strategy, and technology innovation services in areas such as cloud platforms, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. Our strategy is increasingly focused on providing end-to-end AI-native transformations, which require deep expertise across all of our service lines. Engineering Our engineering foundation underpins how we architect, build and scale next-generation software solutions and agile delivery teams. Our engineering expertise allows us to build enterprise technologies that improve business processes, offer smarter analytics and result in greater operational excellence through requirements analysis and platform selection, complex customization, cross-platform migration, implementation and integration. We have deep expertise and the ability to offer a comprehensive set of software product and platform development services including product research, customer experience design and prototyping, program management, component design and integration, full lifecycle software testing, product deployment and end-user customization, performance tuning, product support and maintenance, managed services, as well as cross-platform migration and modernizing legacy platforms. We use our experience, custom tools and specialized knowledge to integrate our clients chosen strategy and create custom solutions to architect the right outcomes with built-in quality and security gates, and to accomplish the best results from digital modernization efforts. 2 Table of Contents Cloud Cloud technology has become the default platform for nearly every digital use. We assist our clients in creating a roadmap to set and refine their IT and business goals while identifying new and emerging opportunities leveraging cloud technologies. Cloud technology endows adaptive enterprises with agility and flexibility, paving the way for new business models, cutting-edge products, and the acceleration of dynamic experiences for a faster time-to-market. Our experts have a solid understanding of infrastructure and are skilled at advancing the pace of change. Additionally, we assist our clients with developing and executing optimal cloud technology migration and modernization strategies as well as provide customized cloud solutions. Data, Analytics and Artificial Intelligence With deep expertise in data and analytics, business intelligence and platform development, we navigate the complexities of building and scaling new data capabilities necessary for the evolving environment. From modernizing and migrating data platforms to the cloud to implementing data governance practices across the enterprise, we help our clients unlock data-reliant outcomes for their business, ushering them into the future. Our integrated teams of business and technology experts assess our clients data ecosystems, build roadmaps and deliver data solutions to the market. Our focus has sharpened on providing the foundational data engineering, decisioning and platform modernization services that are critical for large-scale AI-readiness and AI adoption. We drive AI strategy, delivery and enablement from a business perspective to ensure meaningful, sustained outcomes. Our hybrid, networked teams of consultants, designers, architects, engineers and trainers have developed numerous proprietary data accelerators, repeatable AI frameworks and methodologies that can be implemented quickly and at scale. Our strategy also involves engaging clients on the critical prerequisite work required to enable AI applications, including modernizing cloud infrastructure. With our end-to-end AI capabilities, we uncover opportunities for AI, advise and then build solutions that unlock new business models, enhance productivity, automate operations, and deliver deeper customer and supply chain insights. Customer Experience We help our clients harness technology and human-centered design to create experiences that drive measurable value. We bring together strategy, design, and engineering to help organizations transform into adaptive, product-centric businesses that can reinvent experiences in real time. Our teams design seamless digital and physical interactions, reimagining products, services, and spaces for a connected world. Inside our clients organizations, we reshape processes and employee journeys to engage, enable, and empower the workforce. From vision to execution, we deliver customer and employee experiences that accelerate growth and strengthen loyalty. Marketing Through our agency brand, Empathy Lab, our marketing domain experts work with multidisciplinary teams to help CMOs navigate the accelerating shifts reshaping marketing, commerce, and customer experience. We unite creativity, data, design, engineering, and applied AI to build orchestrated, customer-centered growth systems for the AI era, transforming fragmented marketing capabilities into adaptive, always-on ecosystems. From next-generation content production and agentic commerce to generative loyalty and intelligent products, we partner with brands to reimagine how marketing drives growth - end to end, from strategy through execution. Cybersecurity We guide our clients through achieving operational resilience against evolving cybersecurity threats. This requires pervasive security that matches the rapid pace of agile development, ensures regulatory compliance, training, and aligns with business objectives. We help our clients achieve their security objectives by applying a security-by-design approach, integrating security controls into systems and processes, and leveraging our agile security platform while using AI-driven tools that allow for rapid threat responses and attack simulations. We approach enterprise security holistically, extending our services across proactive defense and actionable intelligence to engineer an effective security model. Our specialties within the cybersecurity domain include managed detection and response, digital risk management, cybersecurity advisory, cloud and data security, zero trust design and implementation, and cyber intelligence and managed incident response services. 3 Table of Contents Industry Expertise Strong industry-specific knowledge, backed by extensive experience merging technology with our clients business processes, enables us to deliver tailored solutions to various industry verticals. Our clients operate in five main industry verticals as well as a number of emerging verticals where we are increasing our presence. Financial Services We have significant experience working with global investment banks, wealth and investment management institutions, commercial and retail lending institutions, credit card and payment solution companies, trading platforms, exchanges and brokerages, capital markets, insurers and various other providers of financial services and financial technology. We assist these clients with challenges stemming from new regulations, compliance requirements, client-based needs and risk management. Our financial services domain experts have been recognized with industry awards for engineering and deploying unique applications and business solutions that facilitate growth, competitiveness, regulatory compliance and client interaction while driving cost efficiency and digital transformation. Consumer Goods, Retail Travel In this vertical, our capabilities span a range of platforms, applications and solutions that consumer goods manufacturers, global, regional and local retailers, online retail brands and marketplaces, distributors and supply chain organizations as well as leading airlines, travel agencies and global hotel brands use to enhance their clients experience and efficiently manage their operations. We deliver a wide range of services to these clients from complex system modernization, brand strategy and space design, digital marketing, payments and loyalty programs to inventory and order management, leading edge innovations in multi-channel sales and distribution. We have transformed organizations by enabling them to use technology to expand and revolutionize their business models. Our services directly impact strategy and facilitate the creation of breakthrough products and compelling brand and employee experiences, helping our clients outpace competitors. Software Hi-Tech We offer complex software product development services to address the constant need for innovation and agility among software and technology companies. Some of the most prominent software brands in the world partner with us to build technology consulting, core engineering and full-scale integration capabilities. Through our extensive experience with many industry leaders in Hi-Tech research and development, software engineering and integration, we have established proprietary internal processes, methodologies as well as information technology infrastructure, which give us an edge when it comes to serving clients in the Hi-Tech and Software product markets. Our services span the complete software development lifecycle for software product development, including our comprehensive development methodologies, testing, performance tuning, deployment, maintenance and support. Business Information Media We help our business information and media clients build products and solutions for modern platforms including web media streaming, mobile information delivery, print to digital transformations and information discovery and search. Our solutions aid our clients in developing new revenue sources, accelerating content management, delivery and monetization, and reaching broader audiences. We serve a diverse set of clients in this vertical including entertainment media, news and sports broadcasting companies, financial data and legal information providers, content distributors, educational materials publishers and advertising networks. Life Sciences Healthcare We partner with global pharmaceutical, medical and scientific technology, biotechnology companies and retail pharmacies to deliver sophisticated scientific informatics and innovative enterprise technology solutions. Our Life Sciences experts utilize their extensive technology skill set to provide deep scientific and mathematical knowledge to broad-based initiatives. Our Life Sciences solutions enable clients to speed research and accelerate time-to-market while enhancing collaboration, knowledge management and operational excellence. We help our clients in the Healthcare industry to adapt to changing regulatory environments and improve the quality of care, all while managing the cost of care through integrated health solutions for patients and providers and human-centered design. Our professionals deliver an end-to-end experience that includes strategy, architecture, development and managed services to clients ranging from the traditional healthcare providers to innovative startups. Emerging Verticals We also serve the diverse technology needs of clients in the energy, telecommunications, educational, real estate, industrial materials, automotive and various manufacturing industries, as well as government entities. For these clients we develop tools such as plant management platforms, energy saving applications, inventory management mechanisms, and connected vehicle platforms. Additionally, we undertake various industry-specific aspects of intelligent automation and operational efficiency. 4 Table of Contents Clients We maintain a geographically diverse client base in multiple industries. Our focus on delivering quality service is reflected in established relationships with many of our clients, with 64.4% and 35.7% of our revenues in 2025 coming from clients that had used our services for at least five and ten years, respectively. We aim to grow our client portfolios organically and through strategic acquisitions. We continually evaluate potential acquisition targets that can expand our vertical-specific domain expertise, geographic footprint, service portfolio, client base and management expertise. The following table shows revenues from the top five and ten clients in the respective year as a percentage of revenues for that year: % of Revenues for Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Top five clients 13.7 % 15.8 % 16.6 % Top ten clients 21.6 % 23.4 % 23.6 % As we remain committed to diversifying our client base and adding more clients to our client mix, we expect revenue concentration from our top clients to decrease over the long-term. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to revenues. See Note 19 Segment Information in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information related to our reportable segments. Global Delivery Model Our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources, have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our global delivery centers to our clients across the world. Over the years we have developed a robust global delivery model that serves as a key competitive advantage, enabling us to better meet our clients diverse needs and to provide a compelling value proposition. We continuously evolve our delivery platform to support our business needs and strategy by engaging personnel with diversified skills in existing and new locations. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 56,600 delivery personnel consisting mainly of our core information technology professionals as well as consultants, designers, architects, engineers and trainers. We serve our clients through on-site, off-site and offshore locations across the world and use strategically located delivery centers to offer a strong, diversified and cost-effective delivery platform. In the normal course of business, we may relocate or assist in relocating our employees as business needs arise, new office geographies are added or client engagements require teams to be available in particular locations. In 2025, India remained our largest delivery location, measured by the number of delivery professionals, and as of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 12,200 delivery professionals in this location. We continued to focus on growing India as a key delivery location and added approximately 2,150 delivery professionals since December 31, 2024. Ukraine continues to be a significant delivery location for us and we had approximately 8,750 delivery professionals there as of December 31, 2025, compared with 8,764 delivery professionals as of December 31, 2024. Since the Russian forces' attack on Ukraine and its people began on February 24, 2022, our teams remain highly focused on maintaining uninterrupted production. Our highest priority remains the safety and security of our employees and their families in Ukraine as well as in the broader region, and we have continued to support relocating our employees to lower risk locations, both inside Ukraine and to other countries where we operate. The vast majority of our Ukraine employees are in safe locations and we continuously monitor the situation. In response to the war in Ukraine, we shifted the way we operate in our delivery locations by discontinuing our operations in Russia and continuing to execute our business continuity plans and sustaining our hiring efforts across multiple locations in India, Central and Western Asia, Latin America, and Central and Eastern Europe. In addition to hiring efforts, the acquisitions of businesses that we complete further diversify our employee base and delivery locations. Our other large delivery locations are Poland, Belarus and Mexico with approximately 5,050, 3,400 and 2,950 delivery professionals, respectively, as of December 31, 2025. Our global delivery centers throughout the world, including in Ukraine, have sufficient resources, including infrastructure and capital, to support ongoing operations. 5 Table of Contents Human Capital Our employees are a key factor in our ability to grow our revenues and serve our clients. We believe the quality of our employees serves as a key point of differentiation in how we deliver a superior value proposition to our clients and investors. It is critical to our success to identify, attract, hire and retain delivery professionals who are highly skilled in information technology to execute our services, as well as individuals with appropriate skills to fill our executive, finance, legal, human resources and other key management positions. To attract, retain and motivate our employees, we offer a work environment that values the individual, ongoing skills development, career advancement with continuous rotation and promotion opportunities, and rewards for entrepreneurial initiative and performance. As of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we had approximately 62,850, 61,200, and 53,150 employees, respectively, of which approximately 56,600, 55,100, and 47,350 were delivery professionals, respectively. Health, Safety, and Wellness: We invest in programs designed to improve the physical, mental, and social well-being of our employees so we can offer a safe, welcoming, and productive workplace that supports and enhances the work-life balance and wellness of our employees. Our health and safety programs are designed to comply with the regulations in the multiple cities and countries where we operate while meeting the needs of our delivery and administrative functions, whether our employees choose to work remotely or in EPAM s or our clients offices. Recruitment, Training and Utilization: As an innovation-driven business in a competitive industry, our success depends on hiring the most talented employees and training, developing, and deploying them to satisfy client demand. We are particularly focused on identifying and cultivating the next generation of exceptional leaders, emphasizing technical expertise, enhancing succession pipelines, and finding the best people to fill our key positions. We have dedicated full-time employees who oversee all aspects of our human capital management process including talent acquisition teams that locate and attract qualified and experienced professionals around the world. Our employees are a critical asset and are necessary for our continued success, so we continuously explore new geographies, markets, and sources to locate talented personnel and present them with competitive compensation, educational programs, and opportunities for career advancement. We actively monitor how we utilize our delivery professionals and specialists to balance the needs of our clients with the availability, location, and skill sets of our employees and their need for interesting and challenging work. We manage utilization through strategic hiring, our internal technology platforms, and efficient staffing of client projects. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the utilization rates of our delivery professionals were approximately 76.8%, 76.7%, and 74.3%, respectively. EPAM invests significant resources in training and developing our employees through our learning and development programs. Our largest learning and development investment has been directed towards developing our engineering talent, including targeted training programs, innovation labs, and significant internal production projects. Our employees consumed 2.6 million learning hours in 2025. We deliver training and development opportunities and content through our unique learning ecosystem and through dedicated learning events, using proprietary platforms that are available to all of our employees. Our digital learning platform provides our employees with a recommendation engine that suggests courses and materials based on employee role, level, location and skills. We celebrate our employees learning accomplishments and employees can recognize each other for their teamwork, initiative, and unique, skills through our recognition portal. Culture: Our talented personnel include people with varied backgrounds and characteristics to drive innovation and new approaches to delivering services to our clients. We believe that innovation comes from the different perspectives, knowledge, and experiences of our global employees, so we strive for a supportive culture by creating employee groups that recognize and share perspectives so employees of all backgrounds, interests, and identities can grow and thrive professionally. Increasing the breadth of viewpoints and experiences in executive and key operational leadership roles is an organizational priority that starts at the top. Women currently represent approximately 44% of the independent directors on our Board and we have developed programs to identify, retain, mentor, and supply a pipeline of qualified candidates from all backgrounds at every level of our Company. Our programs include dedicating resources and personnel in our talent acquisition team to identify, recognize, and hire from underrepresented groups in engineering, IT, and business. Recognizing that giving all people access to jobs in the software and technology industries starts with access to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics ( STEM ) education, EPAM created the EPAM E-Kids program where our employees volunteer their time to teach elementary school age children STEM concepts and introductory software coding skills. As of the end of 2025, we offered the EPAM E-Kids program in 17 countries. 6 Table of Contents Employee Engagement and Retention: As a participant in the United Nations Global Compact, we are committed to respecting our employees fundamental human rights at work. We believe that retaining skilled talent requires substantially more than meeting basic employment and labor rights, and that employees who are fairly compensated and feel supported and engaged in their career development are more likely to remain with EPAM. That is why we aim to provide pay and benefits to demonstrate that we value our employees, which include a competitive salary, flexible work-life balance, paid time off, health coverage, ongoing training programs, relocation options, and recognition opportunities. Our career development programs create detailed and progressive training plans for our employees and help them choose from internal and external training options, mentoring programs, and hands-on opportunities to experience emerging technology areas. We designed our career development programs to enable our employees to develop their engineering skills, influence our culture, develop thought leadership, and introduce them to leaders in our industry. Our career development programs also give our employees opportunities to earn accreditation and relevant expertise in various technology fields, including software and project management certifications and recognition and credentialing from the industry s primary software and cloud services providers. We focus on retaining and engaging top talent by hiring people with the skill sets our clients need and who also share our values so we can build long-term employee satisfaction, which is supported by our voluntary attrition rate of 8.5%, 8.9%, and 8.6% in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We endeavor to recruit for careers, not for short-term projects, and actively foster feedback from our employees so we can improve the EPAM employee experience. Receiving and learning from employee feedback plays a critical role in engaging and retaining our employees because it offers us insights on how we can improve our operations and enhance the skills of our employees. Our employees have demonstrated their satisfaction with our approach by giving their highest percentage of positive responses in our 2025 employee survey when asked if they can easily get support from their colleagues (94%), if they get management support (93%), if they feel that EPAM provides a supportive environment for all employees, regardless of gender, race, background, religion, or other personal traits (90%), if they are inspired to do their best when working for EPAM (90%) and if they feel comfortable being themselves while working for EPAM (89%). Our focus on our employees experience is recognized inside and outside of EPAM. In 2025, the employee experience we create was recognized with awards from a number of different organizations in the Americas, Europe, and Asia, and we were also named to the Forbes World s Best Employers list and recognized by Glassdoor as a Best Workplace for four consecutive years. Sales and Marketing We market and sell our services through our senior management, sales and business development teams, account managers, and professional staff. Our client service professionals and account managers, who maintain direct client relationships, play an integral role in engaging with current clients to identify and pursue potential business opportunities. This strategy has been effective in promoting repeat business and growth from within our existing client base and we believe that our reputation as a reliable provider of software engineering solutions drives additional business from inbound requests and referrals. In addition to effective client management, our sales model also utilizes an integrated sales and marketing approach that leverages a dedicated sales team to identify and acquire new accounts. Our sales and marketing efforts are increasingly AI-enabled, leveraging internal data platforms to create a comprehensive view of our clients which enables more personal and tailored conversations. We maintain a marketing team, which coordinates corporate-level branding efforts such as participation in and the hosting of industry conferences and events as well as sponsorship of programming competitions. We have been recognized by many top global independent research agencies, such as Forrester, Gartner, IDC and Everest and by publications such as Newsweek, TIME Magazine, Forbes and Fortune. We are proud to be among the top 15 companies in Information Technology Services in the Fortune 1000 and to be included as a leader in the IDC MarketScapes for Worldwide Experience Build Services and Worldwide Experience Design Services. Competition The markets in which we compete are changing rapidly and we face competition from multiple market participants such as other global technology solutions providers, specialized consulting firms, boutique digital companies and outsourcing companies based primarily in specific geographies with lower cost labor such as Eastern Europe, India, Latin America and China. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our business include technical expertise and industry knowledge, end-to-end solution offerings, a reputation for and a track record of high-quality and on-time delivery of work, effective employee recruiting, training and retention, responsiveness to clients business needs, ability to scale, financial stability and price. 7 Table of Contents We face competition from various technology services providers such as Accenture, Atos, Capgemini, Cognizant Technology Solutions, Deloitte Digital, DXC Technology, Endava, Genpact, GlobalLogic, Globant, Grid Dynamics, HCL Technologies, Infosys, Tata Consultancy Services, and Wipro, among others. Additionally, we compete with numerous smaller local companies in the various geographic markets in which we operate. We believe that our focus on complex and innovative software product development solutions, our technical employee base, and our development and continuous improvement in process methodologies, applications and tools position us well to compete effectively in the future. Our ability to deliver end-to-end AI-native solutions is a key differentiator as companies move from AI experimentation to production. Quality Management and Information Security We are continuously investing in systems, applications, tools and infrastructure to manage all aspects of our global delivery process in order to manage quality and information security risks, while providing control and visibility across all project lifecycle stages both internally and to our clients. We have developed sophisticated project management techniques and procedures facilitated through our proprietary project management tools, a web-based collaborative environment for software development, which we consider critical for visibility into project deliverables, resource management, team messaging and project-related documents. These tools promote collaboration and effective oversight, reduce work time and costs, and increase quality for our IT management and our clients. We maintain, monitor, and improve processes and infrastructure to protect our, our clients and their customers confidential and sensitive information and allocate internal and external resources to assess and ensure information security, cybersecurity and data privacy. We have made significant investments in the appropriate people, processes and technology to establish and manage information security, confidentiality requirements, and laws and regulations governing our activities, such as the European Union data protection legal framework referred to as the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), the California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act, and others. We maintain a focus on adhering to stringent security, privacy and quality standards as well as internal controls which are compliant with ISO 27001, ISO 27701 and ISO 9001 standards. For certain services, EPAM obtains SOC1, SOC2, and/or SOC3 reports and shares them with our clients. These audits are performed by an independent auditor utilizing globally recognized attestation standards (ISAE 3402 and ISAE 3000). Our SOC reports, along with other certifications we hold, provide our clients with independent third-party assurance and validation of our information security, privacy management, quality management and general controls practices. Corporate and Social Responsibility and Environmental, Social, and Governance Initiatives We are committed to integrating positive social, environmental and ethical practices into our business operations, corporate governance, and strategy. This commitment is key to our continual development as a business and drives value for our employees, clients, business partners, the community and other stakeholders. We practice the principles established in our Code of Ethical Conduct by making positive contributions to the communities in which we operate and championing corporate social responsibility efforts. Through our focused efforts in the areas of Education, Environment, and Community, we are committed to sharing the expertise and attributes of our highly skilled global workforce to effectively support the needs of and positively add to the world at large and the communities where we work and live. By understanding our impact on local, regional and global communities, we strive to create positive change and opportunities in areas where it is needed most. From an environmental perspective, we are committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions across our operations and have established Science Based Targets initiative ( SBTi ) targets to guide our progress. Our efforts include monitoring and managing our emissions to ensure alignment with our reduction targets and implementing energy-efficient workplace practices. We also support the responsible use of electronic equipment by donating devices to those in need. To further advance our environmental objectives, we utilize an application to track and report our emissions, enabling greater transparency and accountability in our sustainability journey. 8 Table of Contents Intellectual Property Protecting our intellectual property rights is important to our business. We have invested, and will continue to invest, in research and development to enhance our knowledge, create solutions for our clients, and continuously advance our information security. We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws, trade secrets, cybersecurity, and confidentiality obligations to protect our intellectual property. We require our employees, vendors and independent contractors to enter into written agreements upon the commencement of their relationships with us, which assign to us all deliverable intellectual property and work product made, developed or conceived by them in connection with their employment or provision of services and to keep any disclosed information confidential. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with our clients and suppliers to protect information and maintain information security. Our agreements with our clients cover our use of their software systems and platforms as our clients usually own the intellectual property in the software, products, and solutions we develop for them. Furthermore, we often grant our clients a nonexclusive license to use relevant technologies in our pre-existing intellectual property portfolio, but only to the extent necessary to use the software or systems we develop for them. Our suppliers are generally bound by our supplier code of conduct, which imposes an obligation to protect our and our clients intangible assets, including confidential information, personal information, and intellectual property, and to protect the security of those assets. Regulations Due to the industry and geographic diversity of our operations and services, our operations are subject to a variety of rules and regulations. Several foreign and U.S. federal and state agencies regulate various aspects of our business. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulation and Legislation and Risks Related to Information Security and Data Protection. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, and data privacy regulations. Compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures. Corporate Information EPAM Systems, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 18, 2002. Our predecessor entity was founded in 1993. Our principal executive offices are located at 41 University Drive, Suite 202, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940 and our telephone number is 267-759-9000. We maintain a website at https://www.epam.com. Our website and the information accessible through our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make certain filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments and exhibits to those reports. These filings are available through the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically through the SEC s EDGAR System. We also make such filings available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our website, https://investors.epam.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. Listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. Additionally, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. See Forward-Looking Statements. Risks Related to Geopolitical Events Instability in geographies where we have significant operations and personnel or where we derive substantial amounts of revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, clients, service delivery, and financial results. Volatile, negative, and uncertain global macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have and could continue to reduce confidence in our business and our delivery model and in the businesses and markets served by our clients. Markets that are important for both our clients and our delivery operations are increasingly interdependent. Uncertainty about changing economic and geopolitical conditions in those markets has caused, and could continue to cause, our clients to reduce or defer their spending on new initiatives, technologies, and on our services, which negatively affects our business. 9 Table of Contents Civil, military, political, energy, and macroeconomic uncertainty exists and may increase in many of the global regions where we operate and where we derive our revenues. Our ability to counter or attenuate the negative impacts of such global forces on our business is limited. With respect to geopolitical instability, we have developed business continuity plans that are designed to ensure that we have adequate processes and practices in place to protect the safety of our people and to respond to foreseeable impacts on our delivery capabilities, but our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans, and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of prolonged, unanticipated, or multiple crises, such as civil unrest, energy instability and a pandemic in multiple geographies at the same time. Increased operations, service delivery, and hiring in existing or new geographies to counter geopolitical instability in or near our delivery operations, including in more developed economies, has and is likely to continue to increase our expenses, especially compensation expenses for technology professionals in those geographies, which could reduce the profitability of our business. Disruptions in the regions where we operate have and could continue to pose security risks to our people, our facilities, our operations, and the infrastructure we use. Further disruption could materially adversely affect our operations and financial results, cause additional volatility in the price of our stock, and reduce our profitability. If prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, or broad-based sanctions or counter-sanctions continue for the long-term or escalate in any of the countries in which we operate, we would need to further rebalance our geographic concentrations, which could have a material adverse effect on our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook. The invasion of Ukraine and the resulting war has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our personnel, business, and finances. We have significant operations and personnel in Ukraine and Belarus. Ongoing conflict and disruption in the region following Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations, personnel, business, clients, service delivery, and financial results. In particular, as of December 31, 2025, approximately 14,100 of our global delivery, administrative and support personnel were based in Ukraine and Belarus, both of which are involved in or affected by Russia s invasion of Ukraine. While a significant number of our employees from Belarus and from our former operations in Russia have relocated since the Russian invasion, we expect to continue operating in Ukraine, Belarus and in bordering Eastern Europe and Central Asia countries. All of these countries currently are, and in the future may be, adversely impacted by regional instability. Any escalation of the conflict that includes Belarus or its military could jeopardize our personnel, facilities, and operations in Belarus. In addition to a significant number of personnel and operations in Ukraine, we also own an office building in Kyiv and lease office space in a number of cities in Ukraine, all or some of which may be damaged or destroyed as a result of the continued attacks against Ukraine. The impact of any escalation on Ukraine, as well as responses by countries that provide military aid to Ukraine or institute sanctions against officials, individuals, institutions, companies, and industries in Belarus and in the annexed portions of Ukraine, and counter-responses taken by Russia and its allied countries has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations. In order to protect against potential cyberattacks or other information security threats, some of our clients have implemented steps to block internet communications with Ukraine and Belarus, which has had a material adverse effect on our ability to deliver our services from those locations to those clients. Our clients have sought and may continue to seek altered contract terms and delivery locations for the performance of services, delay planned work, seek services from competitors, or suspend, terminate, or reduce existing contracts or services, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The material adverse effects from the conflict and enhanced sanction and counter-sanctions activity have caused us to shift portions of our delivery capabilities to other countries and may continue to disrupt our delivery of services and restrict our ability to engage in certain projects or with certain clients. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the war in Ukraine, any cease fire or other end to active fighting, or their impacts in Belarus or the region because the conflict and government reactions are rapidly changing and beyond our control. If the military conflict, sanctions, and counter-sanctions in Ukraine, Belarus, and the surrounding region continue for the long-term or escalate, we could be required to further rebalance our geographic concentrations and it could have a material adverse effect on our personnel, operations, financial results and business outlook. 10 Table of Contents Risks Related to Artificial Intelligence If we are unable to keep pace with the adoption and use of AI technology in our business and effectively implement AI in our workforce planning and deployment, we could become less competitive in our industry. We have been incorporating AI into our products, services, and business, both due to client demand and because we expect that integrating AI into our services is a competitive requirement in a rapidly evolving market. We have made significant investments to build and support AI capabilities, products, and services to meet clients needs and remain competitive in our industry and expect to make additional investments in the future. If we are unable or slow to develop, adopt, and deploy AI technologies in our business, we will not remain competitive in our industry, and the growth we are expecting to realize from AI-related services may not materialize. AI technologies have changed how we identify, recruit, hire, retain, and efficiently utilize our professionals and are changing how we perform and charge for services. Our clients have asked, and may come to expect, that we use AI along with human delivery personnel to develop software for them at comparatively lower costs than software developed solely by our human delivery personnel. If comparable services can be performed less expensively using AI, clients may seek other service providers or expect price concessions to retain their business, which could adversely affect our financial results. As we plan, develop, and implement changes to our delivery model to balance those services that can only be performed by humans against those that can be performed by leveraging AI, we may have insufficient or excess delivery personnel than required by client demand. Increased Adoption of AI-Based Software Tools May Reduce Demand for Our Services Rapidly evolving digital technology innovations, such as AI, machine learning, hyperautomation, low-code/no-code application development, system observability, and predictive insights are creating new forms of competition to our services. These innovations may reduce the need for our services and the services of our clients that develop software and software-as-a-service for their end users. AI, large language model, and machine learning technologies enable clients and potential clients to develop, customize, and maintain software solutions internally and could reduce reliance on third-party service providers such as EPAM and our clients that are software product vendors. Industry-specific plug-ins and agentic features of existing AI software can perform tasks that may replace the need for specialized software to perform common business processes, such as financial analysis, due diligence, and software coding. Our current and prospective clients have and may continue to use AI-powered tools to create or modify software applications themselves, or elect to replace traditional software with agentic AI, rather than purchasing our services or licensing software from our clients. Increased competition, or the perception of increased competition, from new and non-traditional market participants like AI-based task-specific tools, has negatively impacted the price of our stock. If a significant number of our existing or future clients employ AI-driven tools as a replacement for our services or the software we build, our revenues, anticipated growth and prospects, our financial condition, and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Personnel and Growth We may be unable to effectively manage our growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management, systems, resources, and results of operations. We have experienced uneven growth and decline, expansion, and geographic shifts in our business over the past several years. Our growth and expansion have been both organic and through strategic acquisitions and investments and has resulted in part from managing larger and more complex projects for our clients and clients seeking to incorporate new technologies, such as AI, into their businesses. Consequently, we have and may continue to invest substantial amounts of cash in human capital, technology, and the infrastructure to support these projects, including training, administration, and opening facilities in existing and new geographies. Our growth has significantly slowed at times, particularly during 2023 and the first half of 2024, due to reduced client demand resulting primarily from uncertain macroeconomic conditions. Rapid growth followed by decreased demand placed significant strain on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and created and may continue to create challenges, including: recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel while balancing headcount with client requirements; balancing an increase in the number of experienced personnel that have correspondingly higher billing rates against hiring, training, and deploying less experienced personnel at the lower rates sought by clients; planning and maintaining resource utilization rates consistently and efficiently using on-site, off-site, near shore, and offshore staffing across our geographic mix of resources; 11 Table of Contents developing and maintaining close and effective relationships with potential and existing clients in a greater number of industries and locations; controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in our delivery operations and infrastructure; effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and businesses during periods of uneven client demand; and evolving our information security and our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. If clients do not choose us for large and complex projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation may be damaged and we will not realize our business and financial goals that support new investments and infrastructure projects. We have and will continue to invest in new lines of business, such as AI, expanded consulting services, and in new geographies. As we introduce new services, enter into new markets and new client relationships, and take on increasingly large and complex projects, our business will face new risks and challenges. Expansion into direct-to-consumer offerings in the highly regulated education industry and joint venture relationships with our clients could result in increased liability, start-up, and compliance costs. If the challenges associated with expansion and new investments negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified personnel to service our clients projects and we must productively utilize those personnel to remain profitable. Identifying, recruiting, hiring and retaining professionals with skill sets that meet our existing and anticipated demand across our business is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business but has become more challenging in changing economic and labor climates. If we are unable to recruit professionals with the skills required by our business and if we do not productively deploy our professionals, infrastructure, and fixed-cost resources productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. Additionally, if we are unable to effectively train existing personnel to develop new skills, our ability to win new work and implement new technologies in client projects may be impaired. We must manage the utilization levels of our professionals by effectively planning for future needs and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy, the geographies and locations where our personnel will be needed, and our clients need for our services. If we are unable to attract, hire, train, and retain highly skilled personnel and productively deploy them on client projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet our clients expectations and develop current and future business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Competition for highly skilled professionals and wage expectations is intense in the markets where we operate or plan to operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates or recruiting challenges due to such competition. If we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills and deploy those professionals at profitable rates that our clients are willing to pay, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease, as will our ability to meet emerging technological developments. Cost reductions, such as reducing headcount or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire personnel to meet our business requirements. We may be unable to increase the prices that our clients are willing to pay at a rate that is commensurate with the increasing compensation levels we need to pay to retain our existing personnel and hire new personnel, which may also have an adverse impact on our profitability. There may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of some of our personnel or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged. In several countries, some of our personnel or the personnel of companies that we acquired are retained as independent contractors. Determining whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee is typically fact sensitive, varies by jurisdiction, and is subject to interpretation. If a government authority changes the applicable laws or a court makes an adverse determination with respect to independent contractors in general or our independent contractors specifically, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, related to tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and increase the difficulty of attracting and retaining personnel. 12 Table of Contents Our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services and our succession planning efforts are ineffective. Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. If one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. If any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, they may take clients, suppliers, know-how and our personnel with them despite contractual prohibitions on such activity. Enforcing or attempting to enforce restrictive employment covenants can require significant costs and resources and is not always successful. If we are unable to attract new senior executives or key personnel due to the intense competition for talent in our industry, it could disrupt our business operations and growth. Although we regularly perform succession planning efforts and create contingencies addressing the risks of losing senior executives and other key personnel, those efforts may be ineffective when or if they are deployed. If we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently and effectively, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations individually or in the aggregate, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected. Strategic acquisitions involve significant risks but remain a key part of our growth strategy. Acquired companies may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment, we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees, businesses, company cultures, client relationships, or operations, and we may not discover significant liabilities in our due diligence or valuation processes. In addition, we may need to implement controls, processes, and policies in our acquired companies so they are consistent and appropriate with the requirements of a multi-national public company especially in areas such as financial reporting, cybersecurity, IT, and privacy, and may rely on transition services from the sellers until we are able to implement those controls, processes, and policies. Our acquired companies contracts with their clients sometimes lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, and our acquired companies legacy business operations and contract terms can expose us to potential liability. Acquisitions also divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business and from the integration of other recently acquired companies. If not effectively managed, the disruption to our ongoing business increases our expenses, including significant one-time expenses and costs related to unknown liabilities, including tax, litigation, cybersecurity, and commercial risks, and creates difficulty and complexity when integrating acquired operations that can adversely affect our overall growth and profitability. Risks Related to Our Operations Increases in wages, equity compensation, and other compensation expenses could limit our competitive advantage, increase our costs, and result in dilution to our stockholders. Wages for technology professionals in the emerging markets where we have significant operations and delivery centers are typically lower than comparable wages in more developed countries. However, wages in general, and in the technology industry in emerging markets in particular, have increased and will make us less competitive if we are not able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our people. Wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent, ordinary course pay increases, prevailing wages in a specific geography, or broader market forces, all increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability when we are not able to pass those costs on to our clients or adjust prices when justified by market demand. In addition, there are significant expenses associated with issuing equity under our stock-based compensation programs, and changes to our equity compensation practices and programs can affect our ability to attract and retain talent. Our operations in emerging markets subject us to greater economic, financial, and banking risks than we would face in more developed markets. We have significant operations in emerging market economies in Central and Eastern Europe, Latin and South America, India, Western Asia, and certain other Asian countries, all of which are more vulnerable to market and economic volatility than larger and more developed markets and present risks to our business and operations. A majority of our revenues are generated in North America and Western Europe. However, most of our personnel and delivery centers are located outside of those geographies, including in many emerging markets. This exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, compensation, purchases, capital expenditures, receivables and other balance-sheet items. As we continue to leverage and expand our global delivery model into other emerging markets, a larger portion of our revenues and incurred expenses may be in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Currency exchange volatility caused by economic instability or other factors could materially impact our results. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 13 Table of Contents We have cash in banks in countries such as Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia, India, Argentina, and Uzbekistan, where the banking sector generally does not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, bank deposits made by corporate entities are not insured, and the banking system remains subject to instability, sanctions, and changes in regulations that complicate business transactions. Some of the countries where we operate have sanctioned certain of the banks that we use in emerging market economies, which has delayed our intercompany payments and payments to vendors and could delay or prevent receipts from clients. Further elongation or escalation of the military conflict in Ukraine could contribute to a banking crisis in Ukraine, Belarus, or the region. A banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of one or more of our banks may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to complete banking transactions in that region. In addition, some countries where we operate and some banks that we use have imposed regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies within their banking systems or to other banking systems, which limits or could eliminate our ability to distribute cash from those countries across our global operations and increases our exposure to currency fluctuations and regional banking instability. Emerging market vulnerability, and especially its impact on currency exchange volatility and banking systems, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to compete successfully against others in our industry, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business. The market for our services is highly competitive and we expect competition to persist and intensify, especially as we and our competitors develop AI capabilities and specialties. We face competition from offshore IT services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house IT departments of large corporations. Clients tend to engage multiple IT services providers instead of using an exclusive IT services provider, which limits our revenues and market share and places downward pressure on pricing among competing IT services providers. Clients may prefer service providers that have more locations, more personnel, more experience in a particular country, market, or technology, or that are based in countries that are more cost-competitive or have the perception of being more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources and we may be unable to retain our clients or successfully attract new clients. Increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our business. Complying with a wide variety of legal requirements in the jurisdictions where we operate can create risks to our operations and financial condition, including liquidation of the subsidiaries that operate some of our major delivery centers. Our global operations require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, trade and foreign exchange restrictions, sanctions, inflation, unstable civil, political and military situations, labor issues, and legal systems that make it more difficult to enforce intellectual property, contractual, or corporate rights. Certain legal provisions in Belarus and Ukraine, where our local subsidiaries operate important delivery centers and employ a significant number of billable and support professionals, may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. Belarus has authorized government seizures of property and assets or the takeover of management of commercial organizations owned by or affiliated with specified foreign states if those states or their affiliated companies or actors commit actions deemed unfriendly to Belarus. If we fail to comply with certain requirements, including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can impose fines or seek the involuntary liquidation of our local subsidiaries in court, and creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims, demand early performance of legal obligations, and demand compensation for any damages. Involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The focus on environmental, social and governance topics, including commitments and disclosures we have made and may need to make, may result in additional operational costs and negative reputational impacts. Expectations from our clients, investors, employees, and regulators regarding our environmental, social, and governance, or ESG, strategy and commitments continue to evolve. As investor policy and sentiment changes, and regulations and legislation related to ESG disclosure and climate change initiatives are adopted or suspended regionally and globally, our compliance obligations may not be aligned with investor, political, or legal support for ESG investments, programs, and disclosure. Failure to invest in and comply with ESG initiatives and regulations could limit our access to certain markets, result in fines, or cause reputational harm, and commitment to ESG policies and programs could similarly harm our business and reputation with investors, clients, and the public and subject us to legal liability. Changes and differences in policy and laws in the various jurisdictions where we operate may require inconsistent disclosures and commitments across those jurisdictions, and regulations, treaties or initiatives related to climate change could result in increased operational costs associated with environmental regulations and increased compliance and energy costs, each of which could harm our business and results of 14 Table of Contents operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations. Our processes and controls may not always comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required or expected by regulation or industry norms, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. Additionally, if we are unable to meet our ESG goals and objectives, we could also face scrutiny from certain constituencies related to the scope and nature of those goals or any revisions to those goals, and we may suffer reputational harm with investors, our clients, and current or potential employees. Our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the governments of Belarus, Poland, and other countries. In Belarus, we are a member of High-Technologies Park which provides a full exemption from Belarus income and value added taxes until 2049 and reduced tax amounts on obligatory social contributions and other taxes. Poland provides a tax incentive for research and development that allows us to take enhanced deductions for specific costs for employees working on research and development projects. If the tax policies in Belarus, Poland, or other countries where we operate are changed, terminated, or not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our operating expenses and/or our effective income tax rate could increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Provision for Income Taxes. Risks Related to Regulation and Legislation Existing policy and substantial changes to fiscal, political, regulatory and other federal policies may adversely affect our business and financial results. General economic or political conditions in the U.S. could adversely affect our business. U.S. policy with respect to a variety of issues, including AI, international trade agreements, conducting business offshore, inflation mitigation, interest rates, climate change, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, immigration laws, travel restrictions, antitrust controls and enforcement, financial reporting, and corporate governance laws, could have a positive or negative impact on our business. The U.S. administration has levied tariffs, imposed economic sanctions, and created other restrictions on trade with the countries where we employ professionals and conduct significant operations and may also institute additional impediments to global trade with little or no warning. The majority of our professionals are offshore. Companies that outsource services to subsidiaries or third parties operating in other countries remain a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the U.S., which is our largest source of revenues. The U.S. administration periodically proposes and enacts rules that restrict offshore outsourcing and discourage employing non-U.S. residents in the U.S., both of which could adversely impact our business. Broadened restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies, private industry tax disincentives, including excise taxes on payments to foreign subsidiaries and personnel, intellectual property transfer restrictions, and restrictions on the use or availability of certain work visas could have a negative effect on our business. Some of our projects require our personnel to obtain visas to travel and work at client sites outside of our personnel s home countries. Our reliance on visas to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is performed makes us vulnerable to changes in the number of visas to be issued in any particular year and other work permit laws and regulations. Obtaining the required visas and work permits for the U.S. has become more lengthy and difficult. Political forces and economic conditions limiting the number of permitted applications and application and enforcement processes may cause additional delays or rejections when trying to obtain visas. Delays in obtaining visas or other work authorizations may delay the ability of our personnel to travel to meet with and provide services to our clients or to continue to provide services on a timely basis. In addition, the availability of a sufficient number of visas without significant additional costs could limit our ability to provide services to our clients on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could. Delays in or the unavailability of visas and work permits could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 15 Table of Contents We are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures. We are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to U.S. sanctions. The U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, and other domestic and international bodies have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. We are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making bribes for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under anti-bribery laws. Our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, sanctions, and other laws and regulations. The continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming, expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware. Any violations of these or other laws and regulations by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents, including third parties with which we associate or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, and fines or business restrictions, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws. Risks Related to Our Industry and Clients We generally do not have long-term commitments from our clients, our clients may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services. Loss of business or non-payment from significant clients could materially affect our results of operations. Our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our major clients and successfully obtain payment for our services is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. However, the volume of work performed for any specific client is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our clients exclusive IT services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from clients to purchase our services. We may also fail to assess the creditworthiness of our clients adequately or accurately. Our clients ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our clients inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. Although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from clients who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. Therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end. There are a number of factors relating to our clients that are outside of our control and which might lead them to terminate or not renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including: financial difficulties, including client insolvency or bankruptcy or increased global inflationary pressures and elevated interest rates; corporate restructuring, mergers, and acquisitions; our inability to complete our contractual commitments and invoice and collect our contracted revenues; change in strategic priorities or economic conditions that eliminate the impetus for the project or reduce technology-related spending; change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the client s in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors. Termination, non-renewal, or renegotiation of a client contract or delayed starts to projects cause us to experience a higher-than-expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our 16 Table of Contents headcount to paying client projects. Clients that delay payment, request modified payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations increase our cash collection time, cause us to incur bad debt expense, and cause us to incur collection expenses. The loss of any of our major clients, a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or the price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenues, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations. A substantial majority of our clients are concentrated in five industry verticals: Financial Services; Software Hi-Tech; Business Information Media; Consumer Goods, Retail Travel; and Life Sciences Healthcare. Our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from clients in these five industry verticals and other industries that we target now or in the future and also depends on trends in these industries to outsource the services we provide. A downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource IT services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of our clients have experienced lay-offs, volatile stock prices, higher borrowing costs, and lower consumer spending on products and services which has resulted in reduced spending on our services. Other developments in the industries in which we operate may increase the demand for lower cost or lower quality IT services and decrease the demand for our services or increase the pressure our clients put on us to reduce pricing. We may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, developments in the industries we serve shift client demand to new services, solutions or technology, such as AI-enabled business processes. If our clients demand new services, solutions or technologies, we may be less competitive in these new areas if we do not make significant investments to meet that demand. Additionally, as we expand into serving new industry verticals, our solutions and technology may be used by, or generally affect, a broader base of clients and end users, which may expose us to new business and operational risks. If our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable or we may not meet our profitability projections. We face a number of risks when pricing our contracts with our clients. Our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our clients and their projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility and inflation) and the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. Larger and more complex projects that involve multiple engagements or stages heighten those pricing risks because a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or delay forecasted engagements, which disrupts our planned project resource requirements. If our pricing for a project includes dedicated personnel or facilities and the client slows or stops that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other clients. Our pricing and cost estimates may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. Because of such inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels, and completion schedules. The risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed-price contracts, product licensing, and in contracts that require our client to receive a productivity benefit as a result of the services performed under the contract. Our industry is adopting, and our clients are expecting, new pricing models, especially as AI tools evolve and are integrated into business processes. If we use unproven pricing models or are unable to successfully convince clients of the value of our AI tools and expertise, we increase the risk that we could underprice a client project and the project could become less profitable than we expected or even unprofitable. If we do not adopt new pricing models, our competitors that are willing to risk trying new models may take market share from us. If we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. Any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of the services, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable. Our industry is sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general or perceived economic downturns. Given our significant revenues from North America and Europe, if those economies weaken or enter a recession, pricing for our services may be depressed and our clients may reduce or postpone their technology related spending significantly, which in turn lowers the demand for our services and negatively affects our revenues and profitability. 17 Table of Contents There is a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services. We have a long selling cycle for our services. Before potential clients commit to use our services, we must expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. Therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our clients decision to select another service provider or use in-house resources to perform the services, the timing of our clients budget cycles, and client procurement and approval processes. If our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it could negatively affect the timing of our revenues and our revenue growth. In certain cases, we begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract, which may cause fluctuations in recognizing revenues between periods or jeopardize our ability to collect payment from clients. Implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our clients and us. Our current and future clients may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential clients despite devoting significant time and resources. Any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services processes could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards, we may lose clients and our business could be materially adversely affected. Rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our products and services. Our ability to anticipate developments in our industry, enhance our existing services, develop and introduce new services, provide enhancements and new features for our products, and keep pace with changes and developments are critical to meeting changing client needs. Developing solutions for our clients is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of AI, new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. Our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes and developments is subject to a number of risks, including that: we may not be able to develop new, or update existing services, applications, tools and software quickly or inexpensively enough to meet our clients needs; we may find it difficult or costly to make existing software and products work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems; we may find it challenging to develop new, or update existing software, services, and products to keep pace with evolving industry standards, methodologies, technologies, and regulatory developments in our clients industries at a pace and cost that is acceptable to our clients; and we may find it difficult to maintain high quality levels with new technologies and methodologies. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, and the services, products, technologies or methodologies we do develop, or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. Services, products, technologies or methodologies that our competitors develop may render our services or products non-competitive or obsolete. Our failure to enhance our existing services and products and to develop and introduce new services and products to promptly address the needs of our clients could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we cause, or are perceived to have caused, disruptions to our clients businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our clients may have claims for substantial damages against us and/or our reputation may be damaged. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against such claims. Errors made by our professionals when delivering services or failures to meet our contractual obligations are disruptive to the client s business and can expose confidential or personally identifiable information to third parties. These events have resulted and could in the future result in a reduction in our revenues, damage to our reputation, and in clients terminating our engagement and making claims for substantial damages against us. Some of our client agreements do not limit our potential liability for occurrences such as breaches of confidentiality and intellectual property infringement, and we cannot generally limit the liability to third parties with which we do not have a contractual relationship. In some cases, breaches of confidentiality obligations, including protecting personally identifiable information, may entitle the aggrieved party to seek equitable remedies, including injunctive relief. Although we maintain professional liability insurance, product liability insurance, cyber incident insurance, commercial general and property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers compensation coverage, and umbrella insurance for 18 Table of Contents certain of our operations, our insurance coverage does not insure against all risks in our operations, or all claims we may face. Damage claims brought against us, claims that we initiate due to the disruption of our business, information security systems, litigation, or natural disasters, and claims from reputational damage resulting from inaccurate allegations or reporting may not be covered by our insurance, may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources even if insured. Some types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate, and we cannot insure against damage to our reputation. The assertion of one or more large claims against us, even if unsuccessful or insured, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, stock price, and results of operations. A significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or IT infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business. Our service model relies on maintaining active and stable utility connections, voice and data communications, online resource management, financial and operational record management, and our client service and data processing systems at client sites, our delivery centers, and our client management locations. Our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these technologies or systems, which could be due to software malfunction, cybersecurity attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrades, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, military action, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, government shutdowns, demands placed on internet or electrical infrastructure by users, increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. Our crisis management procedures, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of multiple or catastrophic events. Loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems cou