=== [ER] EX-99-1-Earnings-Release_vFINAL.pdf ===
Exhibit 99.1 ADVANCED DRAINAGE SYSTEMS ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER FISCAL 2026 RESULTS, INCREASES STOCK REPURCHASE AUTHORIZATION HILLIARD, Ohio – (February 5, 2026) – Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. (NYSE: WMS) (“ADS” or the “Company”), a leading provider of innovative water management solutions in the stormwater and onsite wastewater industries today announced financial results for the fiscal third quarter ended December 31, 2025. Third Quarter Fiscal 2026 Results • Net sales increased $2.8 million or 0.4% to $693.4 million • Net income increased $11.7 million or 14.3% to $94.0 million • Net income per diluted share increased $0.15 or 14.4% to $1.19 • Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) increased $17.7 million or 9.3% to $209.2 million • Adjusted Earnings per share (Non-GAAP) increased $0.18 or 16.5% to $1.27 Year-to-Date Fiscal 2026 Results • Net sales increased $85.1 million or 3.7% to $2.4 billion • Net income increased $18.8 million or 5.0% to $394.6 million • Net income per diluted share increased $0.25 or 5.2% to $5.02 • Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) increased $62.4 million or 8.8% to $774.9 million • Adjusted Earnings per share (Non-GAAP) increased $0.34 or 7.0% to $5.20 Scott Barbour, President and Chief Executive Officer of ADS commented, "We delivered our third consecutive strong quarter in a demand environment that is both challenging and mixed by geography. The Infiltrator business and Allied products portfolio grew significantly above-market as we continue to introduce new products, distribution and customer programs. Notably, profitability increased across all facets of the business, including pipe, Allied products and the Infiltrator business. We continue to strategically shift our portfolio mix towards higher margin products, which strengthens the resiliency of our business. This mix shift, in conjunction with favorable price/cost dynamics, resulted in an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 30.2% for the quarter." "Earlier this week, we closed the acquisition of NDS, a leading U.S. supplier of residential stormwater and irrigation products. NDS’ products are highly complementary to ADS’ stormwater capture portfolio and enhance our offering in both the distribution and retail channels. The combination of Advanced Drainage Systems, Infiltrator, and NDS furthers our leading, diversified brand platform in stormwater and onsite wastewater. Given the business’ strong cash generation and effective capital management strategy, we were able to complete the acquisition primarily using cash on hand." "Today, we updated our Fiscal 2026 guidance to reflect the strong year-to-date performance as well as the inclusion of NDS results for the two months remaining in the fiscal year. The end market outlook for the remainder of Fiscal 2026 reflects a challenging macroeconomic environment and mixed end market demand. We also announced a new $1 billion stock repurchase authorization, bringing our total authorization to $1.148 billion, reflecting our ongoing commitment to returning capital to shareholders in the context of our overall capital allocation strategy." Barbour concluded, "We are well positioned to continue executing on the value proposition, driving market conversion, and accelerating organic and inorganic growth while also generating free cash flow that enables the Company to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders." Third Quarter Fiscal 2026 Results Net sales increased $2.8 million, or 0.4%, to $693.4 million, as compared to $690.5 million in the prior year quarter. Domestic pipe sales decreased $12.9 million, or 3.8%, to $326.7 million. Domestic allied products & other sales increased $14.1 million, or 9.4%, to $164.7 million. Infiltrator sales increased $2.9 million, or 1.9%, to $152.9 million, primarily due to growth in tanks and ad vanced 1 treatment products. The overall increase in domestic net sales was primarily driven by growth in the Company's core non-residential construction end market. International sales decreased $1.3 million, or 2.5%, to $49.1 million. Gross profit increased $17.6 million, or 7.3%, to $259.2 million as compared to $241.6 million in the prior year. The increase in gross profit is primarily driven by volume growth, favorable price/cost, and favorable mix of Allied products and Infiltrator. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $8.0 million, or 7.9% to $108.7 million, as compared to $100.8 million. As a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expense was 15.7% as compared to 14.6% in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by transaction costs associated with the acquisition of National Diversified Sales ("NDS"), as described below. Net income per diluted share increased $0.15, or 14.4%, to $1.19, as compared to $1.04 per share in the prior year quarter, primarily due to the factors mentioned above. Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) increased $17.7 million, or 9.3%, to $209.2 million, as compared to $191.5 million in the prior year, primarily due to the factors mentioned above. As a percentage of net sales, Adjusted EBITDA was 30.2% as compared to 27.7% in the prior year. Segment sales results are based on Net sales to external customers. Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures for Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Earnings per Share have been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Year-to-Date Fiscal 2026 Results Net sales increased $85.1 million, or 3.7%, to $2,373.6 million, as compared to $2,288.5 million in the prior year. Domestic pipe sales decreased $17.1 million, to $1,155.3 million. Domestic allied products & other sales increased $40.6 million, or 7.9%, to $551.1 million. Infiltrator sales increased $70.0 million, or 15.9%, to $511.0 million. Excluding the acquisition of Orenco, Infiltrator organic revenue increased 5.4%. The overall increase in domestic net sales was primarily driven by growth in the core non-residential and residential construction end markets. International sales decreased $8.4 million, or 5.1%, to $156.2 million. Gross profit increased $61.7 million, or 7.1%, to $929.7 million as compared to $868.0 million in the prior year. The increase in gross profit is primarily driven by favorable volume, price/cost and mix of construction market and Infiltrator sales, partially offset by unfavorable fixed cost absorption as we

=== [ES] additional_1.html ===
Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. - Events and Presentations - Investor Presentations Skip to main content Skip to main content Contact Us Find a Rep 1-800-821-6710 Main Site Search Perform Nav Pipe Main Navigation Pipe Single Wall Dual Wall Residential and Specialty --> Water Management Solutions Main Navigation Water Management Solutions Water Quality Detention / Infiltration Onsite Leach Geosynthetics Inlets, Basins and Manholes Specialty Fittings --> Markets Main Navigation Markets Agriculture Airports Ports Federal Military Commercial Mixed Use Healthcare Education Landfill Mining Parking Residential Sports Turf Golf Timber Transportation --> Resources Main Navigation Resources Pro Resources Product Documentation FAQS ADS Design Studio Video Library --> Find A Rep Start a Project 1-800-821-6710 Start a Project Investor Overview Why Invest Investor Factsheet Stock Info Stock Quote and Chart Dividend History Press Releases Events and Presentations Events Calendar Investor Presentations Financials Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings Interactive Analyst Center Governance Overview Board of Directors Management Committee Composition ABOUT ADS call 1.800.821.6710 Start a Project Home > Events and Presentations > Investor Presentations Start a Project Investor Overview Why Invest Investor Factsheet Stock Info Stock Quote and Chart Dividend History Press Releases Events and Presentations Events Calendar Investor Presentations Financials Quarterly Results Annual Reports SEC Filings Interactive Analyst Center Governance Overview Board of Directors Management Committee Composition ABOUT ADS About ADS News & Media Investors Careers International Investor Presentations Latest Presentation Presentation Archive Selecting a year value will change the presentation content Select year: Loading... Investor Alerts To receive notifications via email, enter your email address and select at least one subscription below. After submitting your information, you will receive an email. You must click the link in the email to activate your subscription. You can sign up for additional subscriptions at any time. * Required Email Address * Mailing Lists * Press Releases Events Presentations SEC Filings End of Day Stock Quote Enter the code shown above. * Unsubscribe Email Alert Sign Up Confirmation Investor Contact 4024 Green Stripe Lane, Hilliard, OH 43026 (800)733-7473 investorrelations@ads-pipe.com Interactive Analyst Center Interactive Analyst Center 1-800-821-6710 Label for select Select ADS Pipe Sustainability Nyloplast Stormtech Pro Resources Pro Resources Engineers Contractors Distributors Homeowners Drainage Handbook About Us About Us About ADS StormTech and Nyloplast News Press Commitment To Service Sustainability Partners Investors --> International Sites Careers Careers Join Our Team Label for select Select ADS-Pipe.com © 2018 Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. | 4024 Green Stripe Lane, Hilliard, OH 43026 | Third Party Code of Conduct | Terms Conditions | Statement of Limited Warranty | Sitemap Powered By Q4 Inc. 5.179.1.3 (opens in new window)

=== [ES] Ex-99-2-Q3FY26_vFINAL.pdf ===
Q3 Fiscal 2026 Financial Results February 5, 2026 Management Presenters Scott Barbour President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Cottrill Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Craig Taylor President, Infiltrator Mike Higgins Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations 2 Forward Looking Statements and Non - GAAP Financial Metrics Forward Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release may be deemed to be forward - looking statements. These statements are not historical fac ts but rather are based on the Company’s current expectations, estimates and projections regarding the Company’s business, operations and other factors relating thereto. Words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “anticipate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward - looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those reflected in forward - looking statements relating to our operations and business include: fluctuations in the price and ava ilability of resins and other raw materials, new tariff and international trade policies, and our ability to pass any increased costs of raw materials and tariffs on to our customers; disruption or volatil ity in general business, political and economic conditions in the markets in which we operate; cyclicality and seasonality of the non - residential and residential construction markets and infrastructure spending; th e risks of increasing competition in our existing and future markets; uncertainties surrounding the integration and realization of anticipated benefits of acquisitions or doing so within the intended timeframe , including our ability to successfully integrate NDS into our business; risks that the acquisition of NDS may involve unexpected costs, liabilities, risks that the cost savings and synergies from the acquisition of NDS may not be fully realized; the effect of any claims, litigation, investigations or proceedings; the effect of weather or seasonality; the loss of any of our significant customers; the risks of doing business internationally; the risks of conducting a portion of our operations through joint ventures; our ability to expand into new geographic or product markets; the risk associated with manufacturing processes; the effects of global climate change and any related regulatory responses; our ability to protect against cybersecurity incidents and disruptions or failures of our IT systems; our ability to assess and m onitor the effects of artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics and blockchain or other new approaches to data mining on our business and operations; our ability to manage our supply purchasing and customer cre dit policies; our ability to control labor costs and to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees and key personnel; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; changes in laws and re gul ations, including environmental laws and regulations; our ability to appropriately address any environmental, social or governance concerns that may arise from our activities; the risks associated with our cu rrent levels of indebtedness, including borrowings under our existing credit agreement and outstanding indebtedness under our existing senior notes; and other risks and uncertainties described in the Co mpa ny’s filings with the SEC. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for the Company to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward - look ing statements contained in this press release. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward - looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regar ded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the Company’s expectations, objectives or plans will be achieved in the timeframe anticipated or at all. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Company’s forward - looking statements and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward - looking statements, whether as a result of new informa tion, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Non - GAAP Financial Measures This presentation includes references to Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow, non - GAAP financial measures. These non presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are not intended to be substitutes for those reported in accordance with GA financial measures used by other companies, even when similar terms are used to identify such measures. - GAAP financi al measures are used in addition to and in conjunction with results AP. Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow may be different from non - GAAP EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non - GAAP financial measures that comprise net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock - based compensation, non - cash charges and certain other expenses. The Company’s definition of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from similar measures used by other companies, even when similar terms are used to identify such measures. Adjusted EBITDA is a key metric used by management and the Company’s board of directors to assess financial performance and evaluate t he effectiveness of the Company’s business strategies. Accordingly, management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as the Company’s management and board of directors. In order to provide investors with a meaningful reconciliation, the Company has provided reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to net income. Free Cash Flow is a non - GAAP financial measure that comprises cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures. Fre directors to assess the Company’s ability to generate cash. Accordingly, management believes that Free Cash Flow provides us ability to generate cash flow from operations after capital expenditures. e Cash Flow is a measure used by management and the Company’s board of efu l information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our 3 CEO Highlights Q3 Fiscal 2026 Revenue Sales • Allied product revenue increased 9% driven by growth of key products: StormTech chambers, Nyloplast basins, Water Quality. Flat $541 $540 +2% $150 $153 ADS L