=== KLAC_2025-08-08.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A description of factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or operating results is provided below. 10 Table of Contents Risk Factors Summary The following summarizes the most material risks that make an investment in our securities risky or speculative. If any of the following risks occur or persist, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed and the price of our common stock could significantly decline. Commercial, Operational, Financial and Regulatory Risks • Our vulnerability to a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy; • Risks related to our international operations; • Laws, rules, regulations or other orders that may limit our ability to sell our products or provide service on products previously sold to certain customers; • Tariffs and other trade restrictions; • IP disputes can be expensive and could result in an inability to sell our products in certain jurisdictions; • Differing stakeholder expectations, requirements and attention to ESG matters, including any targets or other ESG initiatives, could result in additional costs or risks or adversely impact our business; • We may be unable to attract, onboard and retain key personnel; • Reliance on third-party service providers could result in disruptions if such third parties cannot perform services for us in a timely manner; • Cybersecurity incidents could result in the loss of valuable information or assets or subject us to costly disruption, remediation, regulatory investigations, litigation and reputational damage; • We may face disruptions if we cannot access critical information in a timely manner due to system failures; • We may not find suitable acquisition candidates or fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions; • Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, public health crises, acts of terrorism or war or other catastrophic events, and the lack of insurance thereof, could significantly disrupt our operations, including affecting the global supply chain, for lengthy periods of time; • We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and the market values of our portfolio investments; • We are subject to tax and regulatory compliance audits; • Economic, political or other conditions in the jurisdictions where we earn profits can impact the tax laws and taxes we pay in those jurisdictions, subsequently impacting our effective tax rate, cash flows and results of operations; • Increased compliance costs with federal securities laws, rules, and regulations, as well as NASDAQ requirements; and • Changes in accounting pronouncements and laws could have unforeseen effects. Industry Risks • We may not be able to keep pace with trends and technological changes in the industries in which we operate; • We have a highly concentrated customer base; • Prevailing local and global economic conditions may negatively affect the purchasing decisions of our customers; and • We are exposed to risks related to the use of AI by us and our competitors. Business Model and Capital Structure Risks • We may not be able to maintain our technology advantage or protect our proprietary rights; • We may not be able to compete with new products introduced by our competitors; • We may not receive components necessary to build our products in a timely manner; • We may fail to operate our business in a manner consistent with our business plan; • We may fail to comply with the covenants in our Revolving Credit Facility (defined below) and Senior Notes (defined below), which could impair our ability to borrow needed funds, or require us to repay debt sooner than we planned; • We may not have sufficient financial resources to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due, and our leveraged capital structure may divert resources from operations and other corporate uses; • We may not be able to declare cash dividends at all or in any particular amounts; • Risks related to our commercial terms and conditions, including our indemnification of third parties, as well as the performance of our products; 11 Table of Contents • Our government funding for R&D is subject to termination, audit and any further penalties; • We may incur significant restructuring charges or other asset impairment charges or inventory write-offs; • We are subject to risks related to receivables factoring arrangements, and compliance risk of certain settlement agreements with the government; and • Our Amended and Restated Bylaws (“Bylaws”) designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole forum for certain actions, which may discourage claims against the Company. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. Commercial, Operational, Financial and Regulatory Risks We are exposed to risks associated with a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy. Demand for our products is ultimately driven by the global demand for electronic devices by consumers and businesses. Economic uncertainty frequently leads to reduced consumer and business spending, and can cause our customers to decrease, cancel or delay their equipment and service orders. The tightening of credit markets, rising interest rates and concerns regarding the availability of credit can make it more difficult for our customers to raise capital, whether debt or equity, to finance their purchases of capital equipment, including the products we sell. Reduced demand, combined with delays in our customers’ ability to obtain financing (or the unavailability of such financing), has, at times in the past, adversely affected our product and service sales and revenues and, therefore, has harmed our business and operating results, and our operating results and financial condition may again be adversely impacted if economic conditions decline from their current levels. In addition, a decline in the condition of the global financial markets could adversely impact the market values or liquidity of our investments. Our investment portfolio includes corporate and government securities, money market funds and other types of debt and equity investments. Although we believe our portfolio continues to be comprised of sound investments due to the quality and (where applicable) credit ratings of such investments, a decline in the capital and financial markets or rising interest rates would adversely impact the market value of our investments and their liquidity. If the market value of such investments were to decline, or if we were to have to sell some of our investments under illiquid market conditions, we may be required to recognize an impairment charge on such investments or a loss on such sales, either of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. If we are unable to timely and appropriately adapt to changes resulting from difficult macroeconomic conditions, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. A majority of our annual revenues are derived from outside the U.S., and we maintain significant operations outside the U.S. We are exposed to numerous risks as a result of the international nature of our business and operations. We expect these conditions to continue in the foreseeable future. Managing global operations and sites located throughout the world presents a number of challenges, including, but not limited to: • Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies, including the ability to obtain required import and export licenses, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes; • Political and social attitudes, laws, rules, regulations and policies within countries that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies, including customer- or government-supported efforts to promote the development and growth of local competitors; • Ineffective or inadequate legal protection of IP rights in certain countries; • Managing cultural diversity and organizational alignment; • Exposure to the unique characteristics of each region in the global market, which can cause capital equipment investment patterns to vary significantly from period to period; • Periodic local or international economic downturns; • Potential adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and higher effective income tax rates in foreign countries where we do business; • Compliance with customs regulations in the countries in which we do business; • Existing and potentially new tariffs or other trade restrictions and barriers (including those applied to our products, spare parts and services, or to parts and supplies that we purchase); 12 Table of Contents • Political instability, geopolitical tensions, natural disasters, legal or regulatory changes, acts of war such as the wars between Russia and Ukraine and the military conflicts in the Middle East and further escalation thereof, or terrorism in regions where we, our customers or our suppliers have operations or where we or they do business; • Rising inflation and fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates may adversely impact our ability to compete on price with local providers or the value of revenues we generate from our international business. Although we attempt to manage some of our near-term currency risks through the use of hedging instruments, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be adequate; • Slowing growth, increased unemployment changes in fiscal and/or monetary policies in the countries where we operate; • Our ability to receive prepayments for certain of our products and services sold in certain jurisdictions. These prepayments increase our cash flows for the quarter in which they are received. If our practice of requiring prepayments in those jurisdictions changes or deteriorates, our cash flows would be harmed; • Required refunds for customer prepayments resulting from our inability to ship to certain jurisdictions, especially for customers in China, as described in more detail below. If we are required to make such refunds, our cash flows could be negatively affected; • Longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable outside of the U.S.; • Difficulties in managing foreign distributors (including monitoring and ensuring our distributors’ compliance with applicable laws); and • Inadequate protection or enforcement of our IP and other legal rights in foreign jurisdictions. Any of the factors above could have a significant negative impact on our business and results of operations. Over the past several years, there have been a variety of rules and regulations issued by Commerce that have had an impact on our ability to sell certain products and provide certain services to certain customers in China. These rules and regulations may significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods, unless we are able to obtain required licenses. We maintain significant operations outside the United States, and existing and evolving trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. and other governments could significantly disrupt our global operations. The U.S. government has tightened export controls for commodities, software, and technology (collectively, “items”) destined to China over the past several years. These controls have included, for example, restrictions on exporting certain items to military end users and for military end uses, the addition of numerous entities to the U.S. Entity List (a list of parties that are generally ineligible to receive U.S.-regulated items without prior licensing from Commerce), and the creation of new licensing requirements that apply to the export, re-export, and transfer of certain foreign-made items that are the direct product of U.S. origin technology or produced by a plant or major component of a plant that itself is the direct product of U.S. origin technology and which are destined to Huawei or its affiliates and other specified companies on the U.S. Entity List, and other facilities in China where the production of advanced node IC occurs. In October 2022, Commerce published the 2022 BIS Rules (the “2022 BIS Rules”) that introduced restrictions related to semiconductor, semiconductor manufacturing, supercomputer, and advanced computing items and end uses. These rules impose restrictions on our ability to sell, ship and support certain equipment and otherwise conduct business with certain counterparties, primarily including China-based companies involved in advanced semiconductor manufacturing. Further, the 2022 BIS Rules impose restrictions on the activities of U.S. persons with respect to certain items that are not subject to the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”), which departs from Commerce’s typical practice of controlling items that are subject to the EAR, and could further restrict our ability to conduct business in China. In October 2023, Commerce issued the 2023 BIS Rules (the “2023 BIS Rules”) designed to update export controls on advanced computing semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment, as well as items that support supercomputing applications and end-uses, to certain D1, D4 and/or D5 countries in Supplement No. 1 of Part 740 of the U.S. EAR, including China. The 2023 BIS Rules adjust the parameters included in the 2022 BIS Rules that determine whether an advanced computing chip is restricted and impose new measures to address risks of circumvention of the controls established by the 2022 BIS Rules. In December 2024 and January 2025, Commerce again issued incremental 2024 BIS Rules and 2025 BIS Rules, adding even more companies to the U.S. Entity List and revising the definition of advanced DRAM, further restricting our ability to provide certain items and services to facilities in China producing advanced DRAM ICs. Commerce may continue to add China-based entities to the U.S. Entity List and impose other end use or end user export restrictions, which could disrupt or prevent our product shipment, and further disrupt our revenue recognition, business operations and our ability to support our customers in China. 13 Table of Contents These rules and regulations may significantly harm our business unless we are able to obtain required licenses. We will continue to apply for export licenses, when required, in an effort to avoid disruption to our and our customers’ operations, but there can be no assurance that export licenses applied for by either us or our customers, now or in the future, will be granted. To the extent Commerce does issue licenses to us or to our customers, such licenses may have a short duration or require us to satisfy various conditions. If pending and future export license applications are not granted, or additional restrictions are imposed, or if regulators adopt new interpretations of existing regulations, the potential impact on us could be material by disrupting our supply chain and product shipment, impairing our ability to complete product development in a timely manner, or our ability to support existing customers of covered products or supply customers of covered products outside the impacted regions, and requiring us to transition certain operations out of one or more of the identified countries. Failure to obtain export licenses have harmed and could continue to harm our backlog, requiring us to return substantial deposits received from customers in China for purchase orders, and/or further limiting our ability to meet our contractual obligations and sell our products or provide services to our customers in China. In addition, the U.S. export restrictions on semiconductors and semiconductor technology to China and Chinese customers may reduce the need for our products and make it easier for our China-based competitors to develop and sell their own products and take market share from us. We may lose revenue in future periods related to anticipated sales to customers in China unless we are able to replace their orders with other customer orders for which either an export license has been obtained or is not required. Our revenue from sales of products and provision of services to customers in China was 33%, 43% and 27% for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and future revenue from China as a percentage of our overall revenue may decline as a result of the current and future Commerce rules and regulations. Additionally, the Chinese government has adopted, and may further adopt, new regulations, in response to U.S. government actions, which could adversely affect our ability to do business in China. We have controls and procedures designed to maintain compliance with U.S. and other applicable export control laws and regulations; however, we cannot guarantee that such controls and procedures will be successful in preventing violations or allegations of violations, of increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations worldwide. The complexity and evolving nature of the rules and regulations, and the fact that Commerce or other relevant regulators might adopt interpretations of regulations that differ from those of the Company, increase our risk of non-compliance. Any violations by us of applicable export laws and regulations could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, including fines and criminal proceedings against the Company or responsible employees, a denial of export privileges, suspension or debarment. Our employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties with whom we work may also engage in conduct for which the Company might be held responsible. We could face significant compliance, litigation or settlement costs and diversion of management’s attention from our business as a result. Further, the Company may be subject to negative publicity or reputational harm, resulting in reduced demand for our products, employee attrition and other negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Recently announced and future U.S. tariffs or other restrictions placed on imports, retaliatory trade measures taken by other countries and resulting trade wars may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a number of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., on a country and industry-specific basis (including aluminum, copper and steel). While some of the U.S. Tariffs have been paused, certain U.S. Tariffs are currently in effect, including a base tariff on nearly all imports into the U.S., certain reciprocal tariffs by country, and certain sectoral tariffs on copper, aluminum and steel, among others. In retaliation to the tariffs imposed on U.S. imports, a number of other countries announced reciprocal tariffs on goods imported from the U.S. While most countries paused their reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imported goods, those reciprocal tariffs could be reinstated at any time. Tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods imported into the U.S. and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods imported into those countries may continue to evolve. In April 2025, Commerce announced the initiation of investigations into the effects on U.S. national security of imports of semiconductors under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. The scope of the investigations include semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment and their derivative products including semiconductor substrates and bare wafers, legacy chips, leading-edge chips, microelectronics and other components. While the results of the investigations are currently unknown, they may result in additional tariffs and trade restrictions which may adversely impact our business. The U.S. Tariffs have increased our cost of revenues due to the increase in the cost of importing foreign sourced components to our U.S. facilities to build the products that we manufacture in the U.S. Tariffs imposed on U.S. goods by other countries may harm demand for our products from customers in those regions, or may cause our customers in those regions to push out or cancel previously placed purchase orders. In addition, we have had to return deposits given to us by our customers upon cancellation of their purchase orders. Moreover, tariffs can make it difficult for us and our customers and suppliers to 14 Table of Contents make and execute business and capital equipment investment plans or increase supply chain complexity, which may have an impact on our ability to source the materials necessary to manufacture our products. Our efforts to address these risks, such as through operational adjustments and pricing strategies, may not be successful. Such efforts may need time to take effect and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Unless rescinded or exemptions apply, tariffs and any escalations in the trade war could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We might be involved in claims or disputes related to IP or other confidential information that may be costly to resolve, prevent us from selling or using the challenged technology and seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. As is typical in the industries in which we serve, from time to time we have received communications from other parties asserting the existence of patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights or other IP rights which they believe cover certain of our products, processes, technologies or information. In addition, we occasionally receive notification from customers who believe that we owe them indemnification or other obligations related to IP claims made against such customers by third parties. With respect to IP infringement disputes, our customary practice is to evaluate such infringement assertions and to consider whether to seek licenses where appropriate. However, there can be no assurance that licenses will be granted or, if granted, will be on acceptable terms or that costly litigation or other administrative proceedings will not occur. The inability to obtain necessary licenses or other rights on reasonable terms could seriously harm our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we may potentially be subject to claims by customers, suppliers or other business partners, or by governmental law enforcement agencies, related to our receipt, distribution and/or use of third-party IP or confidential information. Legal proceedings and claims, regardless of their merit, and associated internal investigations with respect to IP or confidential information disputes are often expensive to prosecute, defend or conduct; may divert management’s attention and other Company resources; and/or may result in restrictions on our ability to sell our products, settlements on significantly adverse terms or adverse judgments for damages, injunctive relief, penalties and fines, any of which could have a significant negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of future legal proceedings, claims or investigations. The instigation of legal proceedings or claims, our inability to favorably resolve or settle such proceedings or claims, or the determination of any adverse findings against us or any of our employees in connection with such proceedings or claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our business reputation. We are exposed to various risks related to the legal, regulatory and tax environments in which we perform our operations and conduct our business. We are subject to various risks related to compliance with laws, rules and regulations enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries in which we operate and with which we must comply, including environmental, safety, antitrust, anti-corruption/anti-bribery, unclaimed property, conflict minerals and other responsible sourcing practices, economic sanctions and export control regulations. We have policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with applicable laws, but there can be no assurance our policies and procedures will prove completely effective in ensuring compliance by all our personnel, business partners and representatives, for whose misconduct we may under some circumstances be legally responsible. Our failure or inability to comply with existing or future laws, rules or regulations in the countries in which we operate could result in government investigations and/or enforcement actions, which could result in significant financial cost (including investigation expenses, defense costs, assessments and criminal or civil penalties), reputational harm and other consequences that may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to conduct our business. For instance, in response to the war between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S., European Union and other countries have imposed sanctions against Russia, Belarus and certain other regions, entities and individuals, and may impose additional sanctions, export controls or other measures. The imposition of sanctions, export controls and other measures could adversely impact our business including preventing us from performing existing contracts, recognizing revenue, pursuing new business opportunities or receiving payment for products already supplied or services already performed with customers. Additionally, we are subject to various domestic and international environmental laws and regulations, including those that control and restrict the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage, and disposal of certain chemicals, gases and other substances. Current and proposed restrictions on per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”) may negatively impact our supply chain due to potentially decreased availability, or non-availability, of PFAS-containing products or commercially feasible alternatives. Any failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations or requirements may subject us to a range of consequences, including fines, suspension of certain of our business activities, limitations on our ability to sell our products, obligations to remediate environmental contamination, and criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. Some of these laws impose strict liability for certain releases, which may require us to incur costs regardless of fault or the legality of 15 Table of Contents actions at the time of release. In addition, changes in environmental laws and regulations (including any relating to climate change and GHG emissions) could require us, or others in our value chain, to install additional equipment, alter operations to incorporate new technologies or processes, or revise process inputs, among other things, which may cause us to incur significant costs or otherwise adversely impact our business performance. Various agencies and governmental bodies have expressed particular interest in promulgating rules relating to climate change or other sustainability matters. For example, policymakers in the European Union, the State of California and elsewhere have adopted, or are considering adopting, various legal requirements on disclosures or other actions on certain climate or other sustainability matters. We also face increasing complexity in our manufacturing, product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and prospective requirements relating to the composition of our products, including restrictions on lead and other substances and requirements to track the sources, production methods, or provenance of certain metals and other materials. The cost of complying, or failing to comply, with these and other regulatory requirements or contractual obligations could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to conduct our business. From time to time, we may receive inquiries, subpoenas, investigative demands or audit notices from governmental or regulatory bodies, or we may make voluntary disclosures, related to legal, regulatory or tax compliance matters, and these matters may result in significant financial cost (including investigation expenses, defense costs, assessments and criminal or civil penalties), reputational harm and other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may be subject to new or amended laws, including laws that conflict with other applicable laws, which may impose compliance challenges and create the risk of non-compliance. In addition, we may from time to time be involved in legal proceedings or claims regarding employment, immigration, contracts, product performance, product liability, antitrust, ESG, IP, export controls, cybersecurity and data privacy, tax, securities, unfair competition and other matters. These legal proceedings and claims, regardless of their merit, may be time-consuming and expensive to prosecute or defend, divert management’s attention and resources, and/or inhibit our ability to sell our products. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of current or future legal proceedings or claims, which could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to operate our business. Differing expectations, requirements and attention to ESG matters from our stakeholders, including any targets or other ESG initiatives, could result in additional costs or risks or adversely impact our business. Certain investors, capital providers, shareholder advocacy groups, other market participants, customers and other stakeholder groups have focused on companies’ ESG initiatives, including those regarding climate ch

=== KLAC_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Other than the risk factors listed below, there have been no material changes in our risk factors since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Refer to “Risk Factors” contained in Part I Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 for a complete description of our risk factors. Any of these risks, as well as risks unknown to us or that we believe are currently immaterial, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Over the past several years, there have been a variety of rules and regulations issued by Commerce that have had an impact on our ability to sell certain products and provide certain services to certain customers in China. These rules and regulations may significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods, unless we are able to obtain required licenses. We maintain significant operations outside the United States, and existing and evolving trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. and other governments could significantly disrupt our global operations. The U.S. government has tightened export controls for commodities, software, and technology (collectively, “items”) destined to China over the past several years. These controls have included, for example, restrictions on exporting certain items to military end users and for military end uses, the addition of numerous entities to the U.S. Entity List (a list of parties that are generally ineligible to receive U.S.-regulated items without prior licensing from Commerce), and the creation of new licensing requirements that apply to the export, re-export, and transfer of certain foreign-made items that are the direct product of U.S. origin technology or produced by a plant or major component of a plant that itself is the direct product of U.S. origin technology and which are destined to Huawei or its affiliates and other specified companies on the U.S. Entity List, and other facilities in China where the production of advanced node IC occurs. In October 2022, Commerce published the 2022 BIS Rules (the “2022 BIS Rules”) that introduced restrictions related to semiconductor, semiconductor manufacturing, supercomputer, and advanced computing items and end uses. These rules impose restrictions on our ability to sell, ship and support certain equipment and otherwise conduct business with certain counterparties, primarily including China-based companies involved in advanced semiconductor manufacturing. Further, the 2022 BIS Rules impose restrictions on the activities of U.S. persons with respect to certain items that are not subject to the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”), which departs from Commerce’s typical practice of controlling items that are subject to the EAR, and could further restrict our ability to conduct business in China. In October 2023, Commerce issued the 2023 BIS Rules (the “2023 BIS Rules”) designed to update export controls on advanced computing semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment, as well as items that support supercomputing applications and end-uses, to certain D1, D4 and/or D5 countries in Supplement No. 1 of Part 740 of the U.S. EAR, including China. The 2023 BIS Rules adjust the parameters included in the 2022 BIS Rules that determine whether an advanced computing chip is restricted and impose new measures to address risks of circumvention of the controls established by the 2022 BIS Rules. In December 2024 and January 2025, Commerce again issued incremental 2024 BIS Rules and 2025 BIS Rules, adding even more companies to the U.S. Entity List and revising the definition of advanced DRAM, further restricting our ability to provide certain items and services to facilities in China producing advanced DRAM ICs. In September 2025, Commerce released an interim final rule that further expands export control restrictions and licensing requirements for foreign entities 50% or more directly or indirectly owned by one or more listed parties on the U.S. Entity List, Military End-User List, and certain entities on the Specially Designated Nationals and Block Persons List, which Commerce has labeled the “Affiliates Rule.” The new rule increases compliance requirements with the EAR by imposing on exporters, re-exporters, and transferors of items subject to the EAR a responsibility to know the ownership of the parties to a transaction. In November 2025, the BIS suspended the Affiliates Rule for one year until November 2026. Commerce may continue to add China-based entities to the U.S. Entity List and impose other end use or end user export restrictions, which could disrupt or prevent our product shipment, and further disrupt our revenue recognition, business operations and our ability to support our customers in China. These rules and regulations may significantly harm our business unless we are able to obtain required licenses. We will continue to apply for export licenses, when required, in an effort to avoid disruption to our and our customers’ operations, but Table of Contents there can be no assurance that export licenses applied for by either us or our customers, now or in the future, will be granted. To the extent Commerce does issue licenses to us or to our customers, such licenses may have a short duration or require us to satisfy various conditions. If pending and future export license applications are not granted, or additional restrictions are imposed, or if regulators adopt new interpretations of existing regulations, the potential impact on us could be material by disrupting our supply chain and product shipment, impairing our ability to complete product development in a timely manner, or our ability to support existing customers of covered products or supply customers of covered products outside the impacted regions, and requiring us to transition certain operations out of one or more of the identified countries. Failure to obtain export licenses has harmed and could continue to harm our backlog, requiring us to return substantial deposits received from customers in China for purchase orders, and/or further limiting our ability to meet our contractual obligations and sell our products or provide services to our customers in China. In addition, the U.S. export restrictions on semiconductors and semiconductor technology to China and Chinese customers may reduce the need for our products and make it easier for our China-based competitors to develop and sell their own products and take market share from us. We may lose revenue in future periods related to anticipated sales to customers in China unless we are able to replace their orders with other customer orders for which either an export license has been obtained or is not required. Our revenue from sales of products and provision of services to customers in China was 33%, 43% and 27% for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and future revenue from China as a percentage of our overall revenue may decline as a result of the current and future Commerce rules and regulations. Additionally, the Chinese government has adopted, and may further adopt, new regulations, in response to U.S. government actions, which could adversely affect our ability to do business in China. We have faced delays and could face additional delays or denials in the export of our tools by regulatory agencies for national security or other regulatory concerns in the countries in which we do business, which could negatively affect our results of operations and timing of revenue recognition. We have controls and procedures designed to maintain compliance with U.S. and other applicable export control laws and regulations; however, we cannot guarantee that such controls and procedures will be successful in preventing violations or allegations of violations, of increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations worldwide.