=== SBUX_2026-01-26.htm.gz ===
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a -6 (e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 STARBUCKS CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fees paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Starbucks 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement 2026 STARBUCKS CORPORATION Table of Contents Table of Contents Voting YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. Shareholders of record of Starbucks Corporation as of the close of business on January 16, 2026 (the record date ), are entitled to vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ), or at adjournments or postponements thereof. Please carefully review the proxy materials and follow the instructions below to cast your vote as promptly as possible, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. BY INTERNET: Locate the control number on your proxy card or voting instruction form and access the voting website indicated. Your proxy card or voting instruction form may also include a QR code that you can use to access the voting website with your mobile phone. BY TOLL -FREE TELEPHONE: Depending on how you hold your shares, you may be able to vote by telephone. If your proxy card or voting instruction form includes a toll -free number, you can use that number to vote by telephone. You will need the control number located on your proxy card or voting instruction form. BY MAIL: If you received your proxy materials by mail, you may mark, sign, date, and promptly return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the postage -paid envelope provided. Items of business PROPOSAL Board Voting Recommendation Page Reference (For More Detail) MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS 1. To elect the 11 directors named in this proxy statement FOR each director nominee 10 2. To approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers ( say-on-pay ) FOR 37 3. To ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR 84 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 4. Shareholder proposal requesting supermajority shareholder voting requirements be replaced with majority voting requirements NO RECOMMENDATION 86 5. Shareholder proposal requesting adoption of an independent board chair policy AGAINST 89 6. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on the Company s apparent exclusion of detransitioning in its healthcare coverage AGAINST 91 7. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on median compensation and benefits gaps as they address reproductive and gender dysphoria care AGAINST 93 8. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on the Company s use of diagnostic tools created by politicized corporate partners AGAINST 95 9. Shareholder proposal requesting a report on the risks of the Company excluding religious charities from its employee-gift match program AGAINST 97 Shareholders will also transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Attending the Annual Meeting There will not be a physical location for the Annual Meeting. Instead, shareholders may participate in the Annual Meeting via a live webcast. You are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting if you were a shareholder as of the close of business on the record date or hold a valid proxy for the meeting. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SBUX2026, you must enter the 16 -digit control number found next to the label Control Number on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card, or voting instruction form, or in the email sending you the Proxy Statement. If you are a beneficial shareholder, you may contact the bank, broker, or other institution where you hold your account if you have questions about obtaining your control number. i STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY Table of Contents We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting before it begins. Online check -in will start approximately 30 minutes before the meeting begins. If you have difficulty accessing the meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted on www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SBUX2026 30 minutes prior to the meeting start time. Technicians will be available to assist you. Participation in the Annual Meeting may be limited due to the capacity of the host platform. Access to the meeting will be granted on a first -come , first -served basis once electronic entry begins. We will also make guest viewing of the Annual Meeting available to anyone interested at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SBUX2026. Guests may view the proceedings but will not be able to vote or ask questions. You do not need to attend or view the Annual Meeting to vote if you submit your proxy in advance. PROXY MATERIALS ASKING QUESTIONS We will send this notice, the accompanying proxy statement, the form of proxy card, and our Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report, or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, beginning on or about January 26, 2026, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on the record date. Shareholders may submit a question before or during the meeting using the Ask a Question box located on the virtual meeting website and clicking the Send button. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MARCH 25, 2026 The proxy statement and Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report to shareholders are available at our Investor Relations website at http://investor.starbucks.com or at www.proxyvote.com, free of charge. Please carefully review the proxy materials and follow the instructions to promptly cast your vote. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please cast your vote as soon as possible so we can ensure we have a quorum. Joshua C. Gaul vice president, assistant general counsel, and corporate secretary Starbucks Corporation 2401 Utah Avenue South Seattle, Washington 98134 January 26, 2026 ii STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Table of Contents This proxy statement includes forward -looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this proxy statement other than statements of historical fact, including statements relating to trends in or expectations relating to the expected effects of our initiatives, strategies, and plans, as well as trends in or expectations regarding our financial results, costs and expenses, dividend issuances and share repurchases, and long -term growth model and drivers, and regarding our business strategy and plans such as our Back to Starbucks strategy, and our objectives for future operations are forward -looking statements. Words such as believes , expects , anticipates , estimates , intends , plans , seeks , or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as will , should , could , may , aims , intends , or projects , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward -looking statements, although not all forward -looking statements contain these identifying words. We have based these forward -looking statements largely on our current assumptions, expectations, and projections about future events and trends. These statements are subject to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience or from our current expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties related thereto include, but are not limited to, the risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2025. New risks periodically emerge. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward -looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this proxy statement may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward -looking statements. You should not rely upon forward -looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward -looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward -looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results. We assume no obligation to update or alter any of these forward -looking statements after the date of this proxy statement, except as may be required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward -looking statements. Information referenced in this proxy statement The content of the websites and documents referred to in this proxy statement are not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. iii STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Table of Contents Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS i To our shareholders 1 Company overview 3 Fiscal Year 2025 Business Highlights 3 Path Forward: Back to Starbucks 5 PROXY SUMMARY 6 Board Highlights 7 Shareholder Engagement 9 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 10 Starbucks Board of Directors 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 20 Board Structure 20 Ongoing Commitment to Board and Committee Refreshment 22 Director Independence 22 Role of Our Board Committees 22 Audit and Compliance Committee 23 Compensation and Management Development Committee 24 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 25 Board Oversight 26 Board Practices and Policies 29 Shareholder Engagement 29 Board and Committee Evaluations 31 Our Director Nomination Process 31 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 33 Corporate Governance Materials Available on the Starbucks Website 34 Contacting the Board of Directors 35 Compensation of Directors 35 PROPOSAL 2 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 37 Executive Compensation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 PROPOSAL 3 RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 84 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 84 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 85 Audit Committee Report 85 Proposals 4-9 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 86 Proposal 4 Shareholder Proposal Requesting Supermajority Shareholder Voting Requirements be Replaced with Majority Voting Requirements 86 Proposal 5 Shareholder Proposal Requesting Adoption of an Independent Board Chair Policy 89 Proposal 6 Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Report on the Company s Apparent Exclusion of Detransitioning in its Healthcare Coverage 91 Proposal 7 Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Report on Median Compensation and Benefits Gaps as they Address Reproductive and Gender Dysphoria Care 93 Proposal 8 Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Report on the Company s Use of Diagnostic Tools Created by Politicized Corporate Partners 95 Proposal 9 Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Report on the Risks of the Company Excluding Religious Charities from its Employee-Gift Match Program 97 STOCK OWNERSHIP 99 Equity Compensation Plan Information 99 Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 100 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 101 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 102 Expenses of Solicitation 102 Internet Voting 102 Internet Availability of Annual Meeting Materials 102 Proposals of Shareholders 102 Shareholder Director Nominations for Inclusion in Starbucks Proxy Materials (Proxy Access) 103 Shareholders Sharing the Same Address 103 Annual Report to Shareholders on Form 10-K 103 Other Business 103 INFORMATION ABOUT VOTING 104 Attendance, Asking Questions, and Voting at the Annual Meeting 104 Voting Information 105 APPENDIX A NON-GAAP MEASURES A-1 iv STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Dear fellow shareholders, In October 2024, we set a clear goal to turn the business around by getting Back to Starbucks. To build on the strengths of this iconic brand and focus on what sets us apart. High quality coffee, hand crafted by skilled green apron partners and served in warm and welcoming community spaces, with a moment of human connection. At the center of that commitment was one idea to be the world s leading customer service company. To do that, we re putting the customer back at the center of every decision. And we know that great customer service starts with a great partner experience. That s why we re investing in our partners to ensure Starbucks remains a great place to work. When our partners succeed and our coffeehouses thrive, customers see and feel the difference. Through fiscal year 2025, we stuck to a clear plan, did the work, and we made a lot of progress. Some of that progress has been visible, while other parts helped fix the foundations of our business so we can better innovate and grow in fiscal year 2026. We cut complexity, strengthened our foundation, accelerated efforts where we saw opportunity, and brought real improvements to life for our customers and partners. We made it easier to run our coffeehouses. We launched new tools like Green Dot Assist and Smart Queue, improved speed and consistency, and brought Green Apron Service to life in every North American coffeehouse to create more moments of connection and to deliver an exceptional customer experience. We invested deeply in our partners. Bigger rosters. Better training. Smarter staffing and scheduling. Enhanced benefits and stronger opportunities for career growth. We revamped our marketing leaning into our brand, stepping back from promotions and discounts, and reclaiming our place in culture. We innovated in menu, with new flavors and health forward offerings like protein. We started uplifting our coffeehouses to bring back warmth, comfort, and great seats. And we continued to grow digital engagement, with Starbucks Rewards reaching record membership. 1 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY Table of Contents And we made tough decisions. We reset our North American coffeehouse portfolio. We significantly streamlined our support organization, adding clearer decision making and accountability. We prioritized our work and investments to maximize the impact closest to our coffeehouses. And strong execution and deep partnership with our licensees helped many key international markets return to good growth. As a result, revenue grew year -over-year . And in the fourth quarter, we delivered positive global comparable sales for the first time in seven quarters. Brand affinity accelerated and customer engagement scores grew. Partner engagement improved and hourly partner turnover reached record lows. This momentum shows we re making real progress and that our turnaround is taking hold. And it gives me confidence in our future. Confidence in our strategy, in our partners, and in what we can deliver together. Looking ahead to fiscal year 2026 and beyond, our ambition is clear. When we operate at our best, our coffeehouses feel like the community s third place. Our caf s, mobile order, and drive thru channels deliver with speed, quality, and connection. Our menu and marketing lead culture. Our digital experiences create real fandom. And every partner sees a pathway to grow a long and meaningful career. Starbucks at its best is about great coffee and the moments of connection we create through every cup we serve. Something the world needs now more than ever. Thank you for your trust and support. Together, we are building the best Starbucks yet. A company that offers its best to every customer. A company that offers unmatched opportunity to our partners. A company that creates real impact in every community we serve. A company that grows responsibly. And a company that delivers strong, long -term returns for our shareholders. On we go, Brian Niccol chairman and chief executive officer Starbucks Coffee Company 2 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Table of Contents FISCAL YEAR 2025 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS In this proxy statement, Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as Starbucks Coffee Company, Starbucks, the Company, we, us, or our. Also, at Starbucks and in this proxy statement, we refer to our employees as partners and we refer to our consumer -facing retail locations as coffeehouses or stores . When we refer to the Company s fiscal year, we mean the annual period ending on the Sunday closest to September 30 of the stated year. Information in this proxy statement for 2025 generally refers to our 2025 fiscal year, which was from September 30, 2024, through September 28, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 ). Since 1971, Starbucks Coffee Company has been committed to responsibly sourcing and roasting high -quality arabica coffee. Today, with a global footprint of more than 40,000 company -operated and licensed coffeehouses and a growing presence in consumer -packaged goods, we are the world s premier purveyor of specialty coffee. Through our unwavering commitment to excellence and our guiding principles, we bring the unique Starbucks Experience to life for every customer through every cup. Our financial results in fiscal year 2025 showed progress on our Back to Starbucks strategy as we work to rebuild a stronger Starbucks. While consolidated net revenues increased over the preceding year, operating margin contracted and earnings per share ( EPS ) declined. These results were driven primarily by restructuring costs associated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization, deleverage, investments in support of Back to Starbucks, and inflation. We expect that the macroeconomic challenges we have been experiencing, including impacts from new tariffs and dynamic coffee prices, will continue. However, we are encouraged by the results we have seen from our Back to Starbucks strategy, including our return to positive global comparable store sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025 for the first time in seven quarters. We believe we are taking the right actions for the present and the future, specifically by investing in coffeehouse partners, uplifting the coffeehouse experience through disciplined capital deployment, introducing new food and beverage platforms, reimagining the Starbucks rewards program, and enhancing support for our licensee partners. 3 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY Table of Contents Business highlights (1) Financial Update Partner and Coffeehouse Improvements Company Portfolio Consolidated net revenues increased 3% primarily driven by incremental revenues from net new company-operated stores over the past 12 months, an increase in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance, and incremental revenue from the acquisition of 23.5 Degrees Topco Limited, a U.K. licensed business partner, partially offset by a decrease in comparable store sales and a decline in our licensed store business. Global comparable store sales declined 1%, driven by a 2% decline in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 1% increase in average ticket. Consolidated operating margin under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) contracted to 7.9%, primarily driven by restructuring costs associated with the closure of coffeehouses and simplification of our support organization, deleverage, investments in support of our Back to Starbucks strategy, which were largely in labor hours, and inflation, while non-GAAP consolidated operating margin (in constant currency) contracted to 9.9%. (2) GAAP EPS and non-GAAP EPS (in constant currency) declined 51% and 35%, respectively, over prior year. (2) We focused on ensuring we remain the best job in retail with competitive pay and industry-leading benefits worth together on average $30 per hour for U.S.-based coffeehouse partners. This year, we saw more than 2,000 partners graduate from Arizona State University (bringing our total graduates to 18,000) with tuition paid fully by Starbucks, we increased hours per partner, and we continued record-low, industry-leading turnover. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, we hosted over 14,000 coffeehouse leaders from across North America at our largest ever Leadership Experience, a three-day conference where we announced the expansion of the Assistant Store Manager Role across North America company-operated stores. We continued the rollout of our Green Apron Service model across the U.S. company-operated portfolio and continued to invest in staffing in our coffeehouses, with 85% of our partners achieving their preferred hours. We increased paid parental leave to up to 18 weeks for all benefits eligible U.S.-based coffeehouse partners. Our global store count reached more than 40,000 stores, and we opened our first coffeehouse in Iceland, marking our 89th market globally. Since the end of fiscal year 2025, we entered an agreement to form a joint venture with Boyu Capital, under which Boyu Capital will hold up to a 60% interest in Starbucks retail operations in China, and Starbucks will retain a 40% interest and continue to own and license the Starbucks brand and intellectual property to the new entity. Channel Development continued to amplify our brand with Starbucks remaining a market leader in both the total U.S. At-Home Coffee and Ready-To-Drink categories. We opened our first Spain flagship store inside Real Madrid s Santiago Bernab u Stadium. (1) Year-over-year growth is based on a 52-week basis. (2) Appendix A includes a reconciliation of non-GAAP consolidated operating margin and non-GAAP EPS to the most directly comparable measure reported under GAAP as well as information regarding how these measures are calculated. 4 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY COMPANY OVERVIEW Table of Contents Shareholder returns Starbucks returned $2.8 billion of capital to shareholders in fiscal year 2025 through dividends. We remain committed to our dividend approach, long -term growth, and shareholder returns. We recently recognized our 15th consecutive annual dividend increase, with a compound annual growth rate of approximately 17.5%. Key Financial and Operational Results Consolidated Net Revenues $37.2B +3% year-over-year Consolidated Operating Margin -710 bps year-over-year 7.9% Consolidated Non -GAAP Operating Margin -500 bps year-over-year on a constant currency basis 9.9% * EPS -51 % year-over-year $1.63 * Non -GAAP EPS -35 % year-over-year on a constant currency basis $2.13 * Global Store Count 40,990 +2% year-over-year * Appendix A includes a reconciliation of non-GAAP consolidated operating margin and non-GAAP EPS to the most directly comparable measure reported under GAAP, as well as information regarding how these measures are calculated. Year-over-year growth is based on a 52-week basis. U.S. Starbucks Rewards Members (90-day active) 34.2M +1% year-over-year PATH FORWARD: BACK TO STARBUCKS We are focused on bringing customers back to our coffeehouses and returning to growth. Our Back to Starbucks strategy includes supporting our green apron partners, enhancing the customer experience, being the community coffeehouse, positioning our brand to lead in culture, and sharing our coffee story. This strategic reset provides us with the opportunity to assess the business and refocus our efforts, including capital allocation priorities, efficiency efforts, and store growth initiatives. We remain confident in the strength of our brand and believe the new action plans will position the Company for sustainable long -term growth. Offer the best job in retail We are the premier customer service company and the unrivaled best employer in retail Be the world s greatest customer service company We deliver an exceptional green apron experience with world-class coffee, innovative beverage and food platforms, and relevant digital experiences Be the community coffeehouse We build coffeehouses that deliver the access and experiences that customers want Be visible, relevant, growing, and loved everywhere We are visible, relevant, and valued. We own the coffeehouse experience and inspire the human spirit 5 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY COMPANY OVERVIEW Table of Contents 6 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY Table of Contents BOARD HIGHLIGHTS Starbucks director nominees The following tables provide summary information about our director nominees. All director nominees are independent except for Brian Niccol, our chairman and chief executive officer. Our board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR each of our 11 director nominees. Additional information regarding our director nominees, including experience, qualifications, skills, and other attributes, begins on page 11. Committee Memberships Name Principal Occupation Age Director Since Audit and Compliance Committee Compensation and Management Development Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Ritch Allison Former Chief Executive Officer and Director, Domino s Pizza, Inc. 58 2019 Andy Campion Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Unrivaled Sports and former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Nike, Inc. 54 2019 Beth Ford President and Chief Executive Officer, Land O Lakes, Inc. 61 2023 J rgen Vig Knudstorp* Deputy Chair, LEGO Foundation (LEGO Group Owner entity), board member Nike Inc. Former Chief Executive Officer, LEGO Group and Executive Chair, the LEGO Brand Group 57 2017 Marissa Mayer Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Dazzle AI Inc., Former Chief Executive Officer, Yahoo! Inc. 50 2025 Neal Mohan Chief Executive Officer, YouTube 52 2024 Dambisa Moyo Co-Principal, Versaca Investments 57 2025 Brian Niccol Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Starbucks Corporation 52 2024 Daniel Servitje Executive Chair, Grupo Bimbo SAB de CV 66 2024 Mike Sievert Vice Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer, T-Mobile US, Inc. 56 2024 Wei Zhang Former Senior Advisor and President, Alibaba Pictures Group 55 2023 Member Committee Chair Audit Committee Financial Expert * J rgen Vig Knudstorp was appointed lead independent director of the board, effective upon the completion of the 2025 Annual Meeting. 7 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Table of Contents Experience/Qualifications/Skills/Attributes 8 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Table of Contents SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Starbucks believes that strong corporate governance involves year -round engagement with our shareholders. We have a long -standing , robust shareholder outreach program that solicits feedback on our corporate governance, executive compensation program, disclosure practices, and responsible business policies and practices. Members of management and our board participate in shareholder engagement and receive shareholder feedback on an ongoing basis throughout the year. We also review our corporate governance practices against evolving industry trends and stakeholder expectations, including guidelines published by shareholders and proxy advisory firms. Annually, our shareholder outreach effort is generally conducted by a cross -functional team that draws from our investor relations, law and corporate affairs, coffee, and compensation teams, and other business teams, as relevant. Additionally, our ceo and cfo engage in meaningful dialogue with our shareholders through our quarterly earnings calls and investor -related outreach events. Please see page 29 for additional details regarding our shareholder engagement. 9 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Table of Contents WHAT AM I VOTING ON? The election of 11 director nominees. BOARD RECOMMENDATION The Starbucks board of directors recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of each of the following individuals nominated by the board: Ritch Allison Andy Campion Beth Ford J rgen Vig Knudstorp Marissa Mayer Neal Mohan Dambisa Moyo Brian Niccol Daniel Servitje Mike Sievert Wei Zhang Our board currently has 11 members, all of whom were elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting, except Marissa Mayer and Dr. Dambisa Moyo, who were appointed to the board effective June 25, 2025. All 11 current directors are nominated and will stand for reelection at the Annual Meeting, to serve until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors have been elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation, or removal from the board. 10 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY Table of Contents STARBUCKS BOARD OF DIRECTORS We believe that our directors should have a wide range of qualifications, including demonstrated integrity, a record of personal accomplishments, a commitment to participation in board activities, and other attributes discussed below under the header Our Director Nomination Process on page 31. We also endeavor to have a board that represents a range of qualifications, skills, and depth of experience in areas that are relevant to and contribute to the board s oversight of the Company s global activities. The board regularly evaluates the qualifications, skills, and experiences that are important for our directors in light of the evolving circumstances facing the Company. Some of the qualifications and skills we currently consider to be important are summarized below: Board Skills Matrix Skills, Qualifications, and Experience Allison Campion Ford Knudstorp Mayer Mohan Moyo Niccol Servitje Sievert Zhang PUB Public Company Board Experience: Directors who have served on other public company boards can offer advice and perspective with respect to board dynamics and operations, relations between the board and Starbucks management, corporate governance, executive compensation, risk management, oversight, and relations with shareholders. SNR Senior Leadership Experience: We believe it is important for our directors to possess senior leadership experience by having served in senior leadership roles or on the board of directors at other organizations. Directors with senior leadership experience are uniquely positioned to contribute practical insight into business strategy and operations and to support the achievement of strategic priorities and objectives. Such experience also demonstrates strong ability to motivate and manage others, identify and develop leadership qualities in others, and manage organizations, all of which enable directors to drive maximum impact through their service on the board. BRD Brand Marketing Experience: We seek directors with brand marketing experience because of the importance of image and reputation in the specialty coffee business and our objective of maintaining Starbucks standing as a brand. FIN Financial/Capital Allocation Experience: As a large public company, Starbucks is committed to strong financial discipline, effective allocation of capital, an appropriate capital structure, risk management, legal, and regulatory compliance, and accurate disclosure practices. We believe that directors who have senior financial leadership experience at large global organizations and financial institutions, and directors who are experienced allocators of capital, are instrumental to Starbucks success. HCM Human Capital Management Experience: At Starbucks, our people are one of our most valuable assets. We seek directors with experience managing and developing large global workforces so that we can continue to execute on our mission and values. INT International Operations Distribution Experience: Starbucks has a strong international presence with over 40,000 stores in 89 markets around the globe. Accordingly, we value international operations and distribution experience, especially as we continue to expand globally and develop new channels of distribution. IND Industry Experience: As the premier roaster, marketer, and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, we seek directors who have knowledge of and experience in the consumer products, retail, and food and beverage industries, which is useful in understanding our product development, retail, and licensing operations. CCE Corporate Citizenship Experience: We believe that directors who have experience in promoting and upholding responsible corporate citizenship help Starbucks to effectively manage risk and further long-term value creation for shareholders while staying aligned with our mission and values. ENV Environmental/Climate Change Experience: We value directors with experience in environmental and climate change topics who strengthen the board s oversight and ensure that we pursue a sustainable and responsible business model as part of our efforts to advance our strategic business imperatives and create long-term value for shareholders. TEC Technology Experience: Our business has become increasingly complex as we have enhanced our offerings, expanded our global footprint, and increased our online customer ordering capabilities. This increased complexity requires a sophisticated level of technology resources and infrastructure as well as technological expertise. In addition, as a consumer retail company, we seek directors who have digital and social media experience, which can provide insight and perspective with respect to our various business functions. GOV Governmental Public Policy Experience: We seek directors with domestic and international experience and public policy experience to help us address significant public policy issues, adapt to different business and regulatory environments, and facilitate our work with various governmental entities and non-governmental organizations all over the world. This experience is particularly relevant during times of increased volatility in global politics and economics. 11 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Starbucks director nominees snapshot 12 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Board Recommendation The Board recommends you vote FOR each of the 11 Starbucks nominees Nominees Set forth below is certain information furnished to us by the director nominees. There are no family relationships among any of our current directors or executive officers. Four of 11 of our director nominees are female and five of our director nominees are part of an underrepresented community. Ritch Allison AGE 58 DIRECTOR SINCE 2019 FAVORITE DRINK Flat White INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND RICHARD E. ALLISON, JR., served as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors of Domino s Pizza, Inc. ( Domino s ), the largest pizza company in the world based on global retail sales, from 2018 until 2022, and then served as a senior advisor until his retirement later in 2022. He joined Domino s in 2011 as Executive Vice President of International and then served as President of Domino s International from 2014 to 2018. During the period that Mr. Allison led the international division and served as Chief Executive Officer, Domino s expanded by more than 20 countries and grew by more than 8,000 stores. Prior to joining Domino s, Mr. Allison worked at Bain Company, Inc. ( Bain ) for more than 13 years, serving as a Partner from 2004 to 2010, and as co-leader of Bain s restaurant practice. EDUCATION Mr. Allison holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and an MBA degree from the University of North Carolina s Kenan-Flagler Business School. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Throughout Mr. Allison s extensive experience in the restaurant industry, he has cultivated a deep understanding of large- and small-scale operations, strategic planning initiatives, market development objectives, packaging and recycling initiatives, and other critical elements of steering a global restaurant chain. The growth of the Domino s global brand under Mr. Allison s direction highlights his strong leadership capabilities and dedication to excellence qualities that he brings to his role as director. COMMITTEES Compensation (chair) Audit SKILLS BRD CCE ENV FIN HCM IND INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Kenvue, Inc. (since 2023) Domino s Pizza, Inc. (2018-2022) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Member of the Board of Trustees, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 13 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Andy Campion AGE 54 DIRECTOR SINCE 2019 FAVORITE DRINK Nonfat Latte with Sugar Free Vanilla Protein Foam INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND ANDREW CAMPION currently serves as Executive Chairman and CEO of Unrivaled Sports, a fast-emerging premium youth sports portfolio of businesses. He served in executive leadership roles at Nike, Inc. ( Nike ), a multinational athletic footwear company, from 2007 until his departure in April 2024, including as Managing Director, Nike Strategic Ventures, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and head of global strategy. Prior to Nike, Mr. Campion spent over 11 years with The Walt Disney Company, ultimately serving as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development after holding leadership and management roles across global strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, financial planning and analysis, operations planning, investor relations, and tax. EDUCATION Mr. Campion earned a B.A. in Economics at UCLA and an M.B.A. from UCLA s Anderson School of Management. He also earned a Juris Doctor and master s degree in taxation from the University of San Diego. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE As the former chief operating officer and former chief financial officer of a large multinational company, Mr. Campion has a broad range of leadership experience in the public company sector, including overseeing global brand and business growth strategies, operational excellence, talent and team development, and enterprise financial management. His background in finance and law enables him to provide unique macro- and micro-level insights into business decisions and their potential impact on the Company s strategic objectives. Mr. Campion also has a deep knowledge of investor relations. COMMITTEES Audit (chair) Compensation SKILLS BRD CCE ENV FIN HCM IND INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Paramount Skydance Corporation (since 2026) Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (since 2024) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Director, Los Angeles 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games Director, Vuori, Inc. Operating Partner, The Chernin Group (former) Beth Ford AGE 61 DIRECTOR SINCE 2023 FAVORITE DRINK Grande Vanilla Americano INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND BETH FORD serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Land O Lakes, Inc. ( Land O Lakes ), a Fortune 200 food production and agribusiness company that is also a century-old farmer-owned cooperative. Land O Lakes operates Land O Lakes Dairy Foods, Purina Animal Nutrition, WinField United, and Truterra and has a presence in more than 60 countries. Ms. Ford joined Land O Lakes in 2011 and held a variety of roles across all businesses before becoming chief executive officer in 2018. She is a passionate advocate on behalf of farmers and rural America with the goal of connecting people, particularly in urban areas, to the farmers and rural communities who grow their food. In addition, she is the convener of The American Connection Project to help bridge the digital divide. Ms. Ford s career of over 35 years spans six industries at seven companies. She was inducted into the Supply Chain Hall of Fame by the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) in 2022. EDUCATION Ms. Ford holds a bachelor s degree from Iowa State University and a master s degree in business from Columbia Business School. She received a Doctor of Humane Letters honorary degree from Iowa State University in 2022. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Ford has extensive leadership experience in food and agribusiness, as well as over 35 years in supply chain operations across multiple industries. As the chief executive officer of a farmer-owned cooperative, she knows the challenges that small and large farmers face, including the challenges related to climate change. Ms. Ford also brings experience in operating multiple consumer-facing brands and managing a complex, multinational enterprise. Through her prior service on the boards of other publicly traded companies, Ms. Ford is able to leverage her valuable knowledge and provide particular insight into corporate governance and responsible business considerations. As a member of the board of directors of the Business Roundtable, she has well-developed acumen in a wide variety of public policy issues linked to business and the economy. COMMITTEES Nominating/Governance (chair) SKILLS BRD CCE ENV FIN GOV HCM IND INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS PACCAR, Inc. (2015-2022) BlackRock, Inc. (2021-2022) OTHER AFFILIATIONS The American Connection Project Board of Directors, Business Roundtable Member of Board of Advisors, Columbia University Business School 14 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents J rgen Vig Knudstorp AGE 57 DIRECTOR SINCE 2017 LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR FAVORITE DRINK Pike Place Special Reserve INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND J RGEN VIG KNUDSTORP is currently Deputy Chair of the LEGO Foundation and Chair of BrainPOP Education, all organizations supporting children s development and learning. From 2023 through 2024, he served as Special Partner to the LEGO Brand Owner Family, KIRKBI Group, the holding company for LEGO Brand and the LEGO Group (among other activities) responsible for brand and business development. From 2017 to 2023, Mr. Knudstorp served as Executive Chairman of the LEGO Brand Group, owner of the LEGO brand. From 2004 to 2016, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the LEGO Group. He previously held various leadership positions at the LEGO Group from 2001 to 2004, including Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs Vice President, Strategic Development Senior Director, Global Strategic Development Alliance Management, and Director, Strategic Development. Prior to joining the LEGO Group, Mr. Knudstorp served as a Management Consultant at McKinsey Company, a management consulting firm, from 1998 to 2001. EDUCATION Mr. Knudstorp earned master s and Ph.D. degrees in economics from rhus University. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Knudstorp brings to the board his top executive leadership experience at one of the world s most renowned toy manufacturers, which has a highly recognizable brand and a record of innovation. His extensive global leadership experience provides the board with unique insights and knowledge of brand and digital marketing, strategy, consumer products, development and nurturing of human capital and organizational culture and values, finance, capital allocation, international operations and distribution, and formation and management of strategic alliances. In addition, Mr. Knudstorp brings experience in building an authentic brand in the context of across responsible business considerations and product and employee experiences. COMMITTEES None SKILLS BRD CCE ENV FIN HCM IND INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Nike, Inc. (since 2025) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Director, The LEGO A/S Group (Former) Director, Merlin Entertainment Group (Former) Marissa Mayer AGE 50 DIRECTOR SINCE 2025 FAVORITE DRINK Summer Berry Blast INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND MARISSA MAYER is Chief Executive Officer of Dazzle AI, Inc., a technology startup company based in Palo Alto, California, that uses artificial intelligence to develop consumer-facing applications for automating everyday tasks. She previously served as Chief Executive Officer at Sunshine AI from 2018 to 2025 and as Chief Executive Officer, President, and a member of the Board of Directors of Yahoo!, Inc., from 2012 to 2017. At Yahoo!, she led a transformation of the company rejuvenating its culture, growing to more than 1 billion users worldwide, and reinventing Yahoo! s business. Before joining Yahoo!, Ms. Mayer spent 13 years at Google, Inc., from 1999 to 2012, as an early employee and the first woman engineer. For more than a decade, she led product management for Google Search, Google Maps, Google News, and other consumer products, holding various roles of increasing responsibility including Vice President, Local, Maps and Location Services, and Vice President, Search Products and User Experience. She previously served on the boards of private companies Maisonette, Forward Health, and Sunshine Products, Inc., and on non-profit boards including SFMOMA and the Foundation for the Forum of Young Global Leaders at the World Economic Forum. EDUCATION Ms. Mayer holds a bachelor s degree in Symbolic Systems with a concentration in artificial intelligence and a master s degree in computer science with a focus on artificial intelligence, both from Stanford University. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Mayer brings to the board an impactful blend of technical acumen and corporate leadership, combined with a proven track-record of customer-centric innovation, making her a valuable asset in guiding the company s future growth. With over two decades of experience driving innovation, consumer engagement, and digital transformation, Ms. Mayer s deep expertise in consumer technology, product design, and data-driven strategy aligns with Starbucks ambitions to enhance its digital ecosystem and customer experience. COMMITTEES Nominating/Governance SKILLS BRD CCE FIN HCM INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Walmart Inc. (since 2012) AT T Inc. (since 2024) Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. (2024-2025) Hilton Hotels Corporation (since 2025) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Trustee, San Francisco Ballet Association 15 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Neal Mohan AGE 52 DIRECTOR SINCE 2024 FAVORITE DRINK Cortado INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND NEAL MOHAN has served as Chief Executive Officer of YouTube, which is used by over two billion people across the globe to watch and share video, access information, build community, and shape culture, since February 2023. Before his appointment as CEO, Mr. Mohan served as the company s Chief Product Officer from 2015 to February 2023, where he was responsible for YouTube products, user experience, and trust and safety on all platforms and devices globally. Prior to joining YouTube, he was Senior Vice President of Display and Video Ads at Google from 2008 to 2015. In this role, Mr. Mohan was responsible for the company s ad products on YouTube, the Google Display Network, AdSense, AdMob, and DoubleClick, which are used by millions of Google s advertising and media partners around the world. Before joining Google, Mr. Mohan was Senior Vice President of Strategy and Product Development at DoubleClick from 2005 to 2008, where he built the company s strategic plan, rapidly grew the business, and helped pioneer the digital media industry. Mr. Mohan played a critical role in the sale of DoubleClick to Google and subsequently led the integration. EDUCATION Mr. Mohan earned an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar. He holds a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Mohan s experience has given him valuable insights into the opportunities and challenges confronting consumer-facing companies as they seek to innovate for long-term growth and navigate evolving consumer preferences. Likewise, Mr. Mohan s extensive background in marketing enables him to provide strategic guidance about maintaining and bolstering Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. COMMITTEES Compensation SKILLS BRD FIN HCM INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS 23AndMe Holding Co. (2021-2024) Stitch Fix, Inc. (2020-2023) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Member, Council on Foreign Relations Trustee, The Paley Center for Media Advisory Council Member, Stanford University Graduate School of Business Dambisa Moyo AGE 57 DIRECTOR SINCE 2025 FAVORITE DRINK Venti Cafe Latte with Almond Milk INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND DAMBISA MOYO has served as co-principal of Versaca Investments, a family office focused on growth investing globally, since she co-founded the firm in 2021. She is a global economist and commentator analyzing the macroeconomy and international affairs. Since 2008, Dr. Moyo has been engaged in researching, speaking, and writing about international macroeconomics. She was Chief Executive Officer of Mildstorm LLC, a financial and economics firm, from 2015 to 2021. Prior to that, she worked at Goldman Sachs and at the World Bank. In addition, she is a member of the House of Lords (United Kingdom), sitting as Baroness Moyo of Knightsbridge. EDUCATION Dr. Moyo holds a doctorate in economics from St. Anthony s College, Oxford, an MPA from Harvard University, and both an MBA and bachelor s degree in chemistry from American University. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Dr. Moyo brings to the board a strong global perspective, a deep understanding of economic policy, and a commitment to responsible development. This experience uniquely positions her to advise on Starbucks strategy and support our mission to create economic opportunities and uplift communities worldwide. COMMITTEES Audit Nominating/Governance SKILLS CCE ENV FIN GOV INT PUB SNR OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Chevron Corporation (since 2016) 3M Company (2018-2023) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Director, Conde Nast Trustee, National Geographic Society Investment Committee Member, Oxford University Endowment Fund Member, Linklaters International Advisory Group 16 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Brian Niccol AGE 52 DIRECTOR SINCE 2024 FAVORITE DRINK Americano INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND BRIAN NICCOL has served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Starbucks since September 2024. Mr. Niccol joined Starbucks after leading Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. ( Chipotle ) through a period of growth and transformation. He served as a director and as Chipotle s Chief Executive Officer from 2018 until 2024 and assumed the role of Chairman in March 2020. During that time, he more than doubled the business by establishing Chipotle as a culinary leader, pioneering digital innovation, introducing exciting new menu offerings, and expanding internationally. He also helped improve the experience of Chipotle s people by focusing on strengthening culture and development. Before joining Chipotle, Mr. Niccol served as Chief Executive Officer of Taco Bell, a division of Yum! Brands, Inc., from 2015 to 2018, after having served as Taco Bell s President from 2013 to 2014 and Chief Marketing and Innovation Officer from 2011 to 2012. Mr. Niccol also served in leadership roles at Pizza Hut, another division of Yum! Brands, from 2005 to 2011. He began his career in brand management at Procter and Gamble. EDUCATION Mr. Niccol holds a bachelor s degree from Miami University in Ohio and an MBA from the University of Chicago s Booth School of Business. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Niccol is a proven leader with a record of delighting customers, driving innovation, building culturally relevant brands, and ensuring operational excellence. He s recognized for his focus on people and for nurturing strong and creative company cultures. He brings to the Company and board more than 25 years in leadership, marketing, and operations roles for some of the world s most respected brands. COMMITTEES None SKILLS BRD CCE FIN HCM IND INT PUB SNR OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Walmart Inc. (since 2024) Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (2020-2024) KB Home (2021-2024) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Trustee, Harbor Day School (Former) Daniel Servitje AGE 66 DIRECTOR SINCE 2024 FAVORITE DRINK Grande Cappuccino INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND DANIEL JAVIER SERVITJE MONTULL has served as the Executive Chair of the Board for Grupo Bimbo SAB de CV ( Grupo Bimbo ) since June 2024. Mr. Servitje joined Grupo Bimbo, a multinational food company listed on the Mexican Stock Exchange, in 1976, and served as its chairman of the board from 2013 until his retirement in June 2024. He previously served as Grupo Bimbo s President and Chief Executive Officers from 1997 until 2013. Grupo Bimbo holds more than 100 brands and 13,000 different products in 34 countries around the world and employs more than 148,000 associates. During his time in senior leadership at Grupo Bimbo, Mr. Servitje has presided over and helped to drive Grupo Bimbo s progress on responsible business environmental and social and community impact matters. EDUCATION Mr. Servitje has a B.A. degree from Universidad Iberoamericana and an MBA from Stanford University. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Servitje brings extensive executive leadership experience acquired by serving as the head of a multinational food giant for decades. He is uniquely positioned to advise on the challenges and opportunities facing companies, like Starbucks, that are seeking to provide an unparalleled experience and build a superior brand reputation as an international consumer-facing food business. Mr. Servitje s experience enables him to offer nuanced and actionable guidance on matters affecting various facets of Starbucks business. COMMITTEES Audit Nominating/Governance SKILLS BRD CCE ENV FIN HCM IND INT PUB SNR OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Grupo Bimbo SAB de CV (since 1990) Coca-Cola FEMSA SAB de CV (1998-2022) CitiBanamex (1996-2022) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Chairman, Corporaci n Aura Solar Co-Chair, Consejo Mexicano de Negocios Director, Mexican Institute for Competitiveness Director, Latin America Conservation Council 17 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Mike Sievert AGE 56 DIRECTOR SINCE 2024 FAVORITE DRINK Venti Dark Roast INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND MICHAEL SIEVERT is the former Chief Executive Officer and current vice chairman of the board of directors of T-Mobile US, Inc. ( T-Mobile ), one of the world s largest telecommunications companies. He served as Chief Executive Officer from April 2020 through October 2025. Mr. Sievert previously served as President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director of T-Mobile from 2018 to 2020, as Chief Operating Officer from 2015 to 2018, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer from 2012 to 2015. Prior to joining T-Mobile, Mr. Sievert held senior executive positions at Discovery Bay Games, Inc. in 2012, Clearwire Corporation (now part of T-Mobile) from 2009 to 2011, Microsoft Corporation from 2005 to 2008, AT T Wireless from 2002 to 2004, and E*Trade Financial from 1998 to 2001. In addition, he has been an entrepreneur and investor involved with several Seattle-area start-up companies. In 2008 and 2009, Mr. Sievert was cofounder and Chief Executive Officer of Switchbox Labs, Inc., a consumer technologies developer, leading up to its sale to Lenovo Group Limited, where he briefly served after the acquisition. Mr. Sievert started his career with management positions at Procter Gamble and IBM. Mr. Sievert served on the boards of Rogers Wireless Communications in Canada, Switch Data Corporation, and a number of technology start-ups. EDUCATION Mr. Sievert earned a bachelor s degree in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Sievert s extensive executive leadership experience at both public and private companies enables him to evaluate and make informed decisions on a range of strategic initiatives. On matters of marketing and branding in particular, his decades-long tenure with a host of the world s most prominent companies allows him to provide insightful guidance that will help Starbucks maintain and bolster its status as one of the world s most well-known and well-respected brands. Finally, as a long-time executive at one of the foremost Seattle-area companies, Mr. Sievert brings an understanding of how Starbucks Seattle roots have shaped its past and will continue to shape its future. COMMITTEES Compensation SKILLS BRD CCE FIN GOV HCM INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS T-Mobile US, Inc. (since 2018) Shaw Communications, Inc. (2018-2023) OTHER AFFILIATIONS President and Director, T-Mobile USA Foundation (Former) 18 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents Wei Zhang AGE 55 DIRECTOR SINCE 2023 FAVORITE DRINK Hazelnut Caff Latte INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND WEI ZHANG was Senior Advisor and President of Alibaba Pictures Group, leading global operations from its formation in 2014 through her retirement in 2021. She joined Alibaba Group in 2008 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and spent the next six years in strategic investment and M A, corporate strategy, and corporate social responsibility roles. Prior to joining Alibaba, Ms. Zhang was Chief Operating Officer of Star China from 2005 to 2008, overseeing day to day operations of News Corp s China subsidiary. She was Managing Director of CNBC China from 2002 to 2005 and held positions at Bain Company and General Electric. EDUCATION Ms. Zhang has a B.A. degree from Seton Hill University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Zhang is a highly accomplished senior executive with broad global experience, particularly in the China market. Ms. Zhang brings valuable knowledge of e-commerce, digitization, media, and entertainment to the board, along with a deep understanding of international markets and industry dynamics. She has spearheaded successful digital transformation initiatives, using innovative strategies and cutting-edge technologies to optimize online platforms to both enhance customer experiences and drive substantial growth in the e-commerce market. Ms. Zhang s background in media and entertainment provides the board with a unique perspective on effectively positioning brands by leveraging media platforms, content creation, and strategic partnerships. These innovative methods have consistently driven consumer engagement and increased brand visibility. By leveraging her robust global experience, expertise in e-commerce and digitization, and exceptional media and entertainment acumen, Ms. Zhang is an extremely valuable asset to our board. COMMITTEES Audit Nominating/Governance SKILLS BRD CCE FIN GOV HCM IND INT PUB SNR TEC OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS WITHIN THE PAST FIVE YEARS Ralph Lauren Corporation (since 2022) OTHER AFFILIATIONS Director, Amblin Partners (Former) Director, Alibaba Pictures Group (Former) Director, Meituan Company (Former) Director, Los Angeles Sports and Entertainment Commissions (Former) Director, Jack Ma Foundation (Former) 19 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Table of Contents BOARD STRUCTURE Board Leadership The board of directors is responsible for ensuring that Starbucks business and affairs are managed to meet our stated goals and objectives and that the long -term interests of Starbucks shareholders and stakeholders are served. Our governance framework provides the board with the flexibility needed to determine the most suitable leadership structure for Starbucks. The board annually reviews its leadership structure. As part of this review, the board has determined that the current leadership structure with a combined board chair and ceo, a lead independent director, and all board committees composed entirely of independent directors is appropriate for the Company at this time. When making determinations about Starbucks leadership structure, the board considers many factors, including business strategy, Company performance, industry dynamics, economic and regulatory developments, results of board and committee self -evaluations , and investor feedback. The board also considers the composition and culture of the board, including the qualifications and experience of the ceo and each of the directors, the roles and responsibilities of the board chair and the lead independent director, the composition and needs of each committee of the board, succession planning, the advantages and disadvantages of alternative leadership structures, and how best to serve the interests of Starbucks shareholders. Our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices (our Governance Principles ) require that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Nominating/Governance Committee ) recommend to the board, on an annual basis (or upon a vacancy), a director, to serve as the board chair. When the chair is not an independent director, our Governance Principles require that the Nominating/Governance Committee recommend to the board, on an annual basis (or upon a vacancy), an independent director, to serve as lead independent director. The board believes that a one -year term for service as the chair or lead independent director (as applicable) provides for appropriate ongoing evaluation of and responsiveness to the board s evolving needs. 20 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY Table of Contents Our ceo is the principal executive officer of Starbucks and has general charge and supervision of the business and Starbucks strategic direction. Our lead independent director (or, as applicable, independent chair of the board) serves as a liaison between management and the independent directors. The lead independent director has broad and substantive duties that are outlined in our Governance Principles, which are designed to strengthen the board s independent oversight of management and its ability to hold management accountable for executing on Starbucks long -term strategy and business initiatives. As reflected in the table below, the duties of our lead independent director overlap considerably with duties of an independent chair. Lead Independent Director of the Board J rgen Vig Knudstorp Mr. Knudstorp, an independent, non -employee board member, has served as the lead independent director of the board since March 2025. Mr. Knudstorp has served on the board since 2017. He previously served as chair of the Nominating/Governance Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee. The duties of our lead independent director include the following: Preside over and manage all meetings of the board at which the chair is not present, including calling and presiding over executive sessions of independent directors; Serve as a liaison between the independent directors and the chair, and where appropriate, between the independent directors and management; Facilitate discussion and open dialogue among the independent directors during board meetings, executive sessions, and outside of board meetings; Review, advise on, and ultimately approve the scheduling of board meetings, and the agenda and materials for each such meeting as proposed by the chair; Approve and coordinate the retention of advisors and consultants to the board; Work with the chair to facilitate timely and appropriate information flow to the board; Provide the chair with feedback and counsel concerning the chair s interactions with the board; and Represent the Board at annual meetings of shareholders, serve as the primary point of contact between the board and shareholders, and be available, when appropriate, for consultations with shareholders. Chairman of the Board Brian Niccol Mr. Niccol has served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Starbucks since September 2024. The duties of our chair of the board include the following: Preside over and manage the meetings of the board; Support a strong board culture by fostering an environment of open dialogue, effective information flow, and constructive feedback among the members of the board and senior management, facilitating communication among the lead independent director, the board as a whole, board committees, and senior management, and encouraging director participation in discussions; Propose to the lead independent director for approval, if applicable, the scheduling of board meetings and the agenda and materials for each such meeting; and Represent the board at annual meetings of shareholders and be available, when appropriate, for consultations with shareholders. 21 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents ONGOING COMMITMENT TO BOARD AND COMMITTEE REFRESHMENT Our board is made up of a highly engaged group of individuals with a wide range of relevant experience, qualifications, skills, and tenure, each of whom contributes to overall board and committee effectiveness. Our Nominating/Governance Committee is primarily responsible for maintaining a balanced and highly qualified board, including by succession planning, recommending directors for re -election , and identifying new director candidates who will bring complementary skills and varied perspectives to our board. When identifying, evaluating, and recommending new director candidates, our Nominating/Governance Committee considers, among other factors, the qualifications and skills discussed on page 11, and strives to achieve an appropriate balance of experience, qualifications, skills, continuity, and fresh perspectives as well as a robust mix of viewpoints and backgrounds. Our Nominating/Governance Committee and board believe this balance best serves our shareholders and other stakeholders interests, provides new directors with the opportunity to learn from the knowledge and experience of longer -tenured directors, and allows for smooth role and responsibility transitions. Effective June 25, 2025, the size of the board was increased from nine to 11 directors, and the board elected Marissa Mayer and Dr. Dambisa Moyo as new directors. The process by which Ms. Mayer and Dr. Moyo were selected as director candidates involved a search firm engaged by the Nominating/Governance Committee to help identify director prospects and provide other related services. The board determined both Ms. Mayer and Dr. Moyo would bring deep experience in the areas that matter to the future of Starbucks, including technology, transformation, and global affairs, and that each would provide valuable insights as we accelerate our Back to Starbucks strategy. The board is committed to reviewing its overall composition, the composition of its committees, and the chairs of each of the committees at least annually. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our board conducts an annual review of the independence of our directors. The board has determined that every director nominee and every member of our board who served in fiscal year 2025, other than Brian Niccol, our chairman and chief executive officer, is (or was) independent as that term is defined under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market ( Nasdaq ). In assessing independence, our board determined that none of the members of our board, other than Mr. Niccol, have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors who served in fiscal year 2025 were: Ritch Allison, Andy Campion, Beth Ford, Mellody Hobson (who retired after the 2025 Annual Meeting), J rgen Vig Knudstorp, Marissa Mayer, Neal Mohan, Dr. Dambisa Moyo, Daniel Servitje, Mike Sievert, and Wei Zhang. In determining that Mr. Servitje is independent, the board considered payments in the ordinary course of business in fiscal year 2025 between Starbucks and Grupo Bimbo, where Mr. Servitje served as Executive Chair of the Board. These payments were for amounts representing significantly less than 1% of Grupo Bimbo s annual revenues and Mr. Servitje did not have any direct involvement in our business relationship with Grupo Bimbo. The board also determined that these transactions did not constitute a related party transaction under SEC rules as Mr. Servitje did not have a material interest in these transactions. The board determined that these transactions would not interfere with Mr. Servitje s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities as a director. In determining that Mr. Sievert is independent, the board considered payments in the ordinary course of business in fiscal year 2025 between Starbucks and T -Mobile , where Mr. Sievert formerly served as an executive officer and currently serves as vice chairman and a board member. These payments were for amounts representing significantly less than 1% of T -Mobile s annual revenues and Mr. Sievert did not have any direct involvement in our business relationship with T -Mobile . The board also determined that these transactions did not constitute a related party transaction under SEC rules as Mr. Sievert did not have a material interest in these transactions. The board determined that these transactions would not interfere with Mr. Sievert s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities as a director. ROLE OF OUR BOARD COMMITTEES The board regularly reviews the composition, number, and scope of its committees, and makes adjustments to meet changing conditions and needs. Our board of directors currently has three standing committees: the Audit and Compliance Committee ( Audit Committee ), the Compensation and Management Development Committee ( Compensation Committee ), and the Nominating/Governance Committee. The board, based upon recommendations from the Nominating/Governance Committee, makes committee and committee chair assignments annually. The board adjusts committee assignments as it deems appropriate. The board has determined that all the members of each committee are independent directors as defined by Nasdaq rules. In addition, the board has determined that directors who serve on our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee satisfy the additional independence and qualification criteria applicable to directors serving on such committees under Nasdaq listing requirements and SEC rules. 22 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents The current composition and primary responsibilities of each standing committee are summarized on the following pages. The board is committed to reviewing its overall composition, the composition of its committees, and the chairs of each of the committees at least annually. Each standing committee also has risk oversight within its respective areas of accountability as discussed under the heading Risk Oversight on page 26. ( 1) All three committees operate pursuant to written charters, which are available on our website at www.starbucks.com/about -us /corporate -governance . Each committee annually reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its respective charter and recommends any proposed changes to the board for approval. Audit and Compliance Committee COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Andy Campion (chair) Ritch Allison Dambisa Moyo Daniel Servitje Wei Zhang REPORT: Page 85 NUMBER OF MEETINGS IN FISCAL YEAR 2025: 9 THE PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE ARE TO: oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes, including focused review of higher -risk areas appoint the independent registered public accounting firm and oversee the relationship review the annual audit and quarterly review processes with management and the independent registered public accounting firm review the Company s quarterly and annual financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm review management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the independent registered public accounting firm s related attestation oversee the Company s internal audit function discuss any material weakness or significant deficiency and any steps taken to resolve the issue review any significant findings and recommendations from internal audit review and approve or ratify all transactions with related persons and potential conflicts of interests that are required to be disclosed in the proxy statement review periodically, discuss with management, and regularly report to the board major and emerging risk exposures, risk assessment, and risk management policies oversee the Company s program, policies, and procedures related to cybersecurity and data privacy review disclosures relating to key responsible business measures and the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls related to such measures, and provide oversight on key finance -related initiatives related to responsible business matters Mr. Knudstorp served on the Audit Committee during fiscal year 2025 until March 2025. Each of Mr. Campion, Mr. Allison, Dr. Moyo, Mr. Servitje, and Ms. Zhang: (i) meets the independence criteria prescribed by applicable law and SEC rules for audit committee members and (ii) meets Nasdaq s financial knowledge and sophistication requirements. Each of Mr. Campion and Mr. Allison has been determined by the board to be an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. The Audit Committee Report describes in more detail the Audit Committee s responsibilities with regard to our financial statements and its interactions with our independent auditor, Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ). (1) In November 2025, the board dissolved the Environmental, Partner, and Community Impact Committee (the Impact Committee ). Upon dissolution of the Impact Committee, the board re -allocated its former responsibilities among the board and remaining committees. In particular, the Audit Committee assumed former Impact Committee topics pertaining to enterprise risk management, the Compensation Committee assumed former Impact Committee topics pertaining to partner matters, and the Nominating/Governance Committee assumed former Impact Committee topics pertaining to responsible business matters. As part of this change, the board also reclaimed primary responsibility for oversight of labor matters. The board believes these changes help simplify our board oversight structure and will allow the board and its remaining committees to more efficiently and effectively deploy resources and focus their attention on matters that drive long -term shareholder value. The Impact Committee s members during fiscal year 2025 included Beth Ford (chair), Daniel Servitje, and J rgen Vig Knudstorp. The Impact Committee met five times during fiscal year 2025. 23 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents Compensation and Management Development Committee COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Ritch Allison (chair) Andy Campion Neal Mohan Mike Sievert REPORT: Page 69 NUMBER OF MEETINGS IN FISCAL YEAR 2025: 5 THE PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE ARE TO: oversee, review, and approve, as appropriate, the Company s overall compensation policies, structure, and programs (including with respect to wages, salaries, bonuses, equity plans, partner benefit plans, and other benefits) for partners and officers conduct an annual review of, and recommend to the independent directors of the board, the compensation package for the ceo conduct an annual review and approve or recommend, as applicable, the compensation packages for Section 16 officers and other senior officers designated by the board annually review and approve performance measures and targets for all executive officers participating in the Executive Management Bonus Plan (the Annual Incentive Bonus Plan ) and long -term incentive plans, and certify achievement of such measures and targets approve, modify, and administer partner -based equity plans, the Annual Incentive Bonus Plan, and deferred compensation plans annually establish the evaluation process for reviewing the ceo s performance periodically review and approve our management development and succession planning practices review and approve the Company s peer group companies and review market data except where explicitly delegated to other committees of the board, review and assess the Company s human capital management strategies, practices, policies, goals, programs, disclosures, and risks, including policies and strategies regarding recruiting, selection, talent development, progression, belonging, and retention provide recommendations to the board on compensation -related proposals to be considered at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders determine management stock ownership guidelines and periodically review ownership levels for compliance annually review a report regarding potential material risks, if any, created by the Company s compensation policies and practices and inform the board of any necessary actions The Compensation Committee may form and delegate any or all of its responsibilities to one or more subcommittees, as may be necessary or appropriate, and within certain limits. At least annually, the Compensation Committee reviews and approves our executive compensation strategy and principles to confirm that they are aligned with our business strategy and objectives, shareholder interests, desired behaviors, and corporate culture. Each of Mr. Allison, Mr. Campion, Mr. Mohan, and Mr. Sievert meets the heightened independence criteria prescribed by SEC and Nasdaq rules for compensation committee membership. Ms. Ford served on the Compensation Committee during fiscal year 2025 until March 2025. Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation No member of the Compensation Committee was, at any time during fiscal year 2025 or at any other time, an officer or employee of Starbucks, and no member of this Committee had any relationship with Starbucks requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S -K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). No executive officer of Starbucks has served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has or has had one or more executive officers who served as a member of the Compensation Committee during fiscal year 2025. 24 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Beth Ford (chair) Marissa Mayer Dambisa Moyo Daniel Servitje Wei Zhang NUMBER OF MEETINGS IN FISCAL YEAR 2025: 4 THE PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE NOMINATING/GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE ARE TO: make recommendations to the board regarding board leadership and membership and chairs of the board s committees make recommendations to the board about the Company s corporate governance processes assist in identifying and screening board candidates, administer the Policy on Director Nominations, and consider shareholder nominations to the board annually assess the evaluation process for the effective performance of the governance responsibilities of the board and its committees and recommend any changes to that process to the board annually review compensation for independent directors on the board and its committees and make recommendations to the board regarding such compensation annually review corporate political contributions and expenditures provide recommendations to the board on shareholder proposals to be considered at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders oversee the Company s responsible business policies and practices Mr. Knudstorp and Mr. Mohan each served on the Nominating/Governance Committee during fiscal year 2025, and Mr. Knudstorp served as chair. Each left the Nominating/Governance Committee in November 2025 after the conclusion of fiscal year 2025. 25 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents BOARD OVERSIGHT Strategy oversight The board plays an important role in overseeing Starbucks long -term strategy, including evaluating key market opportunities, consumer trends, partner relations, economic, regulatory, and competitive developments, and responsible business policies. The board s oversight of risk is another integral component of the board s oversight and engagement on strategic matters. Strategy -related matters are regularly discussed at board meetings and, when relevant, at committee meetings. We also dedicate at least one board meeting every year to an intensive review and discussion of Starbucks strategic plan. Matters of strategy also inform committee -level discussions of many issues, including business risk. Engagement of the board on these issues and other matters of strategic importance continues in between meetings, including through updates to the board on significant items and discussions by the ceo with the lead independent director on a periodic basis. Each director is expected to and does bring to bear his or her own talents, insights, and experiences to these strategy discussions. Beyond The Boardroom Our board is committed to providing its members with learning opportunities. To increase the board s engagement with and understanding of our strategy, each director participates in an orientation program upon joining the board. Among other activities, new directors meet with members of our executive leadership team and other key leaders of Starbucks to gain a deeper understanding of Starbucks business and operations, attend immersion programs, and visit our coffeehouses to engage with partners and customers first -hand . Periodic briefing sessions are provided to all members of the board on subjects that would assist them in discharging their duties. Our directors also have the opportunity through our periodic investor day presentations to understand and assess how we are communicating our strategy to our shareholders and other important stakeholders. Risk oversight RISK OVERSIGHT BY THE BOARD The board has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight. We believe that a fundamental part of risk oversight is not only understanding the material risks a company faces and the steps management is taking to manage those risks but also understanding what level of risk is appropriate for that company. The involvement of the board in reviewing Starbucks business strategy is integral to the board s assessment of management s tolerance for risk and its determination of what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for Starbucks. The full board has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight and exercises such oversight directly over certain enterprise -wide risk categories, such as brand risks and labor. In addition, the board has delegated primary oversight responsibility for certain categories of risk to its standing committees. This approach allows the board to draw upon the knowledge and judgment of specific directors on each committee who have experience overseeing and managing particular risks that Starbucks faces in various areas of its business. Each of our board committees is authorized by its charter to consult at its discretion with any experts or advisors that committee members feel would be helpful. All committees receive regular reports from management responsible for monitoring and mitigating particular risk exposures as part of the Company s enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program, and the committee chairs provide regular reports to the full board on relevant areas of oversight. The board believes that its leadership structure, coupled with the structure and work of the various committees described below, is appropriate and effective in facilitating board -level risk oversight. 26 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents RISK OVERSIGHT BY THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD Audit Committee Responsible for overseeing Starbucks ERM program; financial, operational, legal, and regulatory risks; cybersecurity, data privacy, and technology risks; and Starbucks risk assessment and risk management policies. Receives reports from management, including from our cfo, vp of Internal Audit, chief legal officer, and chief ethics and compliance officer, on such risks at regularly scheduled meetings and as requested by the committee. Compensation Committee Responsible for overseeing risks related to Starbucks compensation policies and practices, including as they relate to the workforce generally, risks related to Starbucks human capital management function, and risks related to succession planning practices and strategies. Reviews a summary and assessment of compensation risks annually. Receives reports from management including from our chief partner officer on such risks at regularly scheduled meetings and as requested by the committee. Nominating/Governance Committee Responsible for overseeing risks associated with shareholder concerns; board governance and composition; political contributions; compliance matters relating to emerging political, regulatory, and global citizenship trends; and responsible business matters. Receives reports from management including from our chief legal officer on such risks at regularly scheduled meetings and as requested by the committee. The role of management in risk oversight Risk management committee Starbucks maintains a management -level Risk Management Committee that is co -managed by our cfo and chief legal officer and meets regularly to discuss ERM. The Risk Management Committee identifies, assesses, and prioritizes Starbucks critical risk exposures to its business operations across various time frames, from the short term to the long term, throughout the world. Risks are evaluated based on their potential magnitude, likelihood, and immediacy and are monitored over time to ensure risk profile changes are evaluated in a timely manner for existing and emergent risks. To effectively carry out its responsibilities, the Risk Management Committee leverages the expertise of our executive leadership team members and consults with outside experts. There is also significant overlap in membership of the Risk Management Committee and Starbucks Disclosure Committee to help ensure Starbucks required disclosures regarding its risks are accurate, complete, and timely. The Risk Management Committee identifies and assesses the effectiveness of our risk management and mitigation methods and periodically reports its findings to the Audit Committee. At least annually, our cfo reviews the methodology and approach used to identify, assess, and manage risks. Our cfo also discusses the key risks identified in the ERM process with the Audit Committee and the full board, soliciting input from directors on the steps taken to mitigate risks and plans for additional mitigation in the year ahead. SENIOR MANAGEMENT Our senior management regularly attends meetings of the board and its committees and provides the board and its committees with reports regarding our operations, strategies, objectives, and the risks inherent within them, as well as management action plans to monitor and address risk exposures. Board and committee meetings also provide a forum for directors to discuss issues with, request additional information from, and provide guidance to, senior management. In addition, our directors have direct access to senior management to discuss any matters of interest, including those related to risk, outside of formal meetings. CHIEF ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER Our chief ethics and compliance officer leads a team of professionals responsible for maintaining ethical and compliance excellence at Starbucks which starts with continuously reinforcing Starbucks ethical culture. Our chief ethics and compliance officer works cross -functionally to facilitate legal and compliance risk assessments, monitoring, and mitigation and is responsible for facilitating adherence to internal compliance requirements, including our Standards of Business Conduct, and managing our anti -corruption and anti -bribery programs. Our chief ethics and compliance officer has a dual -reporting relationship directly to our Audit Committee and meets regularly with the Audit Committee to discuss compliance- and ethics -related trends, risks, and action plans. 27 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents Oversight of data privacy and cybersecurity risk Starbucks has implemented a cybersecurity program that leverages industry -standard cybersecurity frameworks to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risk. Our cybersecurity program is led by our senior vice president, chief information security officer ( ciso ), who is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing our collective information security and technology risks. In addition, Starbucks maintains a global privacy program to identify, assess, and manage privacy risks related to how we are collecting, using, sharing, storing, and otherwise processing personal data. Our cybersecurity and data privacy programs are integrated with the ERM framework and governance processes utilized by management and our board to oversee our various top enterprise risks. Our board has ultimate cybersecurity and data privacy risk oversight responsibility for the Company and administers this responsibility both directly and with assistance from the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee oversees our cybersecurity and technology risks, as well as our data privacy risks, all of which are integrated into our overall ERM program. The Audit Committee actively reviews and discusses our cybersecurity and technology risk management programs and regularly reports out to the full board on our relevant strengths and opportunities. The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates from the ciso or members of the ciso s team with responsibility for oversight of our key cybersecurity program components. The Audit Committee also reviews our data privacy risk management programs and reports out to the full board on our relevant strengths and opportunities. Please see Item 1C (Cybersecurity) in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended September 28, 2025 for additional details regarding cybersecurity and data privacy risk management, strategy, and governance. Succession planning oversight MANAGEMENT SUCCESSION PLANNING In light of the critical importance of executive leadership to Starbucks success, we have an ongoing succession planning process. This process is enterprise -wide for managers up to and including our ceo. Our Governance Principles provide that our Compensation Committee has general oversight responsibility for management development and succession planning practices and strategy. Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee annually reviews and discusses with the independent directors of the board the performance of certain senior officers and senior managers and the succession plans for each such officer s or manager s position and solicits recommendations and evaluations of potential successors to fill these positions. The Compensation Committee also conducts a periodic review of, and provides approval for, our management development and succession planning practices and strategies, including the review and oversight of the associated risks and exposures. CEO SUCCESSION PLANNING A primary responsibility of the board is planning for ceo succession. The chair of our Nominating/Governance Committee, together with the lead independent director (or, if the chair of the board is independent, the chair of the board), the chair of the Compensation Committee, and the ceo (collectively, the succession planning team ) annually evaluate and update as appropriate the skills, experience, and attributes that the board believes are important to be an effective ceo in light of our business strategy. The succession planning team also reviews, on an annual or more frequent basis, our ceo succession planning process with the board, including the identification, development, and progress of internal candidates and how candidates have been assessed. The board believes that ceo succession planning should be an ongoing process, with the goal of providing sufficient lead time before an expected transition while also being prepared for and responsive to unexpected developments. 28 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents BOARD PRACTICES AND POLICIES Attendance at meetings During fiscal year 2025, each incumbent director attended at least 75% of all meetings of the board and board committees on which they served (held during the period that such director served). In fiscal year 2025, our board held 5 meetings. Our Governance Principles require each board member to attend our annual meeting of shareholders except for absences due to causes beyond their reasonable control. All of the directors who then served on the board attended our 2025 Annual Meeting. Executive sessions Each regularly scheduled board meeting includes time for an executive session with only non -employee independent directors present that is led by our lead independent director. Following the executive sessions, when appropriate, the lead independent director will coordinate feedback from the executive session with the full board, applicable board committees, individual board members, or members of senior management. Service on other boards Our Governance Principles establish the following standards for service by the Company s directors on the boards and committees of other publicly traded companies. Starbucks non -employee directors who are full -time employees of a publicly traded company may serve on no more than one publicly traded company s board in addition to the Starbucks board and their own company board (when applicable). Starbucks non -employee directors who are not full -time employees of a publicly traded company may serve on no more than three publicly traded companies boards in addition to the Starbucks board. Members of the Audit Committee generally may not serve on more than three public company audit committees (including the Company s), but a member who is a retired certified public accountant, chief financial officer, or controller, or has similar experience, may serve on a total of four audit committees. Starbucks board members wishing to join the board of another publicly traded company and Audit Committee members wishing to join the audit committee of the board of directors of another publicly traded company must first notify the chair of the Nominating/Governance Committee, the chair of the board, and the Company s chief legal officer, who will review the proposed board or committee membership to assess compliance with applicable laws and policies and will refer any potential conflicts of interest to the chair of the Audit Committee for review. Mandatory retirement and term limits Mandatory retirement and board term limits are outlined in our Governance Principles. A board member must retire immediately before the Company s annual meeting of shareholders during the calendar year in which the member attains age 75. No candidate may be nominated to a new term if they would be age 75 or older at the end of the calendar year in which the election is held. On the recommendation of the Nominating/Governance Committee, the board may waive these requirements on an annual basis as to any particular director if the board deems such waiver to be in the best interests of the Company. There are no term limits for service on the board. The Nominating/Governance Committee will annually review the appropriateness of each director s continued service. The Company and the board believe that the absence of term limits allows the Company to retain board members who have been able to develop, over a period of time, increasing insight into the Company and its operations and, therefore, provide an increasing contribution to the board as a whole. See section above entitled Ongoing Commitment to Board and Committee Refreshment above for additional information about our board s commitment to ongoing evaluation of its composition. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Starbucks believes that strong corporate governance involves year -round engagement with our shareholders. We have a long -standing , robust shareholder outreach program that solicits feedback on our corporate governance, executive compensation program, and disclosure practices, as well as our responsible business policies and practices as appropriate. Members of management and our board participate in year -round shareholder engagement, and our full board receives shareholder feedback on an ongoing basis throughout the year. We also review our practices against evolving industry trends and stakeholder expectations, including guidelines published by shareholders and proxy advisory firms. 29 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents Our annual outreach effort is generally conducted by a cross -functional management team including members of our investor relations, law and corporate affairs, coffee, and compensation teams, and other business teams, as relevant. Additionally, our ceo and cfo engage in meaningful dialogue with our shareholders through our quarterly earnings calls and investor -related outreach events. Engagement Cycle Throughout the year, highlights of our shareholder engagement include: Fiscal year 2025 Outreach Through our annual shareholder outreach, we engage regularly with a substantial portion of our shareholders. We also offered engagement with shareholder proponents that submitted shareholder proposals for this proxy season, to fully understand their respective positions and requested actions. Shareholders we contacted We offered engagement calls to more than 25 shareholders in the Spring and Fall of fiscal year 2025, representing nearly 60% of our total shares outstanding. 18 shareholders, representing nearly 43% of our total shares outstanding, accepted our invitation to engage, resulting in over 25 engagement calls throughout fiscal year 2025; engagement calls focused on Company strategy, executive compensation, partner relations, and other governance topics. Starbucks Participants Independent directors, including the lead independent director and committee chairs, participated in 9 investor meetings, with shareholders representing 28% of our total shares outstanding. 30 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents BOARD AND COMMITTEE EVALUATIONS Our board is committed to continuous corporate governance improvement. To that end, the board and each committee annually conduct a self -evaluation to review and assess their overall effectiveness. These evaluations cover a variety of subjects, including strategic oversight, board and committee structure and composition, interactions with management, board processes and governance, and the director nomination process. Results of board and committee self -evaluations are shared with the full board. As appropriate, these evaluations result in updates or changes to our practices as well as commitments to continue existing practices that our directors believe contribute positively to the effective functioning of our board and its committees. To supplement these evaluations, the Nominating/Governance Committee reviews the Governance Principles each year in light of changing conditions and shareholders interests and recommends appropriate changes to the board for consideration and approval. In addition, the board periodically arranges for an independent external review process. OUR DIRECTOR NOMINATION PROCESS Our Nominating/Governance Committee, together with our board, maintains a robust policy for the consideration of potential director candidates and is responsible for establishing criteria, screening candidates, and evaluating the qualifications of potential directors, including candidates nominated or suggested by shareholders. The Nominating/Governance Committee s process for identifying director candidates is described below. Our Nominating/Governance Committee proactively seeks director candidates to ensure we have the benefit of varied experience, qualifications, skills, and other attributes in the boardroom to support the global demands of our business. When seeking new director candidates, our Nominating/Governance Committee actively endeavors to consider candidates representing a variety of perspectives and backgrounds and any applicable Nasdaq and legal requirements. However, our Nominating/Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to any single criterion, and no particular criterion is necessarily applied to all prospective director nominees. The Nominating/Governance Committee reviews the effectiveness of its approach to director recruitment on an annual basis. Our Policy on Director Nominations, which describes the process by which candidates are identified and assessed for possible inclusion in our recommended slate of director nominees, is available at www.starbucks.com/about -us /corporate -governance . The Nominating/Governance Committee administers the nominations policy, reviews the policy at least annually and makes modifications as our needs and circumstances evolve and as applicable legal or listing standards change. The Nominating/Governance Committee may amend the nominations policy at any time, in which case the most current version will be available on our website. Minimum criteria for board members Under the Starbucks Policy on Director Nominations, each director candidate for the board is required to, at a minimum: be prepared to represent the best interests of all of Starbucks shareholders rather than just one particular constituency or any entity with which the candidate may be affiliated; have demonstrated integrity and ethics in their personal and professional life and have established a record of professional accomplishment in their chosen field; together with their family members, affiliates, and associates, be free of any material personal, financial, or professional interest in any present or potential competitor of Starbucks; be prepared to participate fully in board and committee activities, including active membership on at least one committee, and not have other personal or professional commitments that would, in the Nominating/Governance Committee s sole judgment, interfere with or limit their ability to do so; intend to serve as a director at least until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until a successor has been elected and qualified, and preferably would intend to make a long -term commitment to serve on the board if re -nominated ; acknowledge and agree to comply with Starbucks Governance Principles, Insider Trading Policy, Standards of Business Conduct, and other policies and guidelines applicable to directors; be willing to make, and be financially capable of making, the required investment in Starbucks common stock specified in the director stock ownership guidelines described in this proxy statement; be free of any commitments or assurances to any person as to how the candidate would vote or act on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to Starbucks and be free of any such commitments or assurances that could limit or interfere with the candidate s ability to comply with a director s fiduciary duties; and not be a party to any compensation or incentive arrangements with any person or entity other than Starbucks with respect to service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to Starbucks. 31 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents Desirable qualities and skills In addition to the minimum criteria described above, the Nominating/Governance Committee favors candidates who possess the qualities and skills described below: Each candidate should possess professional and personal experiences, skills, and expertise that are relevant to our goal of being one of the world s leading consumer brands. See page 11 for a description of relevant skills and experience. Each candidate should have attributes that would contribute positively to the existing chemistry and collaborative culture among board members. Each candidate should contribute to a board that overall reflects a robust mix of backgrounds and perspectives. The Nominating/Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the appropriate skills and characteristics required of directors in the context of prevailing business conditions and existing competencies on the board, and for making recommendations regarding the size and composition of the board, with the objective of having a board that brings to Starbucks a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality business and professional experience. Process for identifying candidates The Nominating/Governance Committee has two primary methods for identifying candidates. 1 2 The Nominating/Governance Committee may use its authority under its charter to retain at our expense one or more search firms (and to approve such firms fees and other retention terms) to identify possible candidates who satisfy our minimum and desired director qualifications, meet with and screen such candidates (including conducting reference checks), and assist in scheduling candidate meetings with board members. The Nominating/Governance Committee periodically solicits ideas for possible candidates from a number of sources: members of the board; senior -level Starbucks executives; advisors to the Company or the board; individuals personally known to the members of the board; and research, including database and Internet searches. Shareholder recommendations and nominations DIRECTOR RECOMMENDATIONS BY SHAREHOLDERS The Nominating/Governance Committee will consider shareholder recommendations for director candidates using the same criteria as candidates identified through the Company s internal process. Any shareholder that wishes to recommend a director candidate should review and follow the procedures and requirements in our Policy on Director Nominations, including providing a brief biography of the candidate, a document indicating the candidate s willingness to serve if elected, and evidence of the shareholder s ownership of Company stock to the address listed in the policy. To ensure that the Company has sufficient time to consider any recommendation for a director candidate, this information must be received by the Company by the same date as the Company s deadline for proxy access nominations. See Shareholder Director Nominations for Inclusion in Starbucks Proxy Materials (Proxy Access) on page 103 for more information. GENERAL NOMINATION RIGHT OF ALL SHAREHOLDERS Any registered shareholder may nominate one or more individuals for election as a director at an annual meeting of shareholders if the shareholder complies with the advance notice, information, and consent provisions contained in our bylaws. See Proposals of Shareholders on page 102 for more information. 32 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents SHAREHOLDER DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS FOR INCLUSION IN STARBUCKS PROXY MATERIALS (PROXY ACCESS) Our bylaws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning at least 3% of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors continuously for at least three years as of any nomination and thereafter until the next annual meeting of shareholders, to nominate and include in our annual meeting proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two nominees or 20% (or the closest whole number (rounding down) below 20%) of the board, subject to the requirements specified in our bylaws. See Shareholder Director Nominations for Inclusion in Starbucks Proxy Materials (Proxy Access) on page 103 for more information. Evaluation of candidates The Nominating/Governance Committee will consider and evaluate all candidates identified through the processes described above, including incumbents and candidates proposed by shareholders, based on the same criteria. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS Review and approval of related person transactions Under the Audit Committee s charter, and consistent with Nasdaq rules, any material potential or actual conflict of interest or transaction between Starbucks and any related person of Starbucks must be reviewed and approved or ratified by the Audit Committee. SEC rules define a related person of Starbucks as any Starbucks director (or nominee), executive officer, 5% -or-greater shareholder, or an immediate family member of any of such persons. Our board of directors has adopted a written Policy for the Review and Approval of Related Person Transactions Required to Be Disclosed in Proxy Statements, which states that Starbucks generally will not participate in related person transactions. In select circumstances, if the transaction provides Starbucks with a demonstrable and significant strategic benefit that is in the best interests of Starbucks and its shareholders and has terms that are competitive with terms available from unaffiliated third parties, then the Audit Committee may approve the transaction. The policy also provides that any related person must notify the chair of the Audit Committee before becoming a party to, or engaging in, a potential related person transaction that may require disclosure in our proxy statement under SEC rules, or if prior approval is not practicable, must provide such notice as soon as possible after engaging in the transaction. Based on current SEC rules, transactions covered by the policy include: any individual or series of related transactions, arrangements, or relationships (including, but not limited to, indebtedness or guarantees of indebtedness), whether actual or proposed; in which Starbucks was or is to be a participant; the amount involved exceeds $120,000; and in which a related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Whether a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in a particular transaction for these purposes depends on the significance of the information to investors in light of all the circumstances of a particular case. The importance of the interest to the person having the interest, the relationship of the related person to the transaction, and with each other, and the amount involved in the transaction are among the factors to be considered in determining the significance of the information to investors. The chair of the Audit Committee has the discretion to determine whether a transaction is or may be covered by the policy. If the chair determines that a transaction is covered by the policy, then the transaction is subject to full Audit Committee review and approval. The Audit Committee s decision is final and binding. Additionally, the chair of the Audit Committee has discretion to approve, disapprove, or seek full Audit Committee review of any immaterial transaction involving a related person (i.e. a transaction not otherwise required to be disclosed in the proxy statement). 33 STARBUCKS 2026 PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Table of Contents In evaluating potential related person transactions, the Audit Committee looks to SEC and Nasdaq rules, including the impact of a transaction on the independence of any director. Once the Audit Committee has determined that (i) the potential related person transaction will provide Starbucks with a demonstrable and significant strategic benefit that is in the best interests of Starbucks and its shareholders and (ii) that the terms of the potential related person transaction are competitive with terms available from unaffiliated third parties, the Audit Committee may consider other factors such as: whether the transaction is likely to have any significant negative effect on Starbucks, the related person, or any Starbucks partner; whether the transaction can be effectively managed by Starbucks despite the related person s interest in it; whether the transaction would be in the ordinary course of our business; and the availability of alternative products or services at comparable prices. Related person transactions since the beginning of fiscal year 2025 The following are the only transactions or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party in fiscal year 2025 that meet the definition of related person transaction other than equity and other compensation, termination, change of control, and similar arrangements, which are described under Executive Compensation. Mr. Niccol entered into an amended and restated time -sharing agreement with Starbucks so that he could continue to reimburse Starbucks for his personal use of Starbucks aircraft in accordance with Starbucks Corporate Aircraft Use Policy. Specifically, prior to September 2025, he reimbursed for his personal non -commuting usage once such usage reached $250,000 per year. In September 2025, the board approved replacing such annual limit (and, accordingly, any requirements for reimbursement) with a more frequent quarterly review of Mr. Niccol s personal flights by the chair of the Compensation Committee and the board s lead independent director. This change was driven by the security study s recommendation that Mr. Niccol use Company aircraft for all air travel, including personal travel, and the Company s ongoing monitoring of Mr. Niccol s security situation. For any flights that are reimbursed under the time -sharing agreement, Mr. Niccol reimburses Starbucks for the aggregate incremental cost incurred by Starbucks in providing for his personal non -commuting travel up to the maximum amount of reimbursement permitted under applicable Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) regulations. Such aggregate incremental cost includes direct operating costs (such as fuel, landing fees, customs fees, foreign permit or similar fees, hangar expenses away from the aircraft s home base, catering, flight crew travel expenses, flight planning and weather services, trip -related maintenance, and flight -specific insurance) for the personal travel and for any deadhead positioning related to personal travel. In fiscal year 2025, Mr. Niccol paid Starbucks $0 pursuant to his time -sharing agreement. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THE STARBUCKS WEBSITE Our Governance Principles are intended to provide a set of flexible guidelines for the effective functionin