=== VRSK_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K before deciding to invest in any of our securities. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. In such case, the trading price of our securities, including our common stock, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Strategic and Operational Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to competition in many of the markets in which we operate and we may not be able to compete effectively. Markets in which we operate or which we believe may provide growth opportunities for us are highly competitive, and are expected to remain highly competitive. We compete on the basis of quality, customer service, product and service selection, and pricing. Our competitive position in various market segments depends upon the relative strength of competitors in the segment and the resources devoted to competing in that segment. Certain competitors may be able to allocate greater resources to a particular market segment than we can. As a result, these competitors may be in a better position to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences, emerging technologies and market trends. In addition, new competitors and alliances may emerge to take market share away, and as we enter into new lines of business, due to acquisition or otherwise, we face competition from new players with different competitive dynamics. We may be unable to maintain our competitive position in our market segments, especially against larger competitors. We may also invest further to upgrade our systems in order to compete. If we fail to successfully compete, our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. We could lose our access to data from external sources, which could prevent us from providing our solutions. We depend upon data from external sources, including data received from customers and various government and public record services, for information used in our data repositories. In general, we do not own the information in these data repositories, and the participating organizations could discontinue or materially limit contributing information to the data repositories. Our data sources could withdraw or increase the price for their data for a variety of reasons, and we could also become subject to legislative, judicial, or contractual restrictions on the use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by the third parties in a way that allows us to legally use and/or process the data. We are also reliant on internal controls of third parties to ensure the accuracy of their data. If a third party suffers reputational damage from an underlying issue, we may discontinue using their services. If a substantial number of data sources, or certain key sources, were to withdraw, materially limit, be unable to provide their data, or if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation or policy, decline in reputation or if the collection of data became uneconomical, our ability to provide solutions to our customers could be impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Agreements with our data suppliers are short-term agreements. Some suppliers are also competitors, which may make us vulnerable to unpredictable price increases and may cause some suppliers not to renew certain agreements. Our competitors could also enter into exclusive contracts with our data sources. If our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data, which would give our competitors an advantage. Such a termination or exclusive contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results if we were unable to arrange for substitute data sources. To the extent the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information increases, the demand for some of our solutions may decrease. Public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become increasingly available and this trend is expected to continue. Governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access. Public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce the demand for our solutions. To the extent that customers choose not to obtain solutions from us and instead rely on information obtained at little or no cost from these public or less expensive sources, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we are unable to develop successful new solutions or if we experience defects, failures and delays associated with the introduction of new solutions, our business could suffer serious harm. Our growth and success depend upon our ability to develop and sell new solutions. If we are unable to develop new solutions, or if we are not successful in introducing and/or obtaining regulatory approval or acceptance for new solutions, or products we develop face sufficient pricing pressure to make them unattractive to pursue, we may not be able to grow our business, or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. In addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new solutions may affect market acceptance of our solutions and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new solutions, primarily due to difficulties in developing models, acquiring data and adapting to particular operating environments. Errors or defects in our solutions that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our solutions, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims. We typically face a long selling cycle to secure new contracts that require significant resource commitments, which result in a long lead time before we receive revenues from new relationships. We typically face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract and there is generally a long preparation period in order to commence providing the services. We typically incur significant business development expenses during the selling cycle and we may not succeed in winning a new customer s business, in which case we receive no revenues and may receive no reimbursement for such expenses. Even if we succeed in developing a relationship with a potential new customer, we may not be successful in obtaining contractual commitments after the selling cycle or in maintaining contractual commitments after the implementation cycle, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from U.S. P C primary insurers. If there is a downturn in the U.S. insurance industry or that industry does not continue to accept our solutions, our revenues will decline. Revenues derived from solutions we provide to U.S. P C primary insurers account for a substantial portion of our total revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 70% of our re venue was derived from solutions provided to U.S. P C primary insurers. Also, our invoices for certain of our solutions are linked in part to premiums in the U.S. P C insurance market, which may rise or fall in any given year due to loss experience and capital capacity and other factors in the insurance industry such as responses to natural disasters and climate-related events that are beyond our control. In addition, our revenues will decline if the insurance industry does not continue to accept our solutions. Factors that might affect the acceptance of these solutions by P C primary insurers include the following: changes in the business analytics industry; changes in technology; our inability to obtain or use state fee schedule or claims data in our insurance solutions; changes in regulation saturation of market demand; loss of key customers; industry consolidation; failure to execute our customer-focused selling approach; and insourcing by insurers of the services or analytics we currently provide. A downturn in the insurance industry, pricing pressure or lower acceptance of our solutions by the insurance industry could result in a decline in revenues from that industry and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 16 Table of Contents Acquisitions, other strategic relationships and dispositions of our business, and related integration and separation risks, could result in operating difficulties and other harmful consequences, and we may not be successful in achieving the anticipated benefits of such transactions. Our long-term business strategy includes growth through acquisitions and other strategic relationships. Future acquisitions may not be completed on acceptable terms and acquired assets, data or businesses may not be successfully integrated into our operations, and we may ultimately divest unsuccessful acquisitions or investments. Moreover, from time to time we may also undertake dispositions of certain businesses or assets. Any acquisitions, investments and dispositions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in such transactions. Such risks include, among other things: failing to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies; paying more than fair market value for an acquired company or assets, or receiving less than fair market value for disposed businesses or assets; failing to integrate or separate the operations and personnel of the acquired or disposed businesses in an efficient, timely manner; assuming potential liabilities of an acquired company; managing the potential disruption to our ongoing business; distracting management focus from our core businesses; failing to retain management at the acquired company; difficulty in acquiring suitable businesses, including challenges in predicting the value an acquisition will ultimately contribute to our business; possibility of overpaying for acquisitions, particularly those with significant intangible assets that derive value using novel tools and/or are involved in niche markets; impairing relationships with employees, customers, and strategic partners; incurring expenses associated with the amortization of intangible assets particularly for intellectual property and other intangible assets; incurring expenses associated with an impairment of all or a portion of goodwill and other intangible assets due to changes in market conditions, weak economies in certain competitive markets, or the failure of certain acquisitions to realize expected benefits; and diluting the share value and voting power of existing stockholders. The anticipated benefits of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our financial condition. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with future acquisitions. In order to finance acquisitions, which are an important part of our long-term growth strategy, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness and such increased leverage could adversely affect our business. In particular, the increased leverage could increase our vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit our ability to obtain further financing and limit our ability to pursue other operational and strategic opportunities. The increased leverage, potential lack of access to financing and increased expenses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There may be consolidation in our end customer market, which could reduce the use of our services. Mergers or consolidations among our customers could reduce the number of our customers and potential customers. This could adversely affect our revenues even if these events do not reduce the aggregate number of customers or the activities of the consolidated entities. If our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. The adverse effects of consolidation will be greater in sectors that we are particularly dependent upon, for example, in the P C insurance sector. Any of these developments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 17 Table of Contents Financial and Economic Risks Related to Our Business General economic, political and market forces and dislocations beyond our control could reduce demand for our solutions and harm our business. The demand for our solutions may be impacted by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including macroeconomic, political and market conditions, global supply chain disruption, the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital, the level and volatility of interest rates, currency exchange rates, and inflation. Any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity and prices in the securities markets generally and could result in a reduction in demand for our solutions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. A significant additional decline in the value of assets for which risk is transferred in market transactions could have an adverse impact on the demand for our solutions. Our financial position may be impacted by tax audits or changes in tax laws or tax ruling We are subject to tax in the U.S., various states, and foreign jurisdictions, and are routinely under audit by various tax authorities. Our existing corporate structure and tax positions have been implemented in a manner which we believe is compliant with current tax laws, however it is possible that tax authorities may disagree with the positions we have taken due to differing interpretations of prevailing tax rules. Tax audits with an adverse outcome could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax positions, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Existing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate are subject to change given current political and economic conditions. Changes in existing tax laws or rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax positions, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Furthermore, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") has issued Pillar Two model rules for a global minimum tax of 15% that has been agreed upon in principle by over 140 countries. While we have assessed the effect of Pillar Two and do not expect it to materially increase our tax expense, the ultimate impact will depend on the implementation of specific rules in each jurisdiction. Cybersecurity and Product/Technology Risks Related to Our Business Fraudulent or unpermitted data access and other cyber-security or privacy breaches may negatively impact our business and harm our reputation. Security breaches in our facilities, computer networks, and data repositories may cause harm to our business and reputation and result in a loss of customers. Many of our solutions involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, which are significantly complex with various uses across businesses and locations. With a large number of inter-related systems, keeping the technology current and managing vulnerabilities is challenging. As with other global companies, our systems are regularly subject to cyber-attacks, cyber-threats, attempts at fraudulent access, physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar disruptive problems. As cyber-threats continue to evolve, we are required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and enhance our protective measures and to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities and incidents. Despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate or detect all security breaches or fraudulent access attempts, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches or fraudulent access attempts. Cyber-threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate, prevent or detect all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss. Third-party contractors, including cloud-based service providers, also may experience security breaches involving the storage and transmission of proprietary information. If users gain improper access to our data repositories, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify confidential third-party information that is stored or transmitted on our networks. Our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. In addition, to access our network, products and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks. In addition, customers , employees or other s misuse of and/or gaining fraudulent or unpermitted access to or failure to properly secure our information or services could cause harm to our business and reputation and result in loss of customers. Any such misappropriation and/or misuse of or failure to properly secure our information could result in us, among other things, being in breach of certain data protection and related legislation. A security or privacy breach may affect us in the following ways: deterring customers from using our solutions; deterring data suppliers from supplying data to us; harming our reputation; exposing us to liability; increasing operating expenses to correct problems caused by the breach; affecting our ability to meet customers expectations; and/or causing inquiry from governmental authorities. Incidents in which consumer data has been fraudulently or improperly acquired or viewed, or any other security or privacy breaches, have in the past occurred, and may in the future occur and could go undetected. The number of potentially affected consumers identified by any future incidents is inherently uncertain. Any such incident could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third-party suppliers, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact our reputation and materially impact our business. 18 Table of Contents We may lose key business assets, through the loss of data center capacity or the interruption of cloud computing, telecommunications links, the internet, or power sources, which could significantly impede our ability to do business. Our operations depend on our ability, as well as that of third-party service providers to whom we have outsourced several critical functions, to protect data centers, whether in cloud or dedicated environments, and related technology against damage from hardware failure, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, impacts of terrorism, breaches in security (such as the actions of computer hackers), natural disasters, or other disasters. Certain of our facilities are located in areas that could be impacted by coastal flooding, earthquakes or other disasters. The online services we provide are dependent on links to telecommunications providers. In addition, we generate a significant amount of our revenues through websites and call centers that we utilize in the acquisition of new customers, fulfillment of solutions and services and responding to customer inquiries. We may not have sufficient redundant operations to cover a loss or failure in all of these areas in a timely manner. Certain of our customer contracts provide that our online servers may not be unavailable for specified periods of time. Any damage to our or our third-party service provider s data centers, failure of our telecommunications links or inability to access these websites or call centers could cause interruptions in operations that materially adversely affect our ability to meet customers requirements, resulting in decreased revenue, operating income and earnings per share. A technology vendor that provides critical services, such as cloud-based infrastructure, creates a single point of failure resulting in pricing or contract lock-in risk. As our operations migrate to a cloud-based information technology infrastructure and delivery model (distributed computing infrastructure platform for business), systems are consolidated into a smaller number of large infrastructure suppliers. We cannot easily switch cloud providers, meaning that any disruption of or interference with our use of a particular supplier, would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. Any of the few of these suppliers could suffer an outage which would in turn result in an outage for one or more of our products. These suppliers could also be subject to regulatory actions, or conflicts of interest which could force us to seek alternative suppliers in a short time period, at an economic disadvantage. AI use by our customers or other third parties could result in the replacement of our existing products and/or solutions or the reduction of their relevance. Many of our products rely on proprietary or copyrighted material which could be fed into AI models without our knowledge. Evolved AI-based ecosystems and workflow automation developed by our customers or generic datasets enhanced by AI could compete more effectively with our products or solutions. This could result in duplication of our products or solutions by AI tools and reduce the relevance or value proposition of such products or solutions. Our own use of AI to enhance our products could lead to unanticipated consequences such as ethical, compliance, privacy-observing, bias-reducing, and/or intellectual property issues. Increasing use of AI, including but not limited to generative AI models and agentic AI processes, in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries and raise ethical, technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively impact our brands and demand for our products and services. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge, or the emerging cybersecurity regulations in jurisdictions worldwide. Additionally, we are actively adding new AI features to our services. Because the AI landscape is developing and inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful or will not harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Product features that rely on AI may be susceptible to unanticipated security threats from sophisticated adversaries. We use analytical models to assist our customers in key areas, such as underwriting, claims, reserving, and catastrophe risks, but actual results could differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses. We use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with our products. We use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist customers with decision-making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk). The modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use of historical internal and industry data. In addition, the modeled outputs and related analyses may occasionally contain inaccuracies, perhaps in material respects, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or applications thereof. Climate change and other variables may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. If, based upon these models or other factors, we provide inaccurate information to customers, or overestimate the risks we are exposed to, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 19 Table of Contents Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Related to Our Business We will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed. Our success depends, in part, upon our intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and distribution to protect our proprietary technology. This protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. In addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. Businesses we acquire also often involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges we face in protecting our strategic advantage. Any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. Our protection of our intellectual property rights in the U.S. or abroad may not be adequate and others, including our competitors, may use our proprietary technology without our consent. Furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Regulatory developments could negatively impact our business. Because personal, public and non-public information is stored in some of our data repositories, we are vulnerable to government regulation and policy, as well as adverse publicity concerning the use of our data. We provide many types of data and services that already are subject to regulation under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Driver s Privacy Protection Act, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and to a lesser extent, various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are designed to protect the privacy of the public and to prevent the misuse of personal information in the marketplace. However, many consumer advocates, privacy advocates, and government regulators believe that the existing laws and regulations do not adequately protect privacy. They have become increasingly concerned with the use of personal information, particularly social security numbers, department of motor vehicle data and dates of birth. As a result, they are lobbying for further restrictions on the dissemination or commercial use of personal information to the public and private sectors. Similar initiatives are under way in other countries in which we do business or from which we source data. We have implemented various measures to comply with the data privacy and protection principles of the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, however, there can be no assurances that such methods will be deemed fully compliant. If we are unable to comply with the data privacy and protection principles adopted pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, it will impede our ability to conduct business between the U.S. and the E.U. which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The following legal and regulatory developments also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows: amendment, enactment, interpretation of laws and regulations or implementation of policy which restrict the access and use of personal information and reduce the supply of data available to customers; changes in cultural and consumer attitudes to favor further restrictions on information collection and sharing, which may lead to regulations that prevent full utilization of our solutions; failure of our solutions or business processes or policies to meet or comply with current and future laws and regulations and their interpretations