=== BIIB_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business We are substantially dependent on revenue from our products. Our revenue depends upon continued sales of our products as well as the financial rights we have in our anti-CD20 therapeutic programs. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated on sales of our products in increasingly competitive markets. Any of the following negative developments relating to any of our products or any of our anti-CD20 therapeutic programs may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations or our stock price: • the introduction, greater acceptance or more favorable reimbursement of competing products, including new originator therapies, generics, prodrugs and biosimilars of existing products and products approved under abbreviated regulatory pathways; • safety or efficacy issues; • limitations and additional pressures on product pricing or price increases, including those relating to inflation and those resulting from governmental or regulatory requirements, including those relating to any future potential drug price negotiation under the IRA or other legislative or executive acts; increased competition, including from generic or biosimilar versions of our products; or changes in, or implementation of, reimbursement policies and practices of payors and other third parties; • adverse legal, administrative, geopolitical, regulatory or legislative developments; and • our ability to maintain a positive reputation among patients, healthcare providers and others, which may be impacted by our pricing and reimbursement decisions. LEQEMBI is in the early stages of commercial launch in the U.S. and certain international markets and SKYCLARYS is in the early stages of commercial launch in certain European markets. In addition to risks associated with new product launches and the other factors described in these Risk Factors, Biogen’s and Eisai’s ability to successfully commercialize LEQEMBI and our ability to successfully commercialize SKYCLARYS may be adversely affected due to: • Eisai’s ability to obtain and maintain adequate reimbursement for LEQEMBI; • the effectiveness of Eisai's and Biogen’s commercial strategy for marketing LEQEMBI; • requirements such as participation in a registry and the use of imaging or other diagnostics for LEQEMBI; • our ability to obtain approval in other markets; • the approval and/or greater acceptance of other new products for the same or similar indications; • Eisai’s and Biogen’s ability to maintain a positive reputation among patients, healthcare providers and others in the Alzheimer’s disease community, which may be impacted by pricing and reimbursement decisions relating to LEQEMBI, which are made by Eisai and/or third parties; • Biogen's ability to obtain and maintain adequate reimbursement for SKYCLARYS; and • the effectiveness of Biogen's commercial strategy for marketing SKYCLARYS. Our long-term success depends upon the successful development of new products and additional indications for our existing products. Our long-term success depends upon the successful development of new products from our research and development activities or our licenses or acquisitions from third parties, as well as the development of additional indications for our existing products. Product development is very expensive and involves a high degree of uncertainty and risk and is not always successful. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. It is difficult to predict the success and the time and cost of product development of novel approaches for the treatment of diseases. The development of novel approaches for the treatment of diseases, including development efforts in new modalities such as those based on the ASO platform, presents additional challenges and risks, including obtaining approval from regulatory authorities that have limited experience with the development of such therapies. For example, we are currently seeking approval of a subcutaneous formulation of LEQEMBI as a starting dose in the U.S. and any delays or challenges may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from LEQEMBI. Clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and even if we view data as sufficient to support the safety, effectiveness and/or approval of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may disagree and may require additional data, limit the scope of the approval or deny approval altogether. Furthermore, the approval of a product candidate by one regulatory agency does not mean that other regulatory agencies will also approve such product candidate. 39 Table of Contents Success in preclinical work or early stage clinical trials does not ensure that later stage or larger scale clinical trials will be successful. Clinical trials may indicate that our product candidates lack efficacy, have harmful side effects, result in unexpected adverse events or raise other concerns that may significantly reduce or delay the likelihood of regulatory approval. This may result in terminated programs, significant restrictions on use, safety warnings in an approved label, adverse placement within the treatment paradigm or significant reduction in the commercial potential of the product candidate. Even if we could successfully develop new products or additional indications for our existing products, we may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of a product candidate or an additional indication for our existing products if, for example, we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to the standard of care or we prioritize other opportunities in our pipeline. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and market position would suffer. The biopharmaceutical industry and the markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete in the marketing and sale of our products, the development of new products and processes, the acquisition of rights to new products with commercial potential and the hiring and retention of personnel. We compete with companies that have a greater number of products on the market and in the product pipeline, substantially greater financial, marketing, research and development and other resources, and other technological or competitive advantages. Our products continue to face increasing competition from the introduction of new originator therapies, generics, prodrugs and biosimilars of existing products and products approved under abbreviated regulatory pathways. Some of these products are likely to be sold at substantially lower prices than our branded products. The introduction of such products as well as other lower-priced competing products has in the past reduced, and may in the future significantly reduce, both the price that we are able to charge for our products and the volume of products we sell, which has and may continue to negatively impact our revenue. In addition, in some markets, when a generic or biosimilar version of one of our products is commercialized, it has in the past and may in the future be automatically substituted for our product and significantly reduce our revenue in a short period of time. Our ability to compete, maintain and grow our business may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: • the introduction of other products, including products that may be more efficacious, safer, less expensive or more convenient alternatives to our products, including our own products and products of our collaborators; • the off-label use by physicians of therapies indicated for other conditions to treat patients; • patient dynamics, including the size of the patient population and our ability to identify, attract and maintain new and current patients to our therapies; • the reluctance of physicians to prescribe, and patients to use, our products without additional data on the efficacy and safety of such products; • damage to physician and patient confidence in any of our products, generic or biosimilars of our products or any other product from the same class as one of our products, or to our sales and reputation as a result of label changes, pricing and reimbursement decisions or adverse experiences or events that may occur with patients treated with our products or generic or biosimilars of our products; • inability to obtain and maintain appropriate pricing and adequate reimbursement for our products compared to our competitors in key markets; and • our ability to obtain and maintain patent, data or market exclusivity for our products. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not successfully execute or realize the anticipated benefits of our strategic and growth initiatives. The successful execution of our strategic and growth initiatives depends upon internal development projects, commercial initiatives and external opportunities, which may include the acquisition and in-licensing of products, technologies, companies, the entry into strategic alliances and collaborations, as well as our ability to execute on strategic decisions and initiatives. While we believe we have a number of promising programs in our pipeline, failure or delay of internal development projects to advance or difficulties in executing on our commercial initiatives could impact our current and future growth, resulting in additional reliance on external development opportunities for growth. Supporting the further development of our existing products and potential new products in our pipeline will require significant capital expenditures and management resources, including investments in research and development, sales and marketing, manufacturing capabilities and other areas of our business. 40 Table of Contents We have made, and may continue to make, significant operating and capital expenditures for potential new products prior to regulatory approval with no assurance that such investment will be recouped, which may adversely affect our financial condition, business and operations. The availability of high quality, fairly valued external product development is limited and the opportunity to acquire or in-license is highly competitive. As such, we are not certain that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for acquisition or in-licensing or if we will be able to reach agreement to make any such acquisition or in-license if suitable candidates are identified. We may fail to initiate or complete transactions for many reasons, including failure to obtain regulatory or other approvals as well as a result of disputes or litigation. Furthermore, we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from transactions, collaborations or strategic decisions, such as the decision to retain the biosimilars business, or the benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. We may also face additional costs or liabilities in completed transactions that were not contemplated prior to completion. Any failure in the execution of a transaction, in the integration of an acquired asset or business or in achieving expected synergies could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the recording of asset impairment charges and other actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face risks associated with our Fit for Growth program that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated savings and operational efficiencies or that may otherwise harm our business. These risks include delays in implementation of cost optimization actions, loss of workforce capabilities, higher than anticipated separation expenses, litigation and the failure to meet financial and operational targets. In addition, the calculation of the anticipated cost savings and other benefits resulting from our Fit for Growth program are subject to many estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. If these estimates and assumptions are incorrect or if we experience delays or unforeseen events, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Sales of our products depend, to a significant extent, on the availability and extent of adequate coverage, pricing and reimbursement from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, which are subject to increasing and intense pressure from political, social, competitive and other sources. Our inability to obtain and maintain adequate coverage, or a reduction in pricing or reimbursement, could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, revenue and results of operations. Sales of our products depend, to a significant extent, on the availability and extent of adequate coverage, pricing and reimbursement from governmental health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. When a new pharmaceutical product is approved, the availability of government and private reimbursement for that product, diagnosis of the condition it treats and the cost to administer it may be uncertain, as is the pricing and amount for which that product will be reimbursed. Pricing and reimbursement for our products may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: • changes in, and implementation of, federal, state or foreign government regulations or private third-party payors’ reimbursement policies; • pressure by employers on private health insurance plans to reduce costs; • consolidation and increasing assertiveness of governmental health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations seeking price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our products on their formularies and, in some cases, the imposition of restrictions on access or coverage of particular drugs or pricing determined based on perceived value; • our ability to receive reimbursement for our products or our ability to receive comparable reimbursement to that of competing products; and • our value-based contracting program pursuant to which we aim to tie the pricing of our products to their clinical values by either aligning price to patient outcomes or adjusting price for patients who discontinue therapy for any reason, including efficacy or tolerability concerns. Our ability to set the price for our products varies significantly from country to country and, as a result, so can the price of our products. Governments may use a variety of cost-containment measures to control the cost of products, including price cuts, mandatory rebates, value-based pricing and reference pricing (i.e., referencing prices in other countries and using those reference prices to set a price). Drug prices are under significant scrutiny in the markets in which our products are prescribed; for example the IRA has certain provisions related to drug pricing, including the ability for the U.S. government to set prices for certain drugs in Medicare. We expect drug pricing and other healthcare costs to continue to be subject to political or societal pressures on a global basis. Certain countries set prices by reference to the prices in other countries where our products are marketed. Our inability to obtain and 41 Table of Contents maintain adequate prices in a particular country has limited, and may in the future limit, the revenue from our products within that country and has, and may in the future, also adversely affect our ability to secure acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets, which has limited, and may in the future limit, market growth and result in reductions in revenue. This has created, or may create, the opportunity for third-party cross-border trade or influence our decision to sell or not to sell a product, thus adversely affecting our geographic expansion plans and revenue. Additionally, in certain jurisdictions governmental health agencies are permitted to adjust, retroactively and/or prospectively, reimbursement rates for our products. Reimbursement for our products by governments, including the timing of any reimbursements, are also affected by budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. Government agencies often do not set their own budgets and therefore, have limited control over the amount of money they can spend. In addition, these agencies experience political pressure that dictate the manner in which they spend money. There can be no assurance that the economic, budgeting or political issues will not worsen and adversely impact sales or reimbursements of our products. Competition from current and future competitors has and may continue to negatively impact our ability to maintain pricing and our market share. New products marketed by our competitors have caused and could continue to cause our revenue to decrease due to potential price reductions and lower sales volumes. Additionally, the introduction of generic or biosimilar versions of our products, follow-on products, prodrugs or products approved under abbreviated regulatory pathways has and may continue to significantly reduce the price and the volume of products we sell. Many third-party payors continue to adopt benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription costs to patients, including more limited benefit plan designs, higher patient co-pay or co-insurance obligations and limitations on patients' use of commercial manufacturer co-pay payment assistance programs (including through co-pay accumulator adjustment or maximization programs). Significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and pharmacy benefit managers exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers, significantly increasing discounts and rebates required of manufacturers and limiting patient access and usage. Further consolidation among insurers, pharmacy benefit managers and other payors would increase the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other drug manufacturers. Additional discounts, rebates, coverage or plan changes, restrictions or exclusions as described above could have a material adverse effect on sales of our affected products. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage, pricing or reimbursement for our products could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, revenue and results of operations, could curtail or eliminate our ability to adequately fund research and development programs and/or could cause a decline or volatility in our stock price. We depend on relationships with collaborators and other third parties for revenue, and for the development, regulatory approval, commercialization and marketing of certain of our products and product candidates, which are outside of our full control, and if these relationships fail, our business may be adversely affected. We rely on a number of collaborative and other third-party relationships for revenue and the development, regulatory approval, commercialization and marketing of certain of our products and product candidates. We also outsource certain aspects of our regulatory affairs and clinical development relating to our products and product candidates to third parties. Reliance on third parties subjects us to a number of risks, including: • we may be unable to control the resources our collaborators or third parties devote to our programs, products or product candidates, which may affect our ability to achieve development goals or milestones; • disputes may arise under an agreement, including with respect to the achievement and payment of milestones, payment of development or commercial costs, ownership of rights to technology developed, and the underlying agreement may fail to provide us with significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if the collaborators or third parties fail to perform; • the interests of our collaborators or third parties may not always align with our interests, and such parties may not protect and enforce any intellectual property rights or pursue regulatory approvals or market a product in the same manner or to the same extent that we would, which could adversely affect our revenue, or may adopt tax strategies that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition; • the inability of the parties to cooperate effectively, which could adversely affect product sales or the clinical development or regulatory approvals of product candidates under joint control, could result in termination of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or could result in litigation or arbitration; • any failure on the part of our collaborators or third parties to comply with applicable laws, including tax laws, regulatory requirements and/or applicable contractual obligations or to fulfill any responsibilities they may have to protect and enforce any intellectual property rights underlying our products could have an adverse effect on our revenue or reputation as well as involve us in possible legal proceedings; 42 Table of Contents • disruptions, turnover or changes in strategy, priorities or capabilities at our collaborators resulting from, for example, a change in control, may impact the commercialization or manufacturing of our shared products and may result in loss of revenue or higher operating expense; and • any improper conduct or actions on the part of our collaborators or third parties could subject us to civil or criminal investigations and monetary and injunctive penalties, require management attention, impact the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting and/or adversely impact our business and our reputation. Given these risks, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative efforts. If these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of new products could be delayed, revenue from products could decline and/or we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these arrangements. Our results of operations may be adversely affected by current and potential future healthcare reforms including those contained in the PPACA, IRA, OBBBA, MFN and executive orders. In the U.S., federal and state legislatures, health agencies and third-party payors continue to focus on the cost of healthcare. Legislative and regulatory proposals, enactments to reform healthcare insurance programs (including those in the IRA and OBBBA) and increasing pressure from social sources could significantly influence the manner in which our products are prescribed, purchased and reimbursed. For example, provisions of the PPACA have resulted in changes in the way healthcare is paid for by both governmental and private insurers, including increased rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, the requirement that manufacturers participate in a discount program for certain outpatient drugs under Medicare Part D and under Section 340B of the PHS Act and similar state legislation. These changes have had and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our business. In July 2025 the U.S. signed into law the OBBBA, which enacts significant potential changes to Medicaid funding and rescinds or does not continue elements of the PPACA. The OBBBA implements additional eligibility rules on government health plans, expands administrative procedures around enrollment, modifies how states can obtain federal funding for Medicaid and no longer extends ACA premium subsidies. Additional federal and state guidance is expected to be issued in order to implement these OBBBA provisions, most of which have effective dates in 2027 and 2028. At this time, we are unable to determine the overall impact that the OBBBA will have on our business, results of operations and financial condition, or the impact the OBBBA will have on the pharmaceutical industry as a whole because any such impact will depend upon developing interpretations of the OBBBA provisions and implementing regulations, which may be material. We may face uncertainties as a result of efforts to repeal, substantially modify or invalidate some or all of the provisions of the PPACA. There is no assurance that the PPACA, as currently enacted or as amended in the future, will not adversely affect our business and financial results, and we cannot predict how future federal or state legislative or administrative changes relating to healthcare reform will affect our business. There is substantial public attention on the costs of prescription drugs and we expect drug pricing and other healthcare costs to continue to be subject to political and societal pressures globally. In addition, there have been, and are expected to continue to be, legislative proposals to address prescription drug pricing. We face uncertainties regarding potential healthcare reforms, governmental policy and prioritization. The uncertainty about the future of the PPACA and healthcare laws may put downward pressure on drug pricing and increase our regulatory burdens and operating costs. For example, we expect the IRA's drug pricing controls and Medicare Part D redesign to have an adverse impact on sales, particularly for our products that are more substantially reliant on Medicare reimbursement. Additionally, the current government administration has introduced various measures to address prescription drug pricing and access, including through issuance of an executive order aiming to establish an MFN drug pricing policy that would tie U.S. drug prices to the prices paid for drugs in other developed countries. If HHS sets MFN pricing targets for prescription drugs, including the use of international pricing reference to set drug prices in the U.S., or if legislation is passed enabling generic drug or biosimilar entry sooner than expected, our business could be materially harmed, including with respect to our ability to set adequate pricing for new drugs to recover our research and development costs. Additional proposals, regulations or initiatives related to drug pricing, such as the CMS-proposed MFN initiatives, the Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing for certain Medicare Part B drugs and the Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs for certain Medicare Part D drugs, continue to be debated, and additional executive orders or regulatory initiatives focused on drug pricing and competition may be adopted and implemented in some form. The timing and extent of implementation of any of the measures described above is uncertain and we cannot fully predict their impact on our product candidates and our business. The adoption of these and any other government controls and measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could exclude or limit our product candidates from coverage, limit payments for 43 Table of Contents pharmaceuticals, limit our ability to launch products in certain markets and impact healthcare systems and drug markets in the U.S. and abroad, thereby negatively affecting our revenue and adversely impacting our business. There is also significant economic pressure on state budgets, that may result in states increasingly seeking to achieve budget savings through mechanisms that limit coverage or payment for our drugs. Some states have considered legislation and ballot initiatives that would control the prices of drugs, including laws to allow importation of pharmaceutical products from lower cost jurisdictions outside the U.S. and laws intended to impose price controls on state drug purchases. State Medicaid programs are requesting manufacturers to pay supplemental rebates and requiring prior authorization by the state program for use of any drug for which supplemental rebates are not being paid. Government efforts to reduce Medicaid expense may lead to increased use of managed care organizations by Medicaid programs. This may result in managed care organizations influencing prescription decisions for a larger segment of the population and a corresponding limitation on prices and reimbursement for our products. In the E.U. and some other international markets, the government provides healthcare at low cost to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility or reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. Many countries have announced or implemented measures, and may in the future implement new or additional measures, to reduce healthcare costs to limit the overall level of government expenditures. These measures vary by country and may include, among other things, patient access restrictions, suspensions on price increases, prospective and possible retroactive price reductions and other recoupments and increased mandatory discounts or rebates, recoveries of past price increases and greater importation of drugs from lower-cost countries. These measures have negatively impacted our revenue and may continue to adversely affect our revenue and results of operations in the future. Our success in commercializing biosimilars is subject to risks and uncertainties inherent in the development, manufacture and commercialization of biosimilars. If we are unsuccessful, our business may be adversely affected. The development, manufacture and commercialization of biosimilars require specialized expertise and are costly and subject to complex regulation. Our success in commercializing biosimilars is subject to a number of risks, including: • Reliance on Third Parties. We are dependent, in part, on the efforts of collaboration partners and other third parties for the development and ma

=== BIIB_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business We are substantially dependent on revenue from our products. Our revenue depends upon continued sales of our products as well as the financial rights we have in our anti-CD20 therapeutic programs. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated on sales of our products in increasingly competitive markets. Any of the following negative developments relating to any of our products or any of our anti-CD20 therapeutic programs may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations or our stock price: • the introduction, greater acceptance or more favorable reimbursement of competing products, including new originator therapies, generics, prodrugs and biosimilars of existing products and products approved under abbreviated regulatory pathways; • safety or efficacy issues; • limitations and additional pressures on product pricing or price increases, including those relating to inflation and those resulting from governmental or regulatory requirements, including those relating to any future potential drug price negotiation under the IRA or other legislative or executive acts; increased competition, including from generic or biosimilar versions of our products; or changes in, or implementation of, reimbursement policies and practices of payors and other third parties; • adverse legal, administrative, geopolitical, regulatory or legislative developments; and • our ability to maintain a positive reputation among patients, healthcare providers and others, which may be impacted by our pricing and reimbursement decisions. LEQEMBI is in the early stages of commercial launch in the U.S. and certain international markets and SKYCLARYS is in the early stages of commercial launch in certain European markets. In addition to risks associated with new product launches and the other factors described in these Risk Factors, Biogen’s and Eisai’s ability to successfully commercialize LEQEMBI and our ability to successfully commercialize SKYCLARYS may be adversely affected due to: • Eisai’s ability to obtain and maintain adequate reimbursement for LEQEMBI; • the effectiveness of Eisai's and Biogen’s commercial strategy for marketing LEQEMBI; • requirements such as participation in a registry and the use of imaging or other diagnostics for LEQEMBI; • our ability to obtain approval in other markets; • the approval and/or greater acceptance of other new products for the same or similar indications; • Eisai’s and Biogen’s ability to maintain a positive reputation among patients, healthcare providers and others in the Alzheimer’s disease community, which may be impacted by pricing and reimbursement decisions relating to LEQEMBI, which are made by Eisai and/or third parties; • Biogen's ability to obtain and maintain adequate reimbursement for SKYCLARYS; and • the effectiveness of Biogen's commercial strategy for marketing SKYCLARYS. Our long-term success depends upon the successful development of new products and additional indications for our existing products. Our long-term success depends upon the successful development of new products from our research and development activities or our licenses or acquisitions from third parties, as well as the development of additional indications for our existing products. Product development is very expensive and involves a high degree of uncertainty and risk and is not always successful. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. It is difficult to predict the success and the time and cost of product development of novel approaches for the treatment of diseases. The development of novel approaches for the treatment of diseases, including development efforts in new modalities such as those based on the ASO platform, presents additional challenges and risks, including obtaining approval from regulatory authorities that have limited experience with the development of such therapies. For example, we are currently seeking approval of a 70 Table of Contents subcutaneous formulation of LEQEMBI as a starting dose in the U.S. and any delays or challenges may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from LEQEMBI. Clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and even if we view data as sufficient to support the safety, effectiveness and/or approval of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may disagree and may require additional data, limit the scope of the approval or deny approval altogether. Furthermore, the approval of a product candidate by one regulatory agency does not mean that other regulatory agencies will also approve such product candidate. Success in preclinical work or early stage clinical trials does not ensure that later stage or larger scale clinical trials will be successful. Clinical trials may indicate that our product candidates lack efficacy, have harmful side effects, result in unexpected adverse events or raise other concerns that may significantly reduce or delay the likelihood of regulatory approval. This may result in terminated programs, significant restrictions on use, safety warnings in an approved label, adverse placement within the treatment paradigm or significant reduction in the commercial potential of the product candidate. Even if we could successfully develop new products or additional indications for our existing products, we may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of a product candidate or an additional indication for our existing products if, for example, we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to the standard of care or we prioritize other opportunities in our pipeline. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and market position would suffer. The biopharmaceutical industry and the markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We compete in the marketing and sale of our products, the development of new products and processes, the acquisition of rights to new products with commercial potential and the hiring and retention of personnel. We compete with companies that have a greater number of products on the market and in the product pipeline, substantially greater financial, marketing, research and development and other resources, and other technological or competitive advantages. Our products continue to face increasing competition from the introduction of new originator therapies, generics, prodrugs and biosimilars of existing products and products approved under abbreviated regulatory pathways. Some of these products are likely to be sold at substantially lower prices than our branded products. The introduction of such products as well as other lower-priced competing products has in the past reduced, and may in the future significantly reduce, both the price that we are able to charge for our products and the volume of products we sell, which has and may continue to negatively impact our revenue. In addition, in some markets, when a generic or biosimilar version of one of our products is commercialized, it has in the past and may in the future be automatically substituted for our product and significantly reduce our revenue in a short period of time. Our ability to compete, maintain and grow our business may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: • the introduction of other products, including products that may be more efficacious, safer, less expensive or more convenient alternatives to our products, including our own products and products of our collaborators; • the off-label use by physicians of therapies indicated for other conditions to treat patients; • patient dynamics, including the size of the patient population and our ability to identify, attract and maintain new and current patients to our therapies; • the reluctance of physicians to prescribe, and patients to use, our products without additional data on the efficacy and safety of such products; • damage to physician and patie