=== OMC_2026-03-26.htm.gz ===
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Omnicom Group Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents A Letter from Omnicom s Lead Independent Director To My Fellow Shareholders: This past year was one of significant transformation for Omnicom, capped by our successful acquisition of The Interpublic Group of Companies (IPG), creating the world s leading marketing and sales company, built for intelligent growth in the next era. Together with the acquired IPG companies, the new Omnicom unites the industry s most comprehensive and connected portfolio of capabilities, creating stronger brands, delivering superior business outcomes, and driving sustainable growth. We are actively leveraging strategic advantages resulting from the IPG acquisition, which provide a competitive edge across every dimension of state -of-the-art marketing and sales, including our media ecosystem, influential content, connected commerce excellence, enterprise generative AI capabilities, and identity solutions. Built on these combined strengths, in January we launched the new Omni, our next generation marketing intelligence platform, which uses leading -edge AI to capture the full breadth of the marketing ecosystem and empower our client leaders in doing their most creative and intelligent work. We also recently hosted an Investor Day, where we shared an update on Omnicom s go -forward strategic priorities and capital allocation strategy, including the $5 billion dollar share repurchase program approved by the Board earlier this year. Throughout our planning for the IPG acquisition, the Board remained focused on identifying our industry s most exceptional talent and building a dedicated, expert leadership team to guide execution of our strategic objectives and deliver long -term shareholder value, appointing several leaders across our connected capabilities and enterprise -wide teams by the close of 2025. Our Chairman and CEO, John Wren, has provided clear and consistent leadership during this pivotal time, building on Omnicom s competitive advantages, retaining top talent, and navigating relationships with clients. His continued leadership in the coming years, as clarified in his amended employment agreement, will provide critical continuity and execution of our strategy through this period of integration and transformation. As we look ahead, the Board remains focused on CEO and senior management succession planning, as well as talent development for our senior leadership team to ensure a smooth transition at the appropriate time. The Board was pleased to welcome three new directors from IPG s board in November: former IPG CEO Philippe Krakowsky, who also assumed the role of Omnicom s Co -President and Co -COO , and independent directors Patrick Moore and Lee Wyatt, who bring deep industry knowledge, financial expertise, and experience across technology and digital transformation to the boardroom. Their addition to the Board enhances the overall mix of perspectives and relevant skill sets our directors collectively possess, supporting effective oversight of Omnicom s business. We are well positioned for future growth as our Chairman and CEO, John Wren, along with the Company s management team, and our exceptionally talented global workforce drive our business forward, setting the standard for marketing and sales leadership by providing unmatched services to the world s leading brands and innovative solutions to their most critical growth challenges. My fellow directors and I look forward to working with management as we move forward in this new era for Omnicom. On behalf of the Board, thank you for your continued support and investment in Omnicom. Mary C. Choksi Lead Independent Director 2 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Subject: 1. Elect the director nominees named in the Proxy Statement accompanying this notice to Omnicom Group Inc. s (the Company, we, us or our ) Board of Directors (the Board ) to serve until the Company s 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until the election and qualification of their respective successors. 2. Vote on an advisory resolution to approve executive compensation. 3. Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote: FOR each of the director nominees; FOR the advisory resolution to approve executive compensation; and FOR the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent auditors. The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held in a virtual meeting format only, via live webcast, and there will not be a physical meeting location. You will be able to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders online and vote your shares and submit questions electronically at the meeting. Shareholders will also transact any other business that is properly presented at the meeting. At this time, we know of no other matters that will be presented. In accordance with the rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, we sent a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials on or about March 26, 2026, and provided access to our proxy materials on the Internet, beginning on March 26, 2026, to the holders of record and beneficial owners of shares of our common stock as of the close of business on the record date. Please sign and return your proxy card or vote by telephone or Internet (instructions are on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials), so that your shares will be represented at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, whether or not you plan to attend. You may attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders online by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OMC2026 and entering the 16 -digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card. Additional information about the meeting is included below in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled Information About Voting and the Meeting. Meeting Date: Tuesday, May 5, 2026 Time: 10:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time Online Only: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OMC2026 Record Date: March 9, 2026 Louis F. Januzzi Secretary New York, New York March 26, 2026 www.omc.com 3 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information about the items to be voted on at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (or 2026 Annual Meeting ). This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider in deciding how to vote. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations ITEM 1: Election of Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the director nominees. We have conducted a comprehensive evaluation of director skill sets to enable each director s unique qualifications and attributes to collectively support the oversight of Omnicom s management. Each of our directors is elected annually by a majority of votes cast. 12 of Omnicom s 14 director nominees are independent, and each of the Audit, Compensation, Governance and Finance Committees is comprised solely of independent directors. See page 13 for further information DIRECTOR NOMINEES Name and Age Principal Occupation Director Since Omnicom Standing Committees Other Current Public Company Boards Mary C. Choksi, ( I ), 75 Lead Independent Director Former Founding Partner and Senior Managing Director, Strategic Investment Group 2011 A (Chair) C White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. Leonard S. Coleman, Jr. ( I ), 77 Former President, National League of Professional Baseball Clubs 1993 C G (Chair) Mark D. Gerstein, ( I ), 66 Former Partner, Latham Watkins LLP 2022 A F Ronnie S. Hawkins, ( I ), 57 Partner, Global Infrastructure Partners 2018 C G Deborah J. Kissire, ( I ), 68 Former Vice Chair and Regional Managing Partner, EY 2016 A F (Chair) Cable One, Inc. Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. Celanese Corporation Philippe Krakowsky, 63 Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer, Omnicom 2025 Gracia C. Martore, ( I ), 74 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, TEGNA Inc. 2017 A C (Chair) United Rentals, Inc. Patrick Q. Moore, ( I ), 56 Chief Executive Officer, Opry Entertainment Group 2025 Patricia Salas Pineda, ( I ), 74 Former Group Vice President of Hispanic Business Strategy, Toyota Motor North America 2022 G F Frontier Group Holdings, Inc. Portland General Electric Linda Johnson Rice, ( I ), 68 Chief Executive Officer, Johnson Publishing Company 2000 C G Enova International, Inc. Cassandra Santos, ( I ), 56 Chief Technology Officer, Caliber 2024 F G DTE Energy Co. 4 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Name and Age Principal Occupation Director Since Omnicom Standing Committees Other Current Public Company Boards Valerie M. Williams, ( I ), 69 Former Assurance Managing Partner, EY 2016 A F Devon Energy Corporation DTE Energy Co. John D. Wren, 73 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Omnicom 1993 E. Lee Wyatt Jr., ( I ), 73 Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Fortune Brands 2025 ( I ) : Independent A : Audit C : Compensation F : Finance G : Governance Board Nominees Snapshot Independence Gender New Director Refreshment Current Tenure of 2026 Nominees www.omc.com 5 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Experience, Skills and Composition Our director nominees are accomplished leaders who bring a mix of experiences and skills to the Board. Our Board has identified skill categories fundamental to its ability to effectively oversee Omnicom s current and forward -looking strategy and management, and undertakes a comprehensive evaluation so that these skills are well represented on the Board. Three former directors of The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. ( IPG ), including IPG s former Chief Executive Officer, Philippe Krakowsky, joined the Board on November 26, 2025 (the Closing Date ), upon the closing of our acquisition of IPG. The directors bring fresh perspectives, a strong mix of valuable skills, and a deep understanding of IPG s companies to the Board. The addition of these directors strengthens our Board s ability to effectively oversee the combined company integration and management s execution against business strategy. Prior to the former IPG directors joining the Board, Cassandra Santos joined the Board on January 1, 2024 as part of our continued refreshment process. Ms. Santos contributes relevant technology, cybersecurity, digital transformation and AI expertise to the Board. Our Board is comprised of seven women and seven men. Four of our directors are Black, two are Hispanic and eight are White. See pages 14 and 15 for further information. 6 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS The Board has adopted, and periodically reviews, policies and procedures to guide it in its oversight responsibilities. These policies and procedures provide a framework for the proper operation of our Company and align with shareholders interests. Shareholder Rights Independent Oversight Good Governance Annual election of all directors Majority voting standard in uncontested elections Proxy access rights consistent with overwhelming market practice Right to call a special meeting of the Board with 10% ownership threshold Right to act by written consent Longstanding shareholder engagement program and history of incorporating shareholder perspectives All directors are independent except the Chairman, who also serves as CEO, and Mr. Krakowsky, who also serves as Co -President and Co -Chief Operating Officer New Lead Independent Director appointed effective January 1, 2024 Engaged Lead Independent Director with clear and robust responsibilities, which were further expanded in 2023 Executive sessions of our independent non -management directors are conducted on a regular basis All Board committees are comprised solely of independent directors Comprehensive oversight of strategy and risk Annual Board and committee evaluations and skill set assessment Strong equity ownership requirement for executives and directors (3x to 6x base salary for executives; 5x annual cash retainer for directors) Overboarding policy for our directors with numerical limits that are publicly disclosed in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and reviewed on an annual basis Maintain a robust Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, and Supplier Code of Conduct Direct and ongoing engagement with auditors, counsel and advisors SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Ongoing shareholder engagement is a priority for our Board and management team. In the fall of 2025, we reached out to shareholders holding 75% of our outstanding shares with an invitation to engage. We spoke to every shareholder that accepted our invitation, which represented an aggregate of 30% of our outstanding shares. As in prior years, our Lead Independent Director was an active participant in select shareholder meetings. Broad topics discussed included: Company strategy and performance Board composition, refreshment and leadership IPG acquisition and integration Management succession planning Executive compensation program Governance practices Human capital management initiatives www.omc.com 7 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY We have made a number of changes in recent years that are aligned with perspectives shared through ongoing shareholder engagement efforts, which management regularly reviews with the Board, including: Topics discussed with shareholders Board and management actions Board Leadership A large majority of our shareholders indicated they are supportive of the Board s thoughtful approach to its leadership structure given our strong Lead Independent Director role, the critical nature of our Chairman s relationships with clients and key management around the world in our professional services business, and the complex nature of our rapidly changing industry. The Board evaluates its leadership structure on an ongoing basis to ensure its structure is in the best interest of shareholders. The role and responsibilities of our Lead Independent Director are robust and clearly defined, and the Board further strengthened the Lead Independent Director role in 2023 by enhancing existing responsibilities and codifying additional responsibilities. Ms. Choksi became our new Lead Independent Director on January 1, 2024. Our Lead Independent Director is elected by the independent directors annually. Board Refreshment Shareholders are pleased with the level of progress we have shown to meaningfully refresh our Board. The Board has implemented a thoughtful approach to ongoing refreshment, bringing fresh perspectives and relevant skill sets to the Board. 9 of our 12 independent director nominees have been appointed since 2016, including two independent directors appointed effective November 26, 2025 and one independent director appointed in 2024. The Board anticipates continued Board refreshment on an ongoing basis. Director Skill Sets Shareholders support the diverse aggregation of skills represented by the members of our Board and appreciate the deliberate director skill set analysis undertaken by the Board to inform the director recruitment process. The current mix of director skills provides effective oversight of management, with those skill categories aligning with the Company s top priorities and critical areas of oversight aligned with our strategy, namely Technology, Talent Management, Finance Accounting, and Risk Management Controls. The appointments of Messrs. Krakowsky, Moore and Wyatt in 2025, and Ms. Santos in 2024, bring fresh perspectives and complementary skills to the Board s overall mix, including deep industry knowledge, financial expertise, and technology, cybersecurity, digital transformation and AI expertise. The Board periodically conducts a deliberate director skill set analysis and identifies certain director skill categories to prioritize with respect to prospective director candidates, taking into account the strategic importance to Omnicom and input received from shareholders. 8 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Topics discussed with shareholders Board and management actions Executive Compensation Shareholders have broadly supported our executive compensation program, which aims to achieve optimal pay and performance alignment and motivate executives in key focus areas. Shareholders understood the importance of the Compensation Committee considering changes in light of the IPG acquisition and the importance of continuing to retain and motivate executives to execute on strategic priorities. One of the overarching goals of our compensation program is to motivate and retain talented executives critical to the long-term success of Omnicom. At this pivotal time in our Company s growth and evolution, the Compensation Committee and full Board understood the strategic importance of ensuring Mr. Wren s continued leadership through this period of unprecedented transformational change, integration and opportunity, and determined to enter into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Wren, pursuant to which he agreed to extend his employment as Omnicom s Chairman and CEO until the end of 2028, at which point he would continue as Executive Chairman of the Board. During this time, the Lead Independent Director and Board will work with Mr. Wren to identify his successor as CEO to ensure a smooth succession process. In connection with his amended and restated employment agreement, the Board (upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee) granted Mr. Wren a special award of stock options, and Mr. Wren agreed to reduce his annual base salary to $1 and forgo any other cash or equity incentive compensation through the end of fiscal year 2028. These changes are intended to drive long -term shareholder value creation and, as a result, his incentive compensation will be completely at -risk and dependent on Omnicom s future stock price. In light of the transformational nature of the IPG acquisition, the Compensation Committee also determined to realign compensation for our non -CEO NEOs to further link pay outcomes with Company performance on critical strategic priorities. For purposes of the 2025 Annual Incentive Award for NEOs other than our Chairman and CEO, the Compensation Committee weighed (i) internal Omnicom performance metrics at 25%, (ii) peer metrics at 25% and (iii) qualitative metrics at 50% tied to the successful closing of the IPG transaction, the integration of IPG and individual performance. We appreciate the insights and perspectives of our shareholders, which were discussed among the full Board. ITEM 2: Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR this voting item. We closely tie pay to current and long -term Company performance. We maintain a high degree of variable at -risk compensation. With a focus on the successful integration of IPG, the continued transformation of Omnicom s business in a new era of marketing and sales, and forward -looking succession planning, the Board (upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee) granted Mr. Wren a special award of stock options, and Mr. Wren agreed to reduce his annual base salary to $1 and forgo any other incentive compensation through the end of fiscal year 2028. These changes are intended to drive long -term shareholder value creation. For our other eligible NEOs, we (i) established challenging quantitative performance metrics that align with our business strategy and support alignment between Company performance and pay outcomes, which determined 50% of our 2025 Annual Incentive Award, and (ii) determined the other 50% of our 2025 Annual Incentive Award by assessing certain qualitative performance metrics tied to the successful closing of the IPG transaction, the integration of IPG and individual performance. We sustain competitive compensation levels. See page 42 for further information www.omc.com 9 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY E XECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS CHAIRMAN AND CEO COMPENSATION REDESIGN The Compensation Committee recognized the strategic importance of securing Mr. Wren s continued leadership through this period of unprecedented transformational change, integration and opportunity and entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Wren, pursuant to which he agreed to extend his employment as Omnicom s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer through December 31, 2028, at which point he would continue as Executive Chairman of the Board. During this time, the Lead Independent Director and Board will work with Mr. Wren to identify his successor as CEO to ensure a smooth succession process. In connection with his amended and restated employment agreement, the Board (upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee) granted Mr. Wren a special award of stock options, and Mr. Wren agreed to reduce his annual base salary to $1 and forgo any other cash or equity incentive compensation through the end of fiscal year 2028. These changes are intended to drive long -term shareholder value creation and, as a result, his incentive compensation will be completely at -risk and dependent on Omnicom s future stock price. OTHER NEO ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARD DESIGN The chart below outlines the metrics used in determining our Annual Incentive Award for 2025 for our NEOs, other than our Chairman and CEO. The program is discussed in greater detail below in the section entitled Calculation of Annual Incentive Award on page 56 . Metrics to calculate 2025 Annual Incentive Award 25% Peer Metrics (performance vs. peers): Adjusted return on equity, organic growth, adjusted operating margin, organic growth plus adjusted operating margin 25% Performance Metrics (performance vs. internal OMC targets): Adjusted diluted EPS growth, adjusted EBITA margin, organic growth 50% Qualitative Metrics: Individual NEO performance (including actions taken to ensure the successful closing of the IPG transaction and drive integration) 10 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY Compensation Best Practices Emphasis on performance -based compensation Executive and director stock ownership guidelines (6x base salary for Chairman and CEO and for Co -Presidents and Co -COOs ; 3x base salary for CFO; 5x annual cash retainer for directors) Policy adopting equity grant best practices Compensation recovery (i.e., clawback) policy in compliance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) rules Policy prohibiting hedging of Company equity securities Policy prohibiting pledging and margin transactions ITEM 3: Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 The Board recommends a vote FOR this voting item. See page 77 for further information www.omc.com 11 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 Proxy Summary 4 Proxy Statement 13 ITEM 1 Election of Directors 13 Omnicom Board of Directors 13 Board s Role and Responsibilities 31 Shareholder Engagement 33 Board Leadership Structure 34 Board Policies and Processes 38 Directors Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025 40 ITEM 2 Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation 42 Executive Compensation 43 Executive Summary 44 Compensation Committee Report 49 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 50 Summary Compensation Table for 2025 64 Hypothetical Summary Compensation Table (2025 through 2028) for our Chairman and CEO 66 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 66 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Year-End 67 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 68 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in 2025 68 Potential Payments upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control 69 Pay Ratio Disclosure 72 Pay Versus Performance Table 73 ITEM 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Auditors 77 Fees Paid to Independent Auditors 77 Audit Committee Report 78 Stock Ownership Information 79 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 79 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 80 Equity Compensation Plans 81 Information About Voting and the Meeting 82 Virtual Meeting 82 Record Date Shares Outstanding 82 Quorum; Required Vote; Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 82 Voting Prior to the Meeting 82 Voting at the Meeting 83 Default Voting 83 Right to Revoke 83 Tabulation of Votes 83 Additional Information 84 Expense of Solicitation 84 Incorporation by Reference 84 Availability of Certain Documents 84 Delivery of Documents to Shareholders Sharing an Address 84 Forward-Looking Statements 85 Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting 86 Annex A 87 Non-GAAP Financial Information 87 12 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Omnicom Board of Directors The Board of Directors (the Board ) of Omnicom Group Inc., a New York corporation ( Omnicom, the Company, we, us or our ), currently consists of 14 directors: 12 independent directors, John D. Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Philippe Krakowsky, our Co -President and Co -Chief Operating Officer. Each director stands for election annually and is elected by a majority of votes cast (in an uncontested election). Our Board values the views of our investors regarding board composition and, in response to investor input, has made board refreshment a priority. In connection with our acquisition of IPG, three former directors of IPG joined our Board in November 2025, including Mr. Krakowsky, who served as IPG s Chief Executive Officer prior to the acquisition. Our Board refreshment process, together with the addition of three former IPG directors in connection with our acquisition of IPG, has resulted in six of our director nominees joining the Board since 2022, bringing new perspectives, important insights and complementary skills to the Board s overall composition. The most recent appointment of three directors from the former IPG Board brings critical insight into IPG s businesses and the broader industry, enhancing Omnicom s strategic oversight and supporting effective oversight of the integration of the combined company. Philippe Krakowsky, the former Chief Executive Officer of IPG, joined our Board on November 26, 2025. Patrick Q. Moore, the Chief Executive Officer of Opry Entertainment Group, joined our Board on November 26, 2025. E. Lee Wyatt Jr., the former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fortune Brands, joined our Board on November 26, 2025. Cassandra Santos, the Chief Technology Officer at Caliber, joined our Board and Finance Committee on January 1, 2024 and was appointed to the Governance Committee in May 2025. Two additional independent directors joined our Board in 2022, reflecting robust Board refreshment and contributing new director skills and perspectives to our Board. The Board anticipates appointing additional independent directors on an ongoing basis. As we continue our ongoing Board refreshment, we remain focused on ensuring a smooth transition and onboarding process for new directors, with the direct involvement of our Lead Independent Director in the onboarding process. www.omc.com 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR TENURE A balanced mix of fresh perspectives and institutional knowledge enables strong Board oversight of management. The 2026 director tenure chart below illustrates this balance and reflects the meaningful board refreshment that has been underway over the last several years. Current Tenure of 2026 Nominees QUALIFICATIONS OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD In determining the nominees for the Board, our Governance Committee considers the criteria outlined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including a nominee s independence, his or her background, skills and experience in relation to other members of the Board, and his or her ability to commit the time and focus required to discharge Board duties. In addition, our Governance Committee considers the composition of the Board as a whole and the range of perspectives present thereon, including skills, professional experiences, backgrounds and viewpoints. The Governance Committee considers a broad spectrum of skills and experience to promote a strong and effective Board, and nominees are neither chosen nor excluded solely or largely based on any one factor. Our Board seeks to align our directors collective expertise with those areas most important to strong oversight of management at Omnicom. Accordingly, we periodically evaluate Board composition to help inform Board refreshment efforts, maintain close alignment between Board skills and Omnicom s long -term strategy, and promote Board effectiveness. We have implemented a rigorous skills analysis for each of our directors and have found that those skill categories with the highest aggregate level of director experience, namely Technology, Talent Management, Finance Accounting, and Risk Management Controls, align with the areas most critical to Board oversight at Omnicom. The chart below outlines the skill and experience categories our Board periodically evaluates, as well as the importance of each category to overall Board effectiveness. Strategic Planning Our Board s ability to effectively review and assess the long-term strategic priorities developed by management, as well as management s execution against those priorities, is fundamental to our capacity to grow, innovate and create shareholder value. Finance Accounting Financial and accounting expertise is essential to promoting the integrity of our internal controls, critically evaluating our performance, and providing insight and counsel with respect to our financial reporting, capital structure and approach to capital allocation. Industry Experience Directors with experience relevant to our industry are well-suited to help guide the Company in key areas of our business such as media, commerce, consulting, precision marketing, advertising, production, health, public relations, branding, and experiential, and to assess growth opportunities, whether organic or through acquisitions. Risk Management Controls Robust risk management is a foundational component of strong Board oversight, and we believe that the Board must include directors who possess a sophisticated ability to understand, measure and mitigate risk. 14 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Talent Management Our ability to attract and retain the most talented professionals is fundamental to the success of a professional services business such as ours, and the Board s oversight function is particularly critical with respect to succession planning for our senior leadership team, and human capital management. Technology Technological experience enables our directors to provide important insight regarding digital transformation and technological innovation, including generative AI, and matters related to our information security and technology systems, including cybersecurity and data privacy, as we navigate a time of rapid technological advancement industry wide. CEO Experience We believe that experience serving as a CEO enables directors to contribute deep insight into business strategy and operations, positioning the Board to serve as a valuable thought leader and challenge key assumptions while overseeing management. Legal / Regulatory Our Board must be able to effectively evaluate Omnicom s legal risks and obligations, as well as the complex, multinational regulatory environments in which our businesses operate, to help protect Omnicom s reputational integrity and promote long-term success. International Business Because of Omnicom s global scale, it is key for our directors to bring experience in international markets and business operations, so that our Board is well-positioned to oversee global strategies and evaluate opportunities for growth outside of the U.S. Public Company Board Experience Through their experience serving on the boards of other large publicly traded companies, directors bring a valuable understanding of board functions and effective independent oversight. In addition to possessing the skills discussed above, each of our directors must also demonstrate sound judgment, integrity of thought, ethical behavior, critical insight into Omnicom s businesses, the ability to ask challenging questions of management, and a healthy respect for their fellow Board members. 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES: 14 TOTAL Independence: 12 of our director nominees are independent 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES The current 14 members of the Board have been nominated to continue to serve as directors for the upcoming year. All of the director nominees have been recommended for election to the Board by our Governance Committee and approved and nominated for election by the Board. We periodically engage a third -party search firm to assist with the evaluation of director candidates. Mr. Krakowsky was designated by IPG, and Messrs. Moore and Wyatt were proposed by IPG and agreed to by Omnicom, in connection with the merger agreement among the Company, EXT Subsidiary Inc., and IPG, dated as of December 8, 2024. The Board has no reason to believe that any of the nominees would be unable or unwilling to serve if elected. If a nominee becomes unable or unwilling to accept nomination or election, the Board may, prior to the meeting, select a substitute nominee or undertake to locate another director after the meeting. If you have submitted a proxy and a substitute nominee is selected, your shares will be voted for the substitute nominee. The Board UNANIMOUSLY recommends that shareholders vote FOR all nominees. www.omc.com 15 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS John D. Wren Age 73 Director since 1993 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Wren is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Omnicom. He was named Chief Executive Officer in 1997 and elected Chairman in 2018. Mr. Wren also served as President of Omnicom for 22 years, having been appointed to that role in 1996. Under his direction, Omnicom has become the world s leading marketing and sales company, and a premier global provider of data -inspired , creative marketing and sales solutions with one of the best leadership teams in our industry. Mr. Wren was part of the team that created Omnicom in 1986, and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Omnicom s Diversified Agency Services division in 1990. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Through the positions he has held at Omnicom, Mr. Wren possesses a combination of broad strategic vision and extensive industry knowledge that is fundamental to the Board s oversight role and uniquely positions him to serve as Chairman. Mr. Wren led Omnicom s successful acquisition of IPG, creating the world s leading marketing and sales company and positioning Omnicom for intelligent growth in the next era. Mr. Wren s comprehension of Omnicom, its businesses, its clients and its people is invaluable to the Board s mix of skills and enables him to provide critical insights to the Board. Mr. Wren has also designed and implemented a significant organizational realignment of Omnicom s businesses and management, and his leadership in the boardroom greatly enhances the Board s ability to oversee the development of strategy and guide Omnicom s future success in an industry that is experiencing rapid change, disruption and market -wide technological advancements. As the former Chief Executive Officer of Omnicom s Diversified Agency Services division, Mr. Wren has tremendous advertising, marketing and corporate communications experience. Under his leadership, Diversified Agency Services grew to become Omnicom s largest operating group, comprised of companies in a wide array of communication disciplines ranging from public relations to branding. Mr. Wren s deep understanding of our industry gained through his extensive experience, long -term relationships with key clients, and his relationships with key management around the world contribute to robust Board discussions on a variety of topics central to Omnicom s success, including identifying competitive advantages, retaining top talent and navigating relationships with our most important clients. Mr. Wren is also a member of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum, and as such, he has direct exposure to the dynamic issues facing a myriad of international companies. This exposure is a valuable asset to Omnicom and enhances the Board s ability to judiciously oversee management of Omnicom s own complex global businesses. 16 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Mary C. Choksi Age 75 Director since 2011 Lead Independent Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and Member of the Compensation Committee PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: From 1987 to 2017, Ms. Choksi was a founding partner and Senior Managing Director of Strategic Investment Group, an investment management enterprise, which designs and implements global investment strategies for large institutional and individual investors. In addition, Ms. Choksi is a Trustee of a number of funds in the Franklin Templeton Funds family. Ms. Choksi was also a founder and, until May 2011, a Managing Director of Emerging Markets Management LLC, which manages portfolios of emerging market equity securities, primarily for institutional investors. Prior to 1987, Ms. Choksi worked in the Pension Investment Division of the World Bank. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Choksi is a director and Chair of the Finance Committee of White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd., a company whose principal businesses are conducted through its insurance subsidiaries and other affiliates. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: With her extensive investment management experience, Ms. Choksi brings to the Board a sophisticated comprehension of the financial matters inherent to running a global business enterprise. It is central to Omnicom s growth and successful financial performance that the Board s knowledge base includes Ms. Choksi s understanding of the utilization of assets to generate growth. Ms. Choksi was a founding partner and Senior Managing Director of the investment management enterprise Strategic Investment Group and a founder, and, until May 2011, a Managing Director of Emerging Markets Management, which manages portfolios of emerging markets securities, primarily for institutional investors. As such, Ms. Choksi has the highest level of experience managing assets, evaluating investment risk, developing investment strategies and determining the optimal use of corporate assets. Ms. Choksi also has considerable experience as a member of the board, and finance and audit committees of other public companies. The breadth of Ms. Choksi s professional experience and her extensive board experience are valuable components of our overall mix of director skills. Together with Ms. Choksi s Omnicom board tenure and Audit Committee leadership, this experience significantly contributes to her Lead Independent Director role and enhances Omnicom s shareholder engagement initiative in which Ms. Choksi directly participates. In addition, Ms. Choksi s career includes 10 years of experience at the World Bank, primarily working in the Bank s development arm focusing on projects in South and Southeast Asia. Through this role, Ms. Choksi acquired a keen appreciation of the many challenges facing a multinational institution as it navigates foreign markets and hones its global investment strategies. Collectively, Ms. Choksi s experience and learning also greatly enhance the function of Omnicom s Audit Committee on which Ms. Choksi serves as Chair. www.omc.com 17 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Leonard S. Coleman, Jr. Age 77 Director since 1993 Chair of the Governance Committee and Member of the Compensation Committee PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Coleman was Senior Advisor, Major League Baseball, from 1999 through 2005. Previously, he was Chairman of Arena Co., a subsidiary of Yankees/Nets, until September 2002. Before that, he was President of The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs from 1994 to 1999, having previously served since 1992 as Executive Director, Market Development of Major League Baseball. Additionally, Mr. Coleman was previously a municipal finance banker for Kidder, Peabody Company. Prior to joining Kidder, Mr. Coleman served as Commissioner of both the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs and Department of Energy, and Chairman of the Hackensack Meadowlands Development Commission and the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency. Mr. Coleman was also the Vice Chairman of the State Commission on Ethical Standards and a member of the Economic Development Authority, Urban Enterprise Zone Authority, Urban Development Authority, State Planning Commission and New Jersey Public Television Commission. He has also served as President of the Greater Newark Urban Coalition and worked in a management consulting capacity throughout Africa. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Mr. Coleman served as a director of Hess Corporation until it was acquired by Chevron Corporation in July 2025. Mr. Coleman also served as a director of Electronic Arts Inc. and Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. during the last five years. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Coleman brings a diverse array of senior -level business experience to the Board, enhancing the effectiveness of its independent oversight of management. The experience acquired throughout Mr. Coleman s career includes more than a decade of senior management experience in Major League Baseball, including as President of the National League. Mr. Coleman s qualifications also include service on the boards of several large public companies, providing him with a sophisticated understanding of the operational and financial aspects of businesses, both domestic and international. The breadth of Mr. Coleman s leadership experience, coupled with his extensive public company board experience, provides him with the skills and judgment that make him an extremely effective Chair of the Governance Committee. Further, Mr. Coleman has extensive government and finance experience having served as Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs where his responsibilities included overseeing all local and county budgets. As Commissioner of New Jersey s Department of Energy, he developed energy policy for the state. In addition, Mr. Coleman was Chairman of the Hackensack Meadowlands Development Commission developing zoning regulations for the area and also lived overseas for several years serving as a management consultant. Collectively, these roles have imbued Mr. Coleman with a keen sense of managing risks in a variety of capacities and sectors, which is a critical skill for service as a director. 18 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Mark D. Gerstein Age 66 Director since 2022 Member of the Audit and Finance Committees PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Gerstein served as a partner at Latham Watkins LLP from 1996 until December 31, 2022, holding leadership positions, including global Chair of the Mergers Acquisitions group, where he helped build the Latham Watkins M A Practice into a U.S. and global leader for public company transactions. He has counselled the directors and officers of Fortune 500 companies and other public companies on corporate governance, investor relations, crisis management, domestic and cross -border mergers and acquisitions, and other strategic and capital markets matters. From 1984 to 1996, Mr. Gerstein was a corporate partner at Katten Muchin Rosenman, an AmLaw 100 law firm, advising directors and owners of private and public companies on a variety of corporate matters. Since April 2023, Mr. Gerstein has served as a Senior Advisor to PJT Partners, a global, advisory -focused , investment bank. In addition, Mr. Gerstein was Chair and is currently a Board member of Youth Guidance, which works with children in urban public schools in Chicago and nationally. Mr. Gerstein also served as Co -Chair of the University of Michigan s Dean s Advisory Council at the School of Literature, Science and the Arts, and serves on the Executive Committee of The Ravinia Festival. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Having served as a partner in the Mergers Acquisitions group at Latham Watkins, a leading global law firm, from 1996 until 2022, Mr. Gerstein brings the highest level of legal expertise and judgment to the Board. Mr. Gerstein possesses a deep understanding of the intricacies of corporate law and a tremendous knowledge of corporate governance best practices, both of which are key components of the Board s overall mix of skill sets. Through his many years of experience advising public companies on a wide array of domestic and cross -border mergers and acquisitions, Mr. Gerstein has developed a formidable ability to support and oversee management s execution on transactional opportunities for driving strategic growth. While serving more than a decade as a global Chair of Latham s M A practice, Mr. Gerstein played a key role in building the firm s M A practice into a U.S. and global leader, evidencing the value of his contribution to the Board s collective oversight of management s strategies for amplifying Omnicom s business. In his role as a senior law firm partner, Mr. Gerstein has provided critical guidance to many company boards regarding crisis management situations, an important facet of the Board s aggregation of skills. Mr. Gerstein also has extensive experience advising clients on investor relations and engagement, including on capital allocation matters, which contributes significantly to the Board s support and oversight of management s robust shareholder engagement efforts. With these many years of experience counselling the directors and officers of Fortune 500 companies and other public companies on a broad spectrum of legal and regulatory matters, Mr. Gerstein also possesses a sophisticated ability to gauge the legal and regulatory risks navigated by senior leadership of public companies such as Omnicom. Mr. Gerstein s extensive mergers and acquisitions and capital allocation experience is not only a tremendous asset for the Board, but is also particularly valuable to his service as a member of the Company s Finance Committee. www.omc.com 19 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Ronnie S. Hawkins Age 57 Director since 2018 Member of the Compensation and Governance Committees PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Hawkins is a Partner of Global Infrastructure Partners, a part of BlackRock, and has been with such company since April 2018. Global Infrastructure Partners is an infrastructure -focused private equity firm with over $176 billion of assets under management. In this role, Mr. Hawkins focuses on international infrastructure investments. Until April 2018, Mr. Hawkins was a Managing Director, Head of International Investments and member of the Investment Committee of EIG Global Energy Partners, which he joined in 2014. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Hawkins was an Executive Vice President of General Electric where he led GE Energy s Global Business Development activities and served as Chair of the GE Energy Investment Committee. Prior to that, Mr. Hawkins spent 19 years as a senior member of the investment banking departments at Citigroup and Credit Suisse, completing corporate advisory assignments in over 50 countries, including mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and restructurings. Mr. Hawkins has also led numerous corporate financings for large companies including equity, debt and structured financings. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Hawkins has extensive strategic planning and corporate advisory experience developed over many years as an investment banker, corporate executive and most recently as a Partner of Global Infrastructure Partners. With a focus on investments outside of the U.S., Mr. Hawkins possesses an in -depth understanding of the complex regulations governing international business operations and contributes the highest level of international experience to the Board s mix of skill sets. Mr. Hawkins also served as a senior executive at General Electric for several years where he managed acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures while leading GE Energy s Global Business Development activities. Having structured and overseen a great number of business transactions encompassing varied and complex business strategies, Mr. Hawkins has honed an acute understanding of strategic planning, business operations and the role of management. This background and knowledge serves as a key component of the Board s effective oversight of Omnicom and its management. Having held several senior positions at Citigroup and Credit Suisse leading corporate financings and advising public companies on large transactions, Mr. Hawkins brings valuable investment banking expertise to the Board. Through his considerable experience advising corporate clients, Mr. Hawkins has developed an expert knowledge of corporate compliance best practices which is additive to his service on the Governance Committee and strengthens its oversight of related risks. The experience gained through advising clients on mergers, acquisitions and other strategic corporate transactions provides Mr. Hawkins with a sophisticated ability to evaluate businesses and discern opportunities for growth that greatly enhances the collective skills of the Board. 20 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Deborah J. Kissire Age 68 Director since 2016 Chair of the Finance Committee and Member of the Audit Committee PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Ms. Kissire held multiple senior leadership positions at EY during her career from 1979 to 2015, serving most recently as Vice Chair and Regional Managing Partner, member of the Americas Executive Board and member of the Global Practice Group. Other positions held include the U.S. Vice Chair of Sales and Business Development and National Director of Retail and Consumer Products Tax Services. Throughout her career at EY, Ms. Kissire s leadership skills and vision were leveraged for strategic firm initiatives and programs. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Kissire is a director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Cable One, Inc., a company that provides customers with cable television, high -speed Internet and telephone services, and a director, Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and member of the Compensation Committee of Axalta Coating Systems Ltd., a manufacturer of liquid and powder coatings. Ms. Kissire also serves as a director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Celanese Corporation, a global chemical and specialty materials company that engineers and manufactures a wide variety of products. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Kissire brings several key skills to the Board s overall mix of knowledge and experience. Throughout a career of 36 years at EY, an internationally recognized accounting firm, Ms. Kissire distinguished herself in a variety of roles. She gained extensive experience serving in senior positions at EY and developed a sophisticated ability to gauge risk in financial, accounting and tax matters. Under Ms. Kissire s leadership, the size of EY s Mid -Atlantic practice more than doubled. Through her experience and leadership capabilities, Ms. Kissire has proven herself to possess not only an in -depth understanding of the global financial and taxation regulations facing a business such as Omnicom, but also a keen understanding of how to effectively grow a complex business. Ms. Kissire s strategic vision and significant financial expertise are a tremendous asset to Omnicom s Finance Committee, of which she is the Chair. Among her leadership roles at EY, Ms. Kissire served as an executive advisor for the firm s offering in Cyber Economic Security, giving her a unique perspective on digital vulnerabilities and methods of preventing and mitigating cyber -attacks . Taken together, these skills comprise an important component of the Board s aggregation of skill sets and make Ms. Kissire an extremely effective member of the Board and Audit Committee and Chair of the Finance Committee. Further, Ms. Kissire also serves as a director of other public company boards, including serving as Chair of audit and nominating and corporate governance committees. www.omc.com 21 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Philippe Krakowsky Age 63 Director since 2025 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Krakowsky is Co -President and Co -Chief Operating Officer of Omnicom, a role he assumed in November 2025 upon closing of Omnicom s acquisition of IPG. Prior to that, Mr. Krakowsky served as Chief Executive Officer of IPG since January 2021. He previously served as IPG s Chief Operating Officer beginning in September 2019, managing business operations across IPG, with direct oversight of IPG s Media, Data and Technology offerings including IPG Mediabrands, Acxiom, Kinesso and Matterkind, as well as IPG s independent companies including Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, Huge and R/GA. During that time, Mr. Krakowsky was also Chair of IPG Mediabrands. Before taking on the Chief Operating Officer role at IPG, Mr. Krakowsky was IPG s Chief Strategy and Talent Officer, spent a number of years as CEO of Mediabrands, and also served as interim -CEO of FCB. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Mr. Krakowsky served as a director of The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. from 2021 until its acquisition by Omnicom in November 2025. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Krakowsky contributes a variety of key skills to our Board, including the highest level of industry experience based on his CEO experience at IPG. Having served as CEO and a director of IPG until its acquisition by Omnicom, Mr. Krakowsky brings a comprehensive understanding of the IPG companies, their businesses, clients, and leadership to the Board. Such knowledge is an asset to the Board s integration oversight for the go -forward combined company. Having overseen Acxiom and IPG s other technology offerings, Mr. Krakowsky brings a sophisticated ability to evaluate opportunities for technology and innovation. Mr. Krakowsky s demonstrated leadership as CEO of IPG, as well as his previous role as IPG s COO, and his various leadership positions at IPG and its agencies, provides the Board with a unique and valuable perspective on a variety of key strategic and operational issues. Over the course of his 24 -year tenure at IPG, Mr. Krakowsky led the strategy, talent, communications and business development functions, a professional background that will contribute significantly to the Board s oversight of management s strategic plans. Mr. Krakowsky was also IPG s Chief Strategy and Talent Officer, where he oversaw key functions vital to development and growth. Collectively, this experience is highly additive to the boardroom and the evaluation of strategic priorities across the full spectrum of Omnicom s businesses. Mr. Krakowsky s tremendous client experience will also aid the Board s evaluation of complex service offerings and client relationship dynamics. 22 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Gracia C. Martore Age 74 Director since 2017 Chair of the Compensation Committee and Member of the Audit Committee PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Ms. Martore is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of TEGNA Inc., one of the nation s largest local media companies formerly known as Gannett Co., Inc., a position she held from October 2011 to June 2017. Ms. Martore held various leadership roles over her 32 -year career at TEGNA, including as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2011, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2005 to 2010 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2005. Prior to TEGNA, Ms. Martore worked for 12 years in the banking industry. Ms. Martore is also a member of the board of directors and Chair of the Audit Committee of FM Global and is Chair of The Associated Press, for which she also serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Martore is the Lead Independent Director and member of the Audit Committee of United Rentals, Inc., the world s largest equipment rental company. Ms. Martore also served as a director of WestRock Company, now Smurfit WestRock, during the past five years. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Having served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TEGNA, Ms. Martore brings strong leadership skills, broad strategic vision, financial expertise and proven business acumen to the Board. Ms. Martore s successful navigation of TEGNA s strategy through a period of significant technological disruption within its industry strengthens the collective oversight function of the Board as it assesses risk and evaluates strategies regarding technological advances implemented by our agencies. Under her leadership, TEGNA doubled its broadcast portfolio and acquired full ownership of Cars.com. Ms. Martore s experience running TEGNA adds to the Board the highest level of industry experience and a keen understanding of the media buying perspective, which is a crucial component of Omnicom s businesses. Ms. Martore also led the separation of TEGNA into two separate publicly traded companies. The strategic vision evidenced by Ms. Martore s successes in transforming TEGNA and generating value for shareholders is a critical skill for the Board s overall mix of skill sets. Prior to serving as President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Martore served in a variety of leadership roles at TEGNA, including Treasurer, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Martore s experience in these varied roles brings significant operational, financial, accounting, and risk management skills to the Board that are directly leveraged through her service as Chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. In addition, Ms. Martore s extensive business and financial expertise enhance the Board s overall ability to guide business development strategy and oversee management of financial and operational matters. Ms. Martore s leadership positions at TEGNA, coupled with her service as Chair and member of other public company compensation committees, contributes significantly to her role as Chair of Omnicom s Compensation Committee and better enables the Board to perform its function of overseeing executive compensation and retention. Ms. Martore also brings to the Board considerable experience serving on the boards and committees of other public companies. www.omc.com 23 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Patrick Q. Moore Age 56 Director since 2025 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Moore is Chief Executive Officer of the Opry Entertainment Group, a preeminent live entertainment and media company, a position he has held since June 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Moore served as Executive Vice President, North American Retail at Carter s Inc., a global leader in children s apparel and related products, from 2019 to 2023, as Executive Vice President, Strategy and Global Channels from 2018 to 2019, and as Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development from 2017 to 2018. From 2013 to 2017, Mr. Moore was Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer with YP Holdings, a portfolio company of Cerberus Capital Management, and one of the largest local digital media businesses in the U.S. Before that, Mr. Moore spent more than 10 years at McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm, serving as a Partner and leader in the firm s Consumer Practice. Mr. Moore also led McKinsey s North American Consumer Digital Excellence initiative while with the firm. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Mr. Moore served as a director of The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. from 2018 until its acquisition by Omnicom in November 2025. In addition, Mr. Moore served as a director of Ryman Hospitality during the last five years. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Moore brings a broad spectrum of valuable skills to the Board, including the highest level of relevant industry expertise, including ecommerce, omnichannel, and digital marketing, which are key components of Omnicom s growth, derived from his experience at a digital media company. Mr. Moore also served on the IPG board for eight years, developing specific domain knowledge of IPG and the broader industry, which will significantly inform the Board s collective oversight of business strategy and the ongoing integration of IPG. As CEO of the Opry Entertainment Group, Mr. Moore has honed an acute ability to lead a dynamic multi -platform entertainment business through the largest period of growth and profitability in its history. This proven track record of strategic growth acumen will serve as a valuable asset for the Board as Omnicom positions itself to optimize future growth through technology and innovation. Mr. Moore has significant experience managing succession planning, including CEO succession planning oversight, and related knowledge of executive compensation matters, which are key skills for the Board. As a management consulting Partner at McKinsey, Mr. Moore developed valuable perspectives on the challenges and opportunities faced by large scale, global enterprises, including experience and expertise in corporate strategy, M A and post -merger integration efforts, risk management, financial reporting, and overall governance. Through his various executive roles, Mr. Moore has developed considerable cybersecurity experience dealing with fraud, phishing, and other black hat intrusion efforts like malware, which is highly additive to the Board s collective skill set. Mr. Moore also brings to the Board experience serving on boards and committees of other public companies. 24 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Patricia Salas Pineda Age 74 Director since 2022 Member of the Governance and Finance Committees PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Ms. Pineda served as Group Vice President of Hispanic Business Strategy for Toyota Motor North America, Inc. from 2013 to October 2016. Prior to that, Ms. Pineda was Group Vice President of National Philanthropy for nine years. During her time at Toyota Motor North America, which she joined in 2004, Ms. Pineda also served as General Counsel and Group Vice President of Administration, Corporate Advertising, Corporate Communications and Diversity. Before that, Ms. Pineda was General Counsel, Vice President of Human Resources, Government and Environmental Affairs, and Corporate Secretary of New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc., where she had worked since 1984. Ms. Pineda also currently serves as chairwoman emeritus of the Latino Corporate Directors Association, of which she is a co -founder . OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Pineda is a director and member of the Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees of Frontier Group Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Frontier Airlines, and a director, Chair of the Compensation, Culture and Talent Committee, and member of the Audit Committee of Portland General Electric, a utility company. Ms. Pineda also served as a director of Levi Strauss Company during the last five years. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: With many years of executive leadership experience working in C -Suite roles at Toyota Motor North America, including that of Group Vice President of Hispanic Business Strategy, Ms. Pineda contributes broad strategic vision, sophisticated leadership ability and strong business development acuity to the Board, strengthening its collective oversight of Omnicom s management. During her distinguished career at Toyota Motor North America, Ms. Pineda also served as Group Vice President of Administration, Corporate Advertising, Corporate Communications and Diversity, roles through which she honed many relevant skills, including a deep understanding of operational matters, valuable industry knowledge and a keen sense of the human capital landscape, each of which is an important aspect of the Board s oversight mandate. In addition, Ms. Pineda served as Toyota Motor North America s General Counsel, in which role she developed the highest level of legal and regulatory expertise. This legal and regulatory expertise is fundamental to the Board s mix of skills, and greatly contributes to the Board s ability to oversee management of Omnicom s legal and regulatory risks. Prior to joining Toyota Motor North America, Ms. Pineda served as General Counsel, Vice President of Human Resources, Government and Environmental Affairs, and Corporate Secretary of New United Motor Manufacturing, experience which brings significant corporate governance, environmental sustainability and human capital management know -how to our Board. The strength of judgment derived from having served in her General Counsel roles, coupled with Ms. Pineda s facility for understanding complex legal, regulatory and compliance issues, considerably adds to her service as a member of Omnicom s Governance Committee. In the aggregate, Ms. Pineda s professional experience enhances the Board s ability to oversee management s execution against strategic priorities for long -term shareholder value creation. In addition, Ms. Pineda has extensive experience serving on the boards of other public companies. www.omc.com 25 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Linda Johnson Rice Age 68 Director since 2000 Member of the Compensation and Governance Committees PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Ms. Rice is Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Publishing Company, the founding company of EBONY and Jet magazines and Fashion Fair Cosmetics. Ms. Rice joined Johnson Publishing Company in 1980, was elected President and Chief Operating Officer in 1987 and has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2002 to present. Johnson Publishing Company filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code on April 9, 2019. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Rice is a director and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Enova International, Inc., a provider of online financial services to non -prime consumers and small businesses. Ms. Rice also served as a director of Grubhub Inc. during the last five years. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Rice s deep understanding of advertising and brand management and substantial knowledge of consumer businesses, developed during her tenure with Johnson Publishing Company, brings to the Board valuable insight into Omnicom s businesses and the concerns of its clients, a matter of paramount importance to Omnicom s growth. Ms. Rice s industry expertise is a key Board skill that allows her to contribute a sophisticated oversight capability with respect to the complex business strategies driving Omnicom s success and underpinning its commitment to long -term shareholder value creation. The experience and knowledge base Ms. Rice developed through her leadership role as Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Publishing Company, in which she oversaw the organization s largest and most critical business relationships, serves as a valuable component of the Board s overall mix of business expertise, particularly in light of the importance of client relationships to Omnicom s continued success. Ms. Rice also has very broad experience through having served for more than 25 years on the boards, audit committees, compensation committees and nominating and governance committees of several other large public companies in a variety of industries. The breadth of this board experience adds to the strength of our Board and contributes to the oversight function of its Compensation and Governance Committees on which Ms. Rice serves. 26 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Cassandra Santos Age 56 Director since 2024 Member of the Governance and Finance Committees PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Ms. Santos is the Chief Technology Officer of Caliber, a position she has held since January 2025. Previously, Ms. Santos served as the Chief Information Officer of Asurion from 2021 to February 2024, where she led a division driving global tech and procurement strategy to develop and support innovative tech products for business growth. Prior to Asurion, Ms. Santos held various technology leadership roles in the finance industry, including, from 2019 to 2021, serving as the Head of Business Process Innovation at AllianceBernstein, and, from 2014 to 2019, as the Chief Information Officer of General Atlantic. Prior to that, Ms. Santos served as a strategic consultant at McKinsey Company and its private investment subsidiary MIO Partners, advising world class companies on technology innovation and strategy. Ms. Santos serves as a director of Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey, and as Vice Chair of the Nashville Electric Service Board. In addition, Ms. Santos served as the board chair of the Nashville Technology Council and is or has been on the advisory boards of Zoom, Amazon Web Services, Aiden, Writer, Moveworks, Box, Agio, Masergy, Appirio and Computer Design and Integration. Ms. Santos started her career at NASA, supporting over 20 space shuttle missions, including the first MIR docking and the Hubble Telescope repair missions. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Santos is a director of DTE Energy Co., a diversified energy company involved in the development and management of energy -related businesses and services. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Having served in various technology leadership positions and on the advisory boards of several leading technology companies, Ms. Santos contributes the highest level of technology expertise to our Board s collective mix of skill sets. Through her senior technology positions, including her current role as Chief Technology Officer at Caliber, Ms. Santos has developed and continues to hone a deep understanding of the shifting technology landscape and rapidly evolving challenges, risks and opportunities central to a company s technology business strategy. The breadth of Ms. Santos s professional experience as a strategic leader in technology innovation and information technology enables her to bring to the Board a broad strategic vision encompassing a wide technology spectrum. Her significant technology background and proven business acumen serve as important components of our Board s collective function of overseeing management s strategic priorities, particularly in the areas of technology, data privacy and cybersecurity. With extensive private equity and M A experience derived from having developed M A strategy for the AllianceBernstein executive team and having led the global technology team at General Atlantic, Ms. Santos brings a sophisticated understanding of M A strategy and technology businesses to the Board. This technology -focused M A experience is particularly valuable to her service on the Finance Committee as it oversees executive management s execution against strategic acquisition priorities in key high -growth areas such as e -commerce and digital technologies. www.omc.com 27 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Valerie M. Williams Age 69 Director since 2016 Member of the Audit and Finance Committees PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Ms. Williams is a former Assurance Managing Partner for EY, a position she held from 2006 to 2016. She joined EY in 1981 and has over 35 years of audit and public accounting experience, serving numerous global and multi -location companies in various industries. Ms. Williams held several senior leadership positions at EY and served on multiple strategic committees, including the firm s Partner Advisory Council, Inclusiveness Council and Audit Innovation Taskforce. In addition, Ms. Williams serves as Trustee of a number of funds in the Franklin Templeton Funds family. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Ms. Williams is a director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Safety, Operations, and Resource Committee of Devon Energy Corporation, a leading oil and gas producer in the U.S., and a director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Corporate Governance and Public Policy and Responsibility Committees of DTE Energy Co., a diversified energy company involved in the development and management of energy -related businesses and services. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Williams has extensive audit practice experience gained over the course of her career and through this experience has developed risk management skills that are a key component of the Board s oversight role. The significant financial reporting expertise developed by Ms. Williams through 35 years of audit and public accounting experience serving numerous global and multi -location companies in various industries is a valuable contribution to the Board s overall mix of skill sets and is particularly additive to Ms. Williams s service as a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Williams distinguished herself in various senior roles throughout her career at EY, and successfully grew a large audit practice group through expert oversight of operations and strategy development. These achievements underscore the business expertise and leadership skills that Ms. Williams possesses and that better enable the Board to effectively oversee the growth of Omnicom s businesses. Omnicom is a global business, and through her experience representing international businesses, Ms. Williams contributes significantly to the Board s oversight of Omnicom s multinational strategies for growth. Ms. Williams also served on several important committees at EY, including the Inclusiveness Council and the Audit Innovation Taskforce, and brings to the Board strategic human capital knowledge. Further, Ms. Williams has significant experience serving on other public company boards and audit committees. 28 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS E. Lee Wyatt Jr. Age 73 Director since 2025 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Mr. Wyatt is a former Executive Vice President of Fortune Brands Home Security, Inc., a consumer home products company, having served in that role from July 2017 until his retirement in December 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Wyatt served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fortune Brands from 2011 to July 2017. Mr. Wyatt also served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Hanesbrands Inc. (formerly Sara Lee Branded Apparel) from 2005 to 2011. In addition, Mr. Wyatt held various financial roles at Sonic Automotive Inc., including serving as Chief Financial Officer through 2005. OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS: Mr. Wyatt served as a director of The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. from 2017 until its acquisition by Omnicom in November 2025. KEY SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Wyatt contributes several key capabilities to the Board s overall mix of skills, chief among them being his deep financial and business expertise developed over many years of experience in the role of Chief Financial Officer of several publicly traded companies in various sectors. Through his extensive executive experience being responsible for all financial aspects of several large business enterprises, Mr. Wyatt brings a valuable perspective to the Board regarding accounting, risk management and auditing matters. This financial acumen is a valuable asset to the Board and will enhance the Board s ability to oversee management s capital allocation strategy and corporate finance matters broadly. Mr. Wyatt also served on IPG s board for a number of years and brings tremendous institutional knowledge regarding IPG s businesses, which will enhance the oversight of integration and related business strategy. In addition, Mr. Wyatt s experience in overseeing and managing complex businesses at major global marketers is vital for Omnicom and its strategies for growth. This experience informs the Board s collective understanding of the marketing client perspective, which is an essential point of view to have represented in the boardroom and to oversee management s strategies for developing and innovating our connected capabilities and client service offerings. Having been responsible for information technology and cybersecurity functions at several S P 500 companies, Mr. Wyatt brings relevant technology experience to the Board. Mr. Wyatt also brings to the Board public company board and committee experience. www.omc.com 29 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our non -management directors are Mary C. Choksi, Leonard S. Coleman, Jr., Mark D. Gerstein, Ronnie S. Hawkins, Deborah J. Kissire, Gracia C. Martore, Patrick Q. Moore, Patricia Salas Pineda, Linda Johnson Rice, Cassandra Santos, Valerie M. Williams and E. Lee Wyatt Jr. Our Board has determined that all of our non -management directors are independent within the meaning of the NYSE rules, as well as under our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted on our website at https://www.omc.com. In determining that each of our non -management directors is independent, the Board took into consideration the answers to annual questionnaires completed by each of the directors, which covered any transactions with director -affiliated entities. The Board also considered that Omnicom and its subsidiaries occasionally and in the ordinary course of business, sell products and services to, and/or purchase products and services from, entities (including charitable foundations) with which certain directors are affiliated. The Board determined that these transactions were not material to Omnicom or the entity and that none of our directors had a material interest in the transactions with these entities. The Board therefore determined that none of these relationships impaired the independence of any non -management director. John D. Wren, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Philippe Krakowsky, our Co -President and Co -Chief Operating Officer, are not independent due to their executive officer positions. SHAREHOLDER NOMINATION PROCESS Nominations for directors at our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders may be made only by the Board, or by a shareholder entitled to do so pursuant to the Amended and Restated By -laws of the Company ( By -laws ), not later than the deadlines set forth on page 86 in the section entitled Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting. Our By -laws provide that shareholders may present director nominations directly at the annual meeting (and not for inclusion in our proxy statement) by satisfying certain advance notice requirements, and providing information as to such nominee and submitting shareholder as specified in our By -laws . Our By -laws also permit a shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders owning 3% or more of the Company s common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s proxy statement director candidates constituting up to 20% of the Board, but no less than two, to be considered for election by the holders of the Company s common stock; provided that the shareholder (or group) and each nominee satisfy the requirements and provide information as to such nominee and submitting shareholder as specified in our By -laws . You can obtain a copy of the full text of the By -law provisions noted above by writing to our Corporate Secretary at our address listed below in the section entitled Availability of Certain Documents, or on our website at https://www.omc.com. Our By -laws have also been filed with the SEC. The Governance Committee will consider all candidates recommended by our shareholders in accordance with the procedures included in our By -laws and this Proxy Statement. We did not receive any nominee recommendations from shareholders for the 2026 Annual Meeting. Any director candidate recommendations made by shareholders in connection with future meetings that are properly submitted will be considered by the Governance Committee in the same manner as those submitted by the Board or the Governance Committee itself. 30 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MAJORITY VOTING STANDARD FOR ELECTION OF DIRECTORS In accordance with our By -laws , directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election. That means the nominees will be elected if the number of votes cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against such nominee. For this purpose, abstentions and broker non -votes will not count as votes cast and will have no effect on the election of directors. Our form of proxy permits you to abstain from voting for or against a particular nominee. However, shares represented by proxies so designated will count as being present for purposes of determining a quorum but will not count as votes cast and will have no effect on the election of directors. Such proxies may also be voted on other matters, if any, that may be properly presented at the meeting. If an incumbent nominee is not re -elected , New York law provides that the director would continue to serve on the Board as a holdover director. Under our By -laws and a policy adopted by the Board, any incumbent director to become a director nominee must submit an irrevocable resignation, contingent on (a) that person not receiving a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election, and (b) acceptance of that resignation by the Board in accordance with the policies and procedures adopted by the Board for such purpose. The Governance Committee of the Board must then consider whether to accept the director s resignation and make a recommendation to the Board. The Board will then consider the resignation, and within 90 days after the date of certification of the election results, publicly disclose its decision and the reasons for its decision. A director whose resignation is under consideration may not participate in any deliberation regarding his or her resignation unless none of the directors received a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election. If the Board accepts a director s resignation, the Board will then elect a replacement in accordance with the By -laws . Board s Role and Responsibilities STRATEGIC OVERSIGHT The Board oversees Omnicom s strategy setting and review process, which is led by the Company s management team and is focused on execution of a long -term strategy to deliver value to our shareholders. The Board reviews and assesses the strategic priorities developed and implemented by management under the direction of Omnicom s Chairman and CEO, John Wren. The Board also oversees management succession planning and regularly discusses succession planning for the CEO and other key executive roles. The Board reviews Omnicom s financial performance throughout the year and evaluates strategy in light of results, with an industry focus that includes peer comparisons and our competitive ability to attract and retain the most talented workforce. The Board has a more detailed discussion, generally over two days annually, which is informed by reports from management on a variety of strategic matters and input regarding strategic goals of Omnicom s networks and practice areas. At this meeting, the Board receives a comprehensive analysis of the strategies with respect to the multiple business components integral to Omnicom s comprehensive long -term strategic direction. This meeting also includes management presentations on various important topics such as top clients, M A strategy, risk management, human capital and succession management, information technology, cybersecurity and our data breach incident plan, and investor relations. The Board also receives timely updates throughout the year on other developing topics relevant to our business, such as emerging technology risk and generative AI, which is overseen by the Board. These timely updates enable our Board to more effectively manage key risks and opportunities within a shifting landscape. Our Board believes this comprehensive process greatly strengthens its ability to effectively oversee management as Mr. Wren and senior leadership drive the future success of our Company. RISK OVERSIGHT Our Board oversees an enterprise -wide approach to risk management, designed to support the achievement of organizational objectives, including strategic objectives, to improve long -term organizational performance and enhance shareholder value. The principal oversight function of the Board and its committees includes understanding the material risks the Company confronts and methods to mitigate or manage those risks. Management is responsible for identifying and assessing the related risks and establishing appropriate risk management practices. Our Board reviews management s assessment of the related risk, and discusses with management the appropriate level of risk for the Company. www.omc.com 31 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS Administers its risk oversight function with respect to our operating risk as a whole, and the Board and its committees meet with management at least quarterly to receive updates with respect to our business operations and strategies, financial results and the monitoring of related risks. The Board also delegates oversight of selected elements of risk to the Audit, Governance, Compensation and Finance Committees: OUR AUDIT COMMITTEE Oversees financial risk exposures, including monitoring the integrity of the financial statements, internal control over financial reporting, and the independence of the independent auditors of the Company. The Audit Committee inquires of management and the independent auditors about significant financial risks or exposures and assesses management s actions in light of any such risks, and also discusses guidelines and policies governing the process by which management of the Company assesses and manages the Company s exposure to risk. The Audit Committee receives an assessment report from the Company s internal auditors on at least an annual basis and more frequently as appropriate. The Audit Committee assists the Board with oversight of the Company s cybersecurity risk management programs and receives periodic updates from management regarding cybersecurity, data privacy and other risks relevant to the Company s information technology systems. The Audit Committee also assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to compliance with legal and regulatory matters related to the Company s financial statements and meets at least quarterly with our financial management, independent auditors and legal advisors for updates on risks related to our financial reporting function. OUR GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Oversees governance-related risk by working with management to establish Corporate Governance Guidelines and policies applicable to the Company and our management, including recommendations regarding director nominees, the determination of director independence, Board leadership structure and membership on Board committees. The Company s Governance Committee also oversees risk by working with management to adopt codes of conduct and business ethics designed to encourage the highest standards of business conduct and ethics. The Governance Committee also oversees the Company s climate change initiatives and processes, and receives periodic reports from management on progress against goals and targets. OUR COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Oversees compensation -related risk by working with management in the creation of compensation structures that create incentives to encourage a level of risk -taking behavior consistent with the Company s business strategy. OUR FINANCE COMMITTEE Oversees financial, credit and liquidity risk by overseeing our Treasury function to evaluate elements of financial and credit risk and advise on our financial strategy, capital structure, capital allocation and long -term liquidity needs, and the implementation of risk mitigating strategies. The Finance Committee also oversees risk related to acquisitions and divestitures. THE COMPANY S MANAGEMENT Responsible for day -to-day risk management. The CEO, CFO and General Counsel periodically report on the Company s risk management policies and practices to relevant Board committees and to the full Board. Our Treasury, Legal, Controller, Information Technology, and Internal Audit functions work with management at the agency level, serving as the primary monitoring and testing function for company -wide policies and procedures, and managing the day -to-day oversight of risk management strategy for the ongoing business of the Company. We believe the division of risk management responsibilities described above is an effective approach for addressing the risks facing the Company and that our Board leadership structure supports our approach. 32 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Shareholder Engagement SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We are strongly committed to shareholder outreach, supported and overseen by the Board, and we believe regular, open communication with our shareholders is important to our long -term success. Ms. Choksi, our Lead Independent Director, actively participates in select investor meetings. Feedback is shared with the Governance and Compensation Committees, as appropriate, as well as with the full Board. In the fall of 2025, we reached out to shareholders holding 75% of our outstanding shares with an invitation to engage. We spoke to every shareholder that accepted our invitation, which represented an aggregate of 30% of our outstanding shares, in a continued effort to foster a successful shareholder outreach program, establishing and deepening the relationships with the governance teams at many of our largest investors. As in the prior year, Ms. Choksi was a participant in select shareholder engagement. Feedback received during investor engagements continued to be shared with the Board. We value our investors views regarding our Company, as well as their opinions on corporate governance best practice. Shareholder input has informed Board discussions, key decision -making processes and the evolution of our disclosures over time in response to input received. Our Board and management find these engagement conversations constructive and informative, and we will continue our engagement efforts. For a more complete summary of our discussions with shareholders and actions taken by the Board, please refer to pages 8 and 9 of our Proxy Summary. SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH BOARD MEMBERS Interested parties, including shareholders, may communicate (if they wish on a confidential, anonymous basis) with the non -management directors, the Chairs of our Audit, Compensation, Finance and Governance Committees or any individual director (including our Lead Independent Director who presides over the executive sessions of our independent non -management directors) on Board -related issues by writing to such director, the applicable committee chair or to the non -management directors as a group c/o Corporate Secretary at Omnicom Group Inc., 280 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017. The envelope should clearly indicate the person or persons to whom the Corporate Secretary should forward the communication. Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any individual director or directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. www.omc.com 33 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Leadership Structure LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR, CHAIRMAN AND CEO ROLES Our Governance Committee, as well as the full Board when appropriate, regularly evaluates the leadership structure of our Board to determine what governance arrangements are most appropriate for the Company and shareholders. The Executive Chairman structure supported an optimal leadership transition in our last CEO succession, and the Board believes that it is important to maintain flexibility to determine the appropriate leadership structure based on Company circumstances at the time, and that our directors are best positioned to lead this evaluation given their unique insight into Omnicom s business, leadership team, culture, opportunities and challenges. Our Board is currently led by a Lead Independent Director, our Chairman and CEO, and four independent committee chairs. The Board believes this to be the optimal Board leadership structure for Omnicom at present, combining strong independent leadership with the benefits of having our CEO chair Board meetings in which strategic business matters are routinely discussed. The Board strongly believes that it is critical to the success of our Company that our CEO, Mr. Wren, serve as Chairman at this time. The Board also understands the importance of providing clarity for shareholders into its strategy around executive leadership structure and succession. In 2025, Omnicom entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Wren, pursuant to which he agreed to extend his employment as Omnicom s Chairman and CEO until the end of 2028, at which point he would continue as Executive Chairman of the Board. During this time, the Lead Independent Director and the Board will work with Mr. Wren to identify his successor as CEO to ensure a smooth succession process. The Board evaluates a range of factors in determining its leadership structure, including the complexity of our business, our ongoing organizational realignment, our robust Lead Independent Director role, and feedback from our shareholders regarding Omnicom s leadership structure. Business Complexity: The Board considers the complex nature of our Company and our business, and that the success of a professional services business such as ours is based on retaining the most talented individuals to best serve our clients. Ensuring executive -level continuity in the CEO and Chairman roles at this time is integral to supporting the transition of hundreds of client relationships, which have been built on trust and support over many years. Organizational Realignment: The Board takes into consideration our Company s organizational realignment, which Mr. Wren designed and implemented to successfully guide Omnicom through a time of rapid change and disruption within our industry. Market -wide acceleration of technological advances and a shifting competitive landscape that affect Omnicom s businesses underscore the importance of the changes to Omnicom s networks and practice areas and the reconstituted reporting structure that Mr. Wren has spearheaded. Mr. Wren s focus is on leveraging the Company s existing client service matrix organizational structures to build a best -in-class leadership team and continue to position Omnicom for sustainable long -term growth in an increasingly complex global landscape. As we undergo further strategic realignment, Mr. Wren s guidance and leadership will continue to be critical. Further, the Board believes that the combined role, balanced by a strong Lead Independent Director position, will facilitate close coordination between management and the Board and help accelerate the ongoing progress of Omnicom s realignment initiatives. Robust Lead Independent Director Role: Our Lead Independent Director role at Omnicom has evolved to include significant responsibilities, similar to those typically overseen by an independent Chairman (see page 35 for a full list of these responsibilities). The Board annually reviews the responsibilities assigned to the Lead Independent Director role, and in February 2023, the Board enhanced the already robust responsibilities assigned to this role to include: leading director recruitment, mentoring and development; collaborating with the Board Chairman and committee chairs to oversee coordinated coverage of responsibilities across committees and the effective functioning of committees; and coordinating feedback to the CEO on behalf of independent directors. 34 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Shareholder Feedback: The Board carefully considers shareholder perspectives on Omnicom s leadership structure through extensive engagement conducted annually. Omnicom reached out to shareholders representing 75% of our outstanding shares in the fall of 2025 and engaged with every shareholder who accepted our invitation, which represented an aggregate of 30% of our outstanding shares. During discussions with our shareholders, the vast majority expressed support for our combined Chairman and CEO positions at this time particularly in light of our strong Lead Independent Director role. While the Board is confident that this leadership structure is best suited to the current needs of the business, the Board remains committed to rigorously evaluating Omnicom s leadership structure each year and to gathering shareholder feedback on this matter through ongoing engagement. LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Our Board is committed to improving the Company s corporate governance practices, and we have significantly enhanced the responsibilities of our Lead Independent Director to strengthen the Board s independent oversight of management, most recently enhancing and adding to the list of responsibilities in February 2023. Currently, our Lead Independent Director also serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. In addition to the responsibilities common to all directors, our Lead Independent Director s other duties, which the Board continues to evaluate through engagement with shareholders, include: Preside at executive sessions of the independent directors; Preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present; Serve as principal liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman and CEO; Lead director recruitment, mentoring and development; Collaborate with the Board Chairman and committee chairs to oversee coordinated coverage of responsibilities across committees and the effective functioning of committees; Coordinate feedback to the CEO on behalf of independent directors; Oversee the annual Board and committee evaluations; Participate in developing agendas for Board meetings, with the authority to add agenda items; Approve the schedule of Board meetings, with the authority to call meetings of independent directors; Oversee conflicts of interest process for all directors, including the Chairman and CEO; Advise the Chairman, including providing input as to the quality, quantity and timeliness of information provided to the Board; Engage and consult with shareholders as part of our shareholder engagement process; and Perform such other duties as the Board may from time to time delegate. We believe that this leadership structure enhances the accountability of the Chairman and CEO to the Board and strengthens the Board s independence from management. LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DESIGNATION On the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the independent members of our Board designate the Lead Independent Director annually. In May 2025, the independent members of our Board re -elected Mary C. Choksi to serve as the Company s Lead Independent Director. Ms. Choksi has unfailingly proven herself to be a strong and dedicated Board leader throughout her tenure on our Board, and she has been an extremely effective Chair of our Audit Committee since assuming that role in 2018. Ms. Choksi possesses extensive public company board experience, and is an intelligent decision -maker whose integrity and values align perfectly with the important role of Lead Independent Director. Ms. Choksi has participated in shareholder engagement since assuming the Lead Independent Director role on January 1, 2024. www.omc.com 35 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD OPERATIONS AND COMMITTEE STRUCTURE Our Board met 10 times during 2025. The Board generally conducts specific oversight tasks through committees so that the Board as a whole can focus on strategic matters and those particular tasks that by law or custom require the attention of the full Board. Our Board has established four standing committees, functioning in these areas, as explained more fully below: audit and financial reporting management/compensation corporate governance finance and acquisitions/divestitures Each of the committees operates under a written charter recommended by the Governance Committee and approved by the Board. The Board operates pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Each Board committee is authorized to retain its own outside advisors. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and committee charters, which have been approved by the Board, are posted on our website at https://www.omc.com. The table below provides current membership for each Board committee. Director Audit Compensation Governance Finance Mary C. Choksi Leonard S. Coleman, Jr. Mark D. Gerstein Ronnie S. Hawkins Deborah J. Kissire Philippe Krakowsky Gracia C. Martore Patrick Q. Moore Patricia Salas Pineda Linda Johnson Rice Cassandra Santos Valerie M. Williams John D. Wren E. Lee Wyatt Jr. Number of Meetings in 2025 11 12 6 7 Member Chair AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee s purpose is to assist the Board in carrying out its financial reporting and oversight responsibilities, including oversight of risk as described in Risk Oversight beginning on page 31 above. In this regard, the Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of (a) the integrity of our financial statements, (b) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (c) the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors, and (d) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors. Furthermore, the Audit Committee prepares the report included below in the section entitled Audit Committee Report. The Audit Committee also has the power to retain or dismiss our independent auditors and to approve their compensation. The Board has determined that each member of our Audit Committee is independent within the meaning of both the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A -3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Board has also determined that each member of our Audit Committee is financially literate, has accounting or related financial management expertise, and, other than Mark D. Gerstein, is an audit committee financial expert, as such qualifications are defined by SEC regulations and the rules of the NYSE, respectively. Meetings in 2025: 11 36 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee s purpose is to (a) assist the Board in carrying out its oversight responsibilities relating to compensation matters, including oversight of risk as described in Risk Oversight beginning on page 31 above, (b) prepare a report on executive compensation for inclusion in our annual Proxy Statement and (c) administer and approve awards under our equity and other compensation plans. The report of the Compensation Committee is included below in the section entitled Compensation Committee Report. The Board has determined that each member of our Compensation Committee is independent within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE and a non -employee director within the meaning of the rules of the SEC. Meetings in 2025: 12 GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE The Governance Committee s purpose is to assist the Board in carrying out its oversight responsibilities, including oversight of risk as described in Risk Oversight beginning on page 31 above, relating to (a) the composition of the Board and (b) certain corporate governance matters. As part of its responsibilities, the Governance Committee considers and makes recommendations to the full Board with respect to the following matters: Meetings in 2025: 6 director nominees and underlying criteria for election to the Board and its committees; the structure, responsibilities and composition of the Board committees; standards and procedures for review of the performance of the Board and its committees, as well as any actions to be taken in response to the performance evaluation results; the election of the Chief Executive Officer and other officers required to be elected by the Board; our Certificate of Incorporation and By -laws ; our Corporate Governance Guidelines generally, including with respect to director qualification standards, responsibilities, access to management and independent advisors, orientation and continuing education and management succession; shareholder proposals made under SEC rules; the Code of Business Conduct applicable to our directors, officers and employees; the Code of Ethics applicable to our senior financial officers; the Political Contributions Policy; the charters of the Board committees; and the Governance Committee s performance of its own responsibilities and, in coordination with the Company s Lead Independent Director, the annual performance evaluation of the Board and its other committees. The Governance Committee also oversees our shareholder engagement efforts and periodically receives reports from management on shareholder feedback. In addition, the Governance Committee oversees the Company s climate change initiatives and processes, and periodically receives reports from management on progress against goals and targets. The Board has determined that each member of our Governance Committee is independent within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE. FINANCE COMMITTEE The Finance Committee s purpose is to assist the Board in carrying out its oversight responsibilities relating to certain financial matters affecting Omnicom, including in respect of acquisitions, divestitures and financings and the oversight of risk as described in Risk Oversight beginning on page 31 above. Meetings in 2025: 7 www.omc.com 37 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS EXECUTIVE SESSIONS As a matter of policy, the independent, non-management directors regularly meet in executive session, without management present. The independent directors met six times in 2025. Ms. Choksi, our Lead Independent Director, presided over executive sessions of the Board in 2025. DIRECTOR ATTENDANCE Attendance at Board and committee meetings during 2025 was 98% for the directors as a group. Each of our directors attended more than 75% of meetings of the Board and the standing committees of the Board on which he or she served during 2025. We encourage our directors to attend our annual meetings of shareholders, and all of our directors then serving on our Board attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. TRANSACTION COMMITTEE In connection with Omnicom s then-pending merger with IPG, the Board formed a Transaction Committee in July 2024 to direct and oversee the negotiation of the transaction terms for the merger. The Transaction Committee was comprised of each of Omnicom s four standing committee chairs, and was chaired by Ms. Choksi, Omnicom s Lead Independent Director. The function of the Transaction Committee was to review, evaluate, assist in negotiations, and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the merger. The Transaction Committee met frequently in 2024 and once in 2025. Board Policies and Processes BOARD AND COMMITTEE EVALUATION PROCESS Every year, the Board and its committees each conduct a self-evaluation to help promote Board and committee effectiveness. The Governance Committee leads the evaluation process, which is overseen by our Lead Independent Director. The process allows directors to evaluate the Board as a whole and the standing committees of the Board on which each director serves through questionnaires covering topics such as: the effectiveness of the Board s leadership structure and the composition and responsibilities of its committees; the adequacy of the number and length of Board and committee meetings and the appropriateness of topics discussed; and the dynamic between the Board and management, and the quality of management s presentations and information provided to the Board and its committees. Our Governance Committee recommends to the full Board a plan for any changes to the functions of our Board or its committees including on structure, responsibilities, performance and composition. BOARD COMPOSITION AND REFRESHMENT The Governance Committee reviews the composition of the Board and recommends to the full Board nominees for election. The Governance Committee periodically conducts a deliberate director skill set analysis to identify the skills and experience needed on the Board, including to replace any departing director. The Governance Committee also performs research, either itself or by engaging third parties to do so on its behalf, to identify and evaluate director candidates. 38 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS OVERBOARDING POLICY Our non -employee directors may not serve on more than three other public company boards, our Lead Independent Director or non -executive Board Chairman, if applicable, may not serve on more than two other public company boards, and directors who are actively employed as a public company executive officer may not serve on more than one other public company board. The Board reviews this annually, and currently all of our directors are in compliance with the policy. Non -employee directors must receive approval from the Chair of the Governance Committee prior to joining the board of another public company. Employee directors may not serve as board members for other public companies without the approval of the Board. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The following directors served as members of our Compensation Committee during all or a portion of 2025: Mary C. Choksi, Leonard S. Coleman, Jr., Ronnie S. Hawkins, Gracia C. Martore and Linda Johnson Rice. None of the Compensation Committee members who served during 2025 is a current or former employee or officer of Omnicom or its subsidiaries. None of the Compensation Committee members who served during 2025 has ever had any relationship requiring disclosure by Omnicom under Item 404 of Regulation S -K . During 2025, none of our executive officers served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions) of any other company that had an executive officer serving as a member of our Board or its Compensation Committee. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS We review all relationships and transactions between Omnicom or its subsidiaries and related persons to determine whether such persons have a direct or indirect material interest. Related persons include any director, nominee for director, executive officer or their immediate family members. Although we do not have a written policy governing such transactions, Omnicom s legal staff is primarily responsible for the development and implementation of processes and controls to obtain information from the directors and executive officers with respect to related person transactions and for then determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether the Company or a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. As part of this process, and pursuant to our Audit Committee s charter, the Audit Committee reviews our policies and procedures with respect to related person transactions. These policies and procedures have been communicated to, and are periodically reviewed with, our directors and executive officers, and the Audit Committee documents in its minutes any actions that it takes with respect to such matters. Under SEC rules, transactions that are determined to be directly or indirectly material to Omnicom, its subsidiaries or a related person are required to be disclosed in Omnicom s Proxy Statement. In the course of reviewing a related party transaction, Omnicom considers (a) the nature of the related person s interest in the transaction, (b) the material terms of the transaction, (c) the importance of the transaction to the related person and Omnicom or its subsidiaries, (d) whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of Omnicom, and (e) any other matters deemed appropriate. Based on the information available to us and provided to us by our directors and executive officers, we do not believe that there were any such material transactions in effect since January 1, 2025, or any such material transactions proposed to be entered into during 2026, with the following exception: Mr. Wren s brother, Christopher Wren, is employed as the Financial Systems Director for Omnicom Precision Marketing Group. In 2025, his total compensation was $243,160, including salary, bonus and other benefits. ETHICAL BUSINESS CONDUCT We have a Code of Business Conduct designed to inform actions so that our business is carried out in an honest and ethical way. The Code of Business Conduct applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, as well as all of the directors, officers and employees of our majority -owned subsidiaries, and requires that they avoid conflicts of interest, comply with all laws and other legal requirements and otherwise act with integrity. In addition, we have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers regarding ethical action and integrity relating to financial matters applicable www.omc.com 39 Table of Contents ITEM 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS to our senior financial offi