=== OMC_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A., Risk Factors and Item 7., Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , or MD A, in this report and in other documents filed from time to time with the SEC. Except as required under applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. ii PART I Introduction This report is our 2025 annual report to shareholders and our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, or 2025 10-K. Omnicom Group Inc., a New York corporation, was formed in 1986. The terms Omnicom , the Company , we , our and us each refer to Omnicom Group Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. Item 1. Business Merger with IPG On November 26, 2025 (the Closing Date ), Omnicom completed its Merger with IPG (the Merger ). As previously reported, on December 8, 2024, Omnicom entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ) with IPG and EXT Subsidiary Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Omnicom ( Merger Sub ). On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into IPG, with IPG continuing as the surviving corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Omnicom. Upon the Merger, each outstanding share of IPG common stock (other than certain excluded shares) converted into the right to receive 0.344 shares of Omnicom common stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares. Following the closing of the Merger, legacy Omnicom shareholders owned approximately 60.6% of the combined company and legacy IPG shareholders owned approximately 39.4%, on a fully diluted basis (see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements). Omnicom s common stock continues to trade on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol OMC, and IPG s common stock has ceased trading. The Merger qualified as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the combined company operates under the Omnicom name with headquarters in New York, New York. Omnicom is the acquirer of IPG under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), and as a result, the consolidated financial statements of Omnicom for periods prior to the Closing Date do not include the results of operations, financial position, or cash flows of IPG. The results of operations of IPG are included in Omnicom s consolidated financial statements only from the Closing Date forward. Accordingly, Omnicom s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows after the Closing Date are not comparable to prior periods due to the inclusion of IPG s results from the Closing Date (see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements). IPG Senior Notes Exchange Offers In connection with the Merger, Omnicom commenced offers to exchange all outstanding notes of certain series issued by IPG for up to $2.95 billion in aggregate principal amount of new notes issued by Omnicom. As a result of these exchange offers, which were completed on December 2, 2025, approximately 94% of IPG's outstanding senior notes were exchanged for $2.76 billion in aggregate principal amount of new notes issued by Omnicom. The remaining approximately 6% of IPG's senior notes that were not tendered for exchange by holders remain outstanding obligations of IPG, a wholly owned subsidiary of Omnicom (see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements). Our Business Omnicom is a strategic holding company that operates through global networks, connected capabilities and specialized agencies, which connect its comprehensive portfolio of companies to deliver marketing, sales, communications, and commerce services to many of the largest global companies. Our products and service offerings support client objectives across our primary focus areas: media, content, commerce, generative AI, and branding communications. Omnicom s agencies integrate data, creativity, and technology to deliver coordinated marketing, communications, and commerce solutions. All of our agencies are supported by our integrated technology platform: Omni- including Acxiom and Interact, which were acquired from IPG and Flywheel Commerce Cloud, as well as privacy-focused identity and data management capabilities. These capabilities include the integration of emerging AI-based tools, such as generative AI, into planning, creative advertising, media, and analytics workflows. Omnicom client teams collaborate and accelerate client-service innovation through two integral enterprise-wide solutions: the Global Growth Team (GGT) and our Client Success Leaders (CSLs). GGT ensures an integrated, enterprise-level view of client needs and innovative solutions across new business development. CSLs manage our agency s capabilities, providing holistic, tailored solutions across our service lines for individual client strategies and key performance indicators (KPIs) to enable client success. Our global networks include: Omnicom Advertising (OA), Omnicom Media (OM), the DAS Group of Companies (DAS), and the Communications Consultancy Network (CCN). OA includes our creative brands, BBDO, TBWA, and McCann, which we acquired from IPG, and the brands included within the Advertising Collective. OM includes OMD, PHD, Hearts Sciences, as well as UM, Acxiom, Initiative and Mediahub, which we acquired from IPG. DAS includes Omnicom Precision Marketing and MRM, which we acquired from IPG and Omnicom Health, which includes IPG Health. CCN includes FleishmanHillard and Ketchum, as well as Golin and Weber Shandwick, which we acquired from IPG. 1 On a global, pan-regional, and local basis, our agencies provide a comprehensive range of services in the following fundamental disciplines: Media Advertising, Precision Marketing, Public Relations, Healthcare, Branding Retail Commerce, Experiential, and Execution Support. Media Advertising includes strategic media planning, buying and optimization, data and analytics, creative services, and content production. Precision Marketing includes technology and digital transformation consulting, decision sciences, digital experience design, customer relationship management, and e-commerce and enterprise platforms. Public Relations services include corporate communications, crisis management, public affairs and media and media relations services. Healthcare includes corporate communications and advertising and media services to global healthcare and pharmaceutical companies. Branding Retail Commerce includes brand and product consulting, strategy and research, and retail marketing. Experiential marketing services include live and digital events and experience design and execution. Execution Support includes field marketing, sales support, digital and physical merchandising, point-of-sale and product placement, as well as other specialized marketing and custom communications services. Our Omni platform integrates data and technology in support of the services provided by all of our disciplines . Our geographic markets include the Americas, which includes North America and Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Our business model was built and continues to evolve around our clients. While our networks, connected capabilities and agencies operate under different names and frame their ideas in different disciplines, we organize our services around our clients. Our fundamental business principle is that our clients specific requirements are the central focus of how we structure our service offerings and allocate our resources. This client-centric business model requires that multiple agencies and disciplines within Omnicom collaborate in formal client networks, such as our CSLs and GGT, as well as informal virtual client networks, resulting in a client matrix organization structure. This collaboration allows us execute our clients marketing requirements in a consistent and comprehensive manner. We use our client-centric approach to grow our business by expanding our service offerings to existing clients, moving into new markets and obtaining new clients. In addition, we pursue selective acquisitions of complementary companies with strong entrepreneurial management teams that could fill gaps in our service delivery to our existing clients. We believe generative AI and agentic AI have, and will continue to have, a significant impact on how we provide services to our clients and how we enhance the productivity of our people. As the marketing industry adjusts to the evolving AI landscape, we seek to leverage these technologies to better serve our clients and maintain our competitive advantage. In January 2026, we unveiled our next generation of Omni, our proprietary marketing intelligence platform. Omni integrates our connected capabilities, high-quality and comprehensive identity and data infrastructure, and cutting-edge AI into a single operating system that we believe will give clients a unified foundation to connect strategy, execution, and performance across their entire marketing ecosystem. As we continue to make investments in new technologies, we remain committed to responsible AI practices and collaboration to harness AI's potential, while evaluating related risks, such as ethical considerations, public perception and reputational concerns, intellectual property protection, regulatory compliance, privacy and data security concerns and our ability to effectively adopt this new emerging technology. Global economic conditions and disruptions have a direct impact on our business and financial performance. Adverse global economic conditions and disruptions pose a risk that our clients may reduce, postpone or cancel spending on marketing and communications services, which would reduce the demand for our services. Revenue is typically lower in the first and third quarters and higher in the second and fourth quarters, reflecting client spending patterns during the year, as well as additional project work that usually occurs in the fourth quarter. Certain global events targeted by major marketers for advertising expenditures, such as the FIFA World Cup and the Olympics, and certain national events, such as the U.S. election process, may affect our revenue year-over-year in certain businesses. Typically, these events do not have a significant impact on our revenue in any period. Given our size and breadth, we monitor several financial indicators. The KPIs that we focus on are revenue growth and variability of operating expenses. We analyze revenue growth by reviewing the components and mix of the growth, including growth by principal regional market, connected capabilities and marketing disciplines, the impact from foreign currency exchange rate changes, and growth from our largest clients. Operating expenses primarily consist of cost of services, selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG A, and depreciation and amortization, and are analyzed for each network by the Chief Operating Decision Maker, who allocates resources accordingly. 2 Driven by our clients continuous demand for more effective and efficient marketing activities, we strive to provide an extensive range of marketing and communications services through various client-centric networks that are organized to meet specific client objectives. Our service offerings include: advertising media planning and buying branding merchandising and point of sale content marketing mobile marketing crisis communications multi-cultural marketing customer data analytics and data-driven decision making organizational communications customer relationship management package design decision sciences performance marketing digital experience design product placement digital transformation promotional marketing e-commerce optimization public affairs entertainment marketing public relations experiential marketing retail media and e-commerce field marketing shopper marketing healthcare marketing and communications structured innovation in-store design studio production investor relations social media and influencer marketing marketing research sports and event marketing Certain business trends have impacted our business and industry. These trends include clients increasingly expanding the focus of their brand strategies from national markets to pan-regional and global markets and integrating traditional and non-traditional marketing channels, as well as utilizing new communications technologies and emerging digital platforms. As clients increase their demands for marketing effectiveness and efficiency, they tend to pursue a strategy that covers all consumer touch points in an economically effective manner. Our portfolio of businesses provides clients with an array of strategic options and we have structured our business around these trends. We believe that our client matrix organization structure approach to collaboration and integration of our services and solutions have provided a competitive advantage to our business in the past and we expect this to continue over the medium and long term. Our client matrix organization structure facilitates superior client management and allows for greater integration across our service platforms. Our overarching strategy is to continue to use our CSLs to grow our business relationships with our largest clients by serving them across our networks, agencies and geographies. The various components of our business, including revenue by discipline and geographic area, and material factors that affected us in the three years ended December 31, 2025, are discussed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A). Our Clients Our clients operate in virtually every sector of the global economy, with no one industry representing more than 15% of our revenue in 2025. In many cases, multiple agencies within our networks serve different brands, product groups or both within the same client. For example, in 2025, our largest client represented 2.4% of revenue and was served by approximately 144 of our agencies. Our 100 largest clients, which represent many of the major marketers, represented approximately 54% of revenue and were each served, on average, by approximately 55 of our agencies. Although our revenue is generally balanced between the United States and international markets and we have a large and diverse client base, we are not immune to general economic downturns. Government Regulations We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations in the countries in which we conduct business. Compliance with these laws and regulations in the normal course of business did not have a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Additional information regarding the impact of government regulations on our business is included in Item 1A, Risk Factors - Legal and Regulatory Risks . Human Capital Resources and Environmental Sustainability Initiatives Our employees are our most important assets. We believe a critical component of our success depends on the ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. The skill sets of our workforce across our agencies and within each discipline share many similarities. Common to all is the ability to understand the client s brand or product and its selling proposition and to develop a unique message to communicate the value of the brand or product to the client s target audience, whether through traditional channels or digital platforms. Recognizing the importance of this core competency, we support and develop our employees through training and development programs that build and strengthen employees leadership and professional skills. 3 Human capital management strategies are developed collectively by senior management, including the management teams of our networks and agencies, and are overseen by our Board of Directors. We are committed to efforts that ensure that the workplace is equitable, ethical, fosters an inclusive work environment across our global workforce and respects human rights. Our social and human capital management priorities include, among other things, adopting codes of conduct and business ethics, providing competitive wages and benefits, comprehensive training programs and succession planning. At December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 120,000 people worldwide, including 55,300 people in the Americas, 38,000 people in EMEA, and 26,700 people in Asia-Pacific. The United States is our largest employee base, where we employed approximately 37,700 people. None of our regular employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. In certain countries outside the United States, primarily in Europe, some employees are represented by work councils. See our MD A for the effect of salary and related costs on our results of operations. Our environmental sustainability initiatives include efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through improvements in office space efficiency, energy usage, employee travel, and engagement with vendors. We are a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and support the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, both of which provide frameworks for advancing responsible business practices. Our emissions reduction strategy was reviewed and approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) against a 1.5 degree Celsius scenario, and we continue to monitor developments in methodology and implementation. Various regulatory bodies have adopted or proposed climate-related reporting requirements. In the United States, certain states such as California have enacted climate-related reporting obligations for some companies. In the European Union, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) establishes sustainability disclosure requirements based on the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) for in-scope companies. Sustainability reporting standards and requirements in other jurisdictions where we operate continue to evolve. We are monitoring these developments, assessing their potential impacts, and evaluating related reporting timelines to ensure we comply with applicable laws and regulations. Information About Our Executive Officers At January 30, 2026, our executive officers were: Name Position Age John D. Wren Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 73 Daryl Simm Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer 64 Philippe Krakowsky Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer 63 Philip J. Angelastro Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 61 Louis F. Januzzi Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 52 Mr. Simm was named President and Chief Operating Officer in November 2021 and became Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer in November 2025 and previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Omnicom Media Group for more than 20 years. Mr. Krakowsky became Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer in November 2025 after the completion of the Merger with IPG; he previously served as CEO of IPG for approximately five years. Mr. Januzzi was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in December 2022, and previously served as Senior Vice President Deputy General Counsel - Corporate from May 2021 to December 2022 and as Associate General Counsel - Corporate Development Finance from March 2016 to May 2021. All other executive officers have held their present positions for at least five years. Additional information about our directors and executive officers will appear in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 5, 2026 (the 2026 Proxy Statement ), which is expected to be filed with the SEC in March 2026. Available Information We file annual, quarterly and current reports and any amendments to those reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Documents we file with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at http://investor.omc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with the SEC. Any document we file with the SEC is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The information included on or available through our website is not part of this or any other report we file with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors Economic Risks Adverse economic conditions, a reduction in client spending, a deterioration in the credit markets or a delay in client payments could have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Macroeconomic conditions have a direct impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse economic conditions, including geopolitical events, international hostilities, acts of terrorism, public health crises, inflation or stagflation, tariffs and other trade barriers, central bank interest rate policies in countries that comprise our major markets, and labor and supply chain issues affecting the distribution of our clients products, or a disruption in the credit markets, pose a risk that clients may reduce, postpone or cancel spending for marketing and communications services. Such actions would reduce the 4 demand for our services and could result in a reduction of our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. A contraction or disruption in the credit markets may make it more difficult for us to meet our working capital requirements or refinance maturing debt, or negatively impact our clients liquidity that could cause them to delay payment or take other actions that would negatively affect our working capital. In such circumstances, we may need to obtain additional financing to fund our day-to-day working capital requirements, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. Even if we take action to respond to adverse economic conditions, reductions in revenue and disruptions in the credit markets by aligning our cost structure and more efficiently managing our working capital, such actions may not be effective. A period of sustained inflation across our major markets could result in higher operating costs. Our principal operating expenses are salary and service costs and occupancy and related costs. Inflationary pressures typically result in increases to our operating expenses. In cases of sustained inflation across several of our major markets, it may become increasingly difficult to effectively control increases to our costs. In addition, the effects of inflation on consumer budgets could result in the reduction of our clients spending plans on the marketing and communications services we provide. If we are unable to increase our fees or take other actions to mitigate the effect of the resulting higher costs, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. In an economic downturn, the risk of a material loss related to media purchases and production costs incurred on behalf of our clients could significantly increase, and methods for managing or mitigating such risk may be less available or unavailable. In the normal course of business, our agencies enter into contractual commitments with media providers and production companies on behalf of our clients at levels that can substantially exceed the revenue from our services. These commitments are included in accounts payable when the services are delivered by the media providers or production companies. If permitted by local law and the client agreement, many of our agencies purchase media and production services for our clients as an agent for a disclosed principal. In addition, while operating practices vary by country, media type and media vendor, in the United States and certain foreign markets, many of our agencies contracts with media and production providers specify that our agencies are not liable to the media and production providers under the theory of sequential liability until and to the extent we have been paid by our client for the media or production services. Where purchases of media and production services are made by our agencies as a principal or are not subject to the theory of sequential liability, the risk of a material loss as a result of payment default by our clients could increase significantly, and such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we use various methods to manage the risk of payment default, including obtaining credit insurance, requiring payment in advance, mitigating the potential loss in the marketplace or negotiating with media providers, these may be insufficient, less available, or unavailable during a severe economic downturn. Geopolitical events, international hostilities or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Current or future geopolitical events, international hostilities or acts of terrorism could impact global economies through, among other things, disruption of business operations and demand for client services, disruption in the credit markets, heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks and disruptions to our information technology infrastructure, increased energy costs and labor and supply chain disruptions. This could result in suspension of our or our clients businesses in the affected region, which could impact client spending on our services. These actions could have a significant and adverse impact our business, results of operations and financial condition in the future. For example, as a result of the war in Ukraine, in the first quarter of 2022, we suspended our business operations in Ukraine and disposed of all our businesses in Russia. In addition, economic sanctions were imposed on Russia by the United States, United Kingdom, and the European Union. The war in Ukraine is ongoing, and its duration is uncertain. We cannot predict the impact of the war in Ukraine or other international hostilities on our businesses and operations. Global public health crises or pandemics or other similar health crises could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. When a public health crisis arises, demand for certain of our services may be adversely affected by government measures, including restrictions on travel and business operations and quarantine and stay-at-home orders arising from the occurrence of a pandemic, or similar global public health crises. The extent of the impact on our business will depend on numerous factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the geographic regions that may be affected. Business and Operational Risks Clients periodically review and change their marketing and communications requirements and relationships. If we are unable to remain competitive or retain key clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. We operate in a highly competitive industry. Key competitive considerations for retaining existing clients and winning new clients include our ability to develop solutions that meet client needs in a rapidly changing environment, the quality and 5 effectiveness of our services and our ability to serve clients efficiently, particularly large multinational clients, on a broad geographic basis. From time to time, clients may put their marketing and communications business up for competitive review. We have won and lost accounts as a result of these reviews. To the extent that we are not able to remain competitive or retain key clients, our revenue may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Acquiring new clients and retaining existing clients depends on our ability to avoid and manage conflicts of interest arising from other client relationships, retaining key personnel and maintaining a highly skilled workforce. Our ability to acquire new clients and retain existing clients may, in some cases, be limited by clients perceptions of, or policies concerning, conflicts of interest arising from our other client relationships. If we are unable to maintain multiple agencies to manage multiple client relationships and avoid potential conflicts of interests, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. As a service business, our ability to attract and retain key personnel is an important aspect of our competitiveness. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our ability to provide our services in the manner clients have come to expect may be adversely affected, which could harm our reputation and result in a loss of clients. Additionally, we may be unable to hire or retain talent who are trained in artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced algorithms, to keep up with the rapid and ongoing technological advancements in our industry. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The loss of several of our largest clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In 2025, our largest client represented approximately 2.4% and our 100 largest clients represented approximately 54% of our revenue. Clients generally are able to reduce or cancel current or future spending on marketing and communications services at any time on short notice for any reason. A significant reduction in spending on our services by our largest clients, or the loss of several of our largest clients, if not replaced by new clients or an increase in business from existing clients, would adversely affect our revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely exte