=== FDX_2025-08-18.htm.gz ===
tm2512613-2_nonfiling - none - 26.0101162s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 FedEx Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS FEDEX. MAKING SUPPLY CHAINS SMARTER FOR EVERYONE. FedEx was founded to connect people to possibilities. For over 50 years, our ecosystem of networks and team members across over 220 countries and territories has kept our customers, global trade, and society moving. Routes into and out of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus are suspended. More than 50 years of incessant innovation and strategic leadership give us the ability and responsibility to shape a more prosperous and sustainable world, with greater opportunity for all. As we strive to make supply chains smarter for everyone, we put our values of flexibility, efficiency, and intelligence into action from the in-kind shipping of disaster relief supplies where and when they re needed most, to increasing the amount of renewable energy powering our facilities, to supporting our team members with upskilling and tuition reimbursement. We remain committed to delivering transparent and timely updates on our management of sustainability matters that are aligned with our company s strategic focus. The 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report discusses our sustainability strategies, programs, and progress toward our goals. Explore our goals and progress at fedex.com/en-us/sustainability/reports.html . * The information on the 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report webpage, the Corporate Responsibility Report, or any other information on the FedEx website that we may refer to herein is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form any part of, this proxy statement. Materiality, as used in the Corporate Responsibility Report and related disclosures, is different than the definition used in the context of filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Issues deemed material for purposes of such disclosures may not be considered material for SEC reporting purposes. Any targets or goals discussed in our Corporate Responsibility Report and in this proxy statement may be aspirational, and as such, no guarantees or promises are made that these goals will be met. Furthermore, certain statistics and metrics disclosed in this proxy statement and in the Corporate Responsibility Report are estimates and may be based on assumptions that turn out to be incorrect. FedEx does not undertake or assume any obligation to update or revise such information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. TABLE OF CONTENTS A MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD To our stockholders, This year marks a profound moment in the history of FedEx as we mourn the passing of our founder, Frederick W. Smith. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend our deepest gratitude to Fred for his unmatched contribution and unwavering vision. Fred was a pioneer who reshaped the world of logistics and global commerce. His relentless drive, bold thinking, and belief in the power of people created a company that became an indispensable part of how the world connects. For over five decades, Fred s leadership guided FedEx through extraordinary growth and transformation. With the same courage and commitment he brought to his military and public service, Fred built FedEx on a foundation of service empowering team members, uplifting communities, and reimagining how goods move across the globe. As we honor Fred s extraordinary legacy, we look forward with the same spirit he instilled in this company from day one. The principles he lived by innovation, integrity, and a deep commitment to people will remain the foundation of everything we do. We will carry that vision forward, with respect for the past and determination for the future. In connection with our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders to be held on September 29, 2025, I am sharing how FedEx continues to advance its strategic transformation. Guided by a strong commitment to ethics, integrity, and reliability, we uphold rigorous governance practices that support long-term value creation and operational excellence. In FY26, the Board of Directors will continue its oversight of key efforts that will keep moving FedEx forward. Key to this will be the June 2026 planned separation of FedEx and FedEx Freight creating two independent, publicly traded industry-leading companies. Both companies will be positioned to pursue focused growth strategies to meet the distinct and evolving global parcel and freight markets. This marks a bold and strategic step forward, one that will enable us to continue delivering value to our stockholders. DRIVE, Network 2.0, Tricolor, digital innovations, and other key focus areas will ensure FedEx is poised for sustainable growth and long-term competitiveness. I extend my sincere congratulations to former FedEx director David Steiner on his appointment as the United States Postmaster General. David s strategic insight, steady guidance, and thoughtful contributions during his more than 15 years on our Board of Directors have left a meaningful impact on FedEx. Replacing David as Chair of the Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Committee is Susan Patricia Griffith. Following the September annual meeting, Tricia will also serve as our Lead Independent Director. Her deep experience as President and CEO of The Progressive Corporation brings thoughtful leadership, strategic clarity, and a strong commitment to innovation and customer-focused values. Her steady judgment and collaborative spirit have made her a trusted voice on the FedEx Board of Directors since 2018. I am also pleased to announce that the Board has nominated Richard W. Smith for election as a director at the upcoming annual meeting. Richard possesses extensive FedEx experience and will represent the legacy and values of his father and family on the Board of Directors. With the oversight of the Board of Directors, FY26 will be another year of extraordinary achievement as we continue this transformative journey to create significant value for our customers, team members, stockholders, and communities. Inspired by Fred s values and the remarkable culture he created, this team will deliver a bright future for FedEx Corporation. Sincerely, R. Brad Martin Chairman of the Board FedEx Corporation 2025 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Items of Business Voting Proposal Board Recommendation 1 Elect the thirteen nominees named in the proxy statement as FedEx directors for a one-year term FOR each director nominee 2 Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation FOR 3 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as FedEx s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR 4 Approval of the amendment to the FedEx Corporation 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of authorized shares FOR 5 Act upon one stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the meeting AGAINST Stockholders also will consider any other matters that may properly come before the meeting. How to Attend the Virtual Annual Meeting FedEx s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders will be a virtual meeting, conducted exclusively via live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FDX2025 . There will not be a physical location for the annual meeting, and you will not be able to attend the meeting in person. To attend the annual meeting of stockholders at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ FDX2025 , you must enter the control number on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice of Internet Availability. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, we encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the meeting by one of the methods described to the right. During the meeting, you may ask questions and vote. To vote at the meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/FDX2025 . For more information, please see page 117 . Please Vote Your Shares Your vote is very important. Please vote your shares whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, GINA F. ADAMS Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary August 18, 2025 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 29, 2025: The following materials are available at www.proxyvote.com : The Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held September 29, 2025; The FedEx 2025 Proxy Statement; and The FedEx Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2025. A Notice Regarding the Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the proxy statement, form of proxy, and accompanying materials are first being sent to stockholders on or about August 18, 2025. LOGISTICS Date and Time Monday, September 29, 2025, at 8:00 a.m. Central Time Location Online via webcast at www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/FDX2025 Who Can Vote Stockholders of record at the close of business on August 4, 2025, may vote at the meeting or any postponements or adjournments of the meeting. HOW TO CAST YOUR VOTE If you are a registered stockholder, you can vote by any of the following methods: Online www.proxyvote.com up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on 9/28/2025. For shares held in any FedEx or subsidiary employee stock purchase plan or benefit plan, vote by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on 9/25/2025. By phone 1-800-690-6903 ; Dial toll-free 24/7 up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on 9/28/2025. For shares held in any FedEx or subsidiary employee stock purchase plan or benefit plan, vote by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on 9/25/2025. Proxy card Completing, signing, and returning your proxy card At the meeting You also may vote online during the annual meeting by following the instructions provided on the meeting website during the annual meeting. To vote at the meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting. com/FDX2025 . If you are a beneficial owner and received a voting instruction form, please follow the instructions provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee to vote your shares. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders 4 Proxy Statement Summary 6 Corporate Governance Matters 12 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 12 Process for Selecting Directors 12 Process for Training and Evaluating Directors 14 Nominees for Election to the Board 15 The Board s Role and Responsibilities 27 Board Structure 32 Board Processes and Policies 36 Directors Compensation 38 Executive Compensation 42 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 42 Report of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors 43 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 43 Summary Compensation Table 66 Grants of Plan-Based Awards During Fiscal 2025 70 Outstanding Equity Awards at End of Fiscal 2025 72 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal 2025 76 Fiscal 2025 Pension Benefits 77 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 80 Pay Versus Performance 85 CEO Pay Ratio 90 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 91 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Stockholders 91 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Stockholders 91 Summary Table 91 AUDIT MATTERS 92 Proposal 3 Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 92 Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 92 Policies Regarding Independent Auditor 92 Report of the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors 93 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 95 Stock Ownership 96 Directors and Executive Officers 96 Significant Stockholders 97 Amendment to 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 98 Proposal 4 Approval of the Amendment to the 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan to Increase the Number of Authorized Shares 98 Stockholder Proposal 109 Information About the Annual Meeting 112 Virtual Meeting Information 117 Additional Information 118 General Information 118 Proxy Solicitation 118 Householding 118 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for 2026 Annual Meeting 119 Stockholder Proposals for 2026 Annual Meeting 119 Proxy Access Director Nominations 119 Additional Information 119 Appendix A Companies in Director Compensation Comparison Survey Group A-1 Appendix B Companies in Executive Compensation Comparison Survey Group B-1 Appendix C Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures C-1 Appendix D FedEx Corporation 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan D-1 2025 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Page references are supplied to help you find additional information in this proxy statement. Proposal 1 Election of Directors DIRECTOR SINCE COMMITTEES OTHER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS NOMINEE AND POSITION AGE AFC CHRC CyTOC GSPPC SILVIA DAVILA Regional President, Latin America of Danone S.A. 54 2023 Betterware de M xico, S.A.P.I. de C.V. MARVIN R. ELLISON Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 60 2014 Lowe s Companies, Inc. STEPHEN E. GORMAN Former Chief Executive Officer of Air Methods Corporation 70 2022 Peabody Energy Corporation SUSAN PATRICIA GRIFFITH* President and Chief Executive Officer of The Progressive Corporation 60 2018 The Progressive Corporation AMY B. LANE Former Managing Director and Group Leader, Global Retailing Investment Banking Group, Merrill Lynch Co., Inc. 72 2022 NextEra Energy, Inc. and TJX Companies Inc. R. BRAD MARTIN* Chairman of the Board Chairman of RBM Venture Company 73 2011 Westrock Coffee Company NANCY A. NORTON Retired Vice Admiral, U.S. Navy 60 2022 Leidos Holdings, Inc. FREDERICK P. PERPALL Chief Executive Officer of The Beck Group 50 2021 Starwood Property Trust, Inc. JOSHUA COOPER RAMO Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sornay, LLC 56 2011 SUSAN C. SCHWAB Professor Emerita at the University of Maryland School of Public Policy 70 2009 Caterpillar Inc. and Marriott International, Inc. RICHARD W. SMITH Chief Operating Officer International and Chief Executive Officer Airline of Federal Express Corporation 47 RAJESH SUBRAMANIAM President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Corporation 59 2020 The Procter Gamble Company PAUL S. WALSH Executive Chairman of the Board of McLaren Group Limited 70 1996 McDonald s Corporation and UPL Ltd. AFC Audit and Finance Committee CyTOC Cyber and Technology Oversight Committee Member Independent CHRC Compensation and Human Resources Committee GSPPC Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Committee Chair * If reelected, immediately following the annual meeting Mr. Martin will become executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board and no longer be considered independent and Ms. Griffith will become Lead Independent Director. See pages 32-33 for additional information. See page 36 for committee memberships immediately following the annual meeting if all of the director nominees are elected. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the thirteen nominees. See page 12 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Director Nominee Highlights Director Nominee Highlights* Tenure, Age, Gender, and Background * Statistics assume all director nominees are elected at the annual meeting. If reelected, immediately following the annual meeting R. Brad Martin will become executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board and no longer be considered independent. ** As of August 18, 2025 Director Nominee Experience, Qualifications, Attributes, and Skills The Board believes that it is desirable that the following experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills be possessed by one or more of FedEx s Board members because of their particular relevance to the company s business and structure, and these were all considered by the Board in connection with this year s director nomination process: Transportation/ Logistics/Supply Chain International Financial Marketing Retail/ E-commerce 5 Nominees 8 Nominees 6 Nominees 7 Nominees 7 Nominees Technological/Digital/ Cybersecurity Energy Human Resource Management Government Risk Management 4 Nominees 4 Nominees 2 Nominees 5 Nominees 7 Nominees Leadership 13 Nominees 2025 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Corporate Governance Highlights Corporate Governance Highlights You can find detailed information about our corporate governance policies and practices in the Corporate Governance Matters section of this proxy statement. You can also access our corporate governance documents under the Governance heading on the Investor Relations page of our website at investors.fedex.com . Information contained on our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference as part of this proxy statement. Corporate Governance Facts Proxy Access Majority Voting for Directors and Resignation Requirement for Directors Who Fail to Receive Majority Vote Annual Election of All Directors Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations No Supermajority Voting Provisions in Company s Charter or Bylaws Stockholder Right to Call a Special Meeting Lead Independent Director if Chairman of the Board Not Independent Independent Directors Meet Regularly in Executive Sessions Without Management Present Annual Independent Director Evaluation of the CEO Limit on Number of Other Directorships and Commitments No Director Serves on More Than Two Other Public Company Boards No Director Who is a Public Company Executive Officer Serves on More Than One Other Public Company Board Code of Conduct Applicable to All Directors Stock Ownership Goal for Directors and Executive Officers Policies on Recoupment of Incentive Compensation Policy on Limitation of Severance Benefits No Poison Pill 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Proposal 2 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation Executive Compensation Design Our executive compensation program is designed not only to retain and attract highly qualified and effective executives but also to motivate them to substantially contribute to FedEx s future success for the long-term benefit of stockholders and reward them for doing so. We believe there should be a strong relationship between pay and corporate performance, and our executive compensation program reflects this belief. At our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, our say-on-pay proposal received support from 90.6% of the votes cast . For additional information, please see Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Elements of Compensation The elements of target total direct compensation for fiscal 2025 are presented below. (1) See page 47 for individual fiscal 2025 target total direct compensation components. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. See page 42 2025 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Proposal 3 Compensation Highlights Under the fiscal 2025 annual incentive compensation ( AIC ) plan, annual bonus payments were tied to achieving specified levels of fiscal 2025 adjusted consolidated operating income. Consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy, achievement below the target objective for adjusted consolidated operating income for fiscal 2025 resulted in below-target payouts under the fiscal 2025 AIC plan. LTI payouts for fiscal 2025 were tied to meeting pre-established aggregate adjusted EPS goals (50%), CapEx/ Revenue goals (25%), and relative TSR goals (25%) over a three-fiscal-year period. A significant year-over-year adjusted EPS decline in fiscal 2023 resulted in below-threshold attainment under the EPS component of the FY23 FY25 LTI plan, while CapEx/Revenue below the maximum objective over the three-fiscal-year period resulted in maximum attainment under this component and relative TSR below the target objective over the three fiscal-year period resulted in below-target attainment under the final component, all resulting in below-target total payouts under the FY23 FY25 LTI plan. Officers realize value from the stock options included in the total direct compensation calculation only if the stock price appreciates after the grant date. The exercise price for the fiscal 2025 annual stock option grant to executive officers was $292.13. The closing price of FedEx common stock on August 4, 2025 was $217.49. Proposal 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as FedEx s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit and Finance Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm and has specific policies in place to ensure its independence. The Audit and Finance Committee has appointed Ernst Young LLP ( Ernst Young ) to serve as FedEx s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026. Ernst Young has been our independent registered public accounting firm since 2002. Fees paid to Ernst Young for fiscal 2025 and 2024 are detailed on page 95 . Representatives of Ernst Young will attend the meeting, will be given the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. See page 92 Proposal 4 Approval of the Amendment to the FedEx Corporation 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan to Increase the Number of Authorized Shares FedEx relies on equity awards to retain and attract key employees and non-employee Board members and believes that equity incentives are necessary for FedEx to remain competitive in retaining and attracting highly qualified individuals upon whom, in large measure, the future growth and success of FedEx depend. Our stockholders originally approved FedEx s 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2019 Plan ), at the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. Following an amendment approved at the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, the 2019 Plan currently provides that the maximum number of shares of FedEx common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2019 Plan is 22,000,000 shares, of which no more than 1,500,000 shares may be issued as full-value awards (i.e., awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights). In order to continue the practice of granting equity incentive awards, the Board of Directors is seeking stockholder approval of an amendment to the 2019 Plan to further increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan. If approved by our stockholders, the amendment would authorize an additional 2,100,000 shares for issuance under the 2019 Plan, of which up to 2,000,000 may be issuable as full-value awards. The amendment would not make any other changes to the 2019 Plan. Absent an increase in the number of authorized shares under the 2019 Plan, we do not expect to have sufficient shares to meet our anticipated equity compensation needs beginning in fiscal 2027. We believe that increasing the number of shares issuable under the 2019 Plan is necessary in order to allow FedEx to continue to utilize equity awards to retain and attract the services of key individuals essential to FedEx s long-term growth and financial success and to further align their interests with those of FedEx s stockholders. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. See page 98 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Proposal 5 Proposal 5 One Stockholder Proposal, if properly presented Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote AGAINST this proposal. See page 109 Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this proxy statement may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to FedEx s financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, plans, objectives, future performance, and business. Forward-looking statements include those preceded by, followed by, or that include the words will, may, could, would, should, believes, expects, forecasts, anticipates, plans, estimates, targets, projects, intends , or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the factors that can be found in FedEx s and its subsidiaries press releases and FedEx s filings with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form10-K for fiscal 2025. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. FedEx does not undertake or assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 2025 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Proposal 1 Election of Directors All of FedEx s directors are elected at each annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Board of Directors currently consists of twelve members. The Board proposes that each of the current directors be reelected to the Board. In addition, the Board has nominated Richard W. Smith, Chief Operating Officer International and Chief Executive Officer Airline of Federal Express Corporation, for election as a director, upon the recommendation of the Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Committee ( GSPP Committee ). Effective immediately before the 2025 annual meeting, the size of the Board will be increased to thirteen members. Each of the nominees elected at this annual meeting will hold office until the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2026 and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier disqualification, death, resignation, or removal. Each nominee has consented to being named in this proxy statement and has agreed to serve if elected. If a nominee is unable to stand for election, the Board of Directors may either reduce the number of directors to be elected or select a substitute nominee. If a substitute nominee is selected, the proxy holders may vote your shares for the substitute nominee. Vote Required for Approval Under FedEx s majority-voting standard, each of the thirteen director nominees must receive more votes cast for than against his or her election in order to be elected to the Board. For more information, please see Process for Selecting Directors Nomination Process Majority-Voting Standard for Director Elections. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the thirteen nominees. Process for Selecting Directors The Board is responsible for recommending director candidates for election by the stockholders and for electing directors to fill vacancies or newly created directorships. The Board has delegated the screening and evaluation process for director candidates to the GSPP Committee, which identifies, evaluates, and recruits highly qualified director candidates and recommends them to the Board. Experience, Qualifications, Attributes, and Skills The GSPP Committee seeks director nominees with the skills and experience needed to properly oversee the interests, risks, and businesses of the company. The Committee carefully evaluates each candidate to ensure that he or she possesses the experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that the Committee believes are necessary for an effective Board member. These crucial qualities include, among others: The highest level of personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values; An inquiring and independent mind; Practical wisdom and mature judgment; Expertise that is useful to FedEx and complementary to the background and experience of other Board members; and Willingness to represent the best interests of all stockholders and objectively appraise management performance. In addition to the qualifications that each director nominee must have, the Board believes that one or more of FedEx s Board members should possess the experience and expertise listed below because of their particular relevance to the company s business, strategy, and structure. These were all considered by the Board in connection with this year s director nomination process. 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Process for Selecting Directors TRANSPORTATION/LOGISTICS/ SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE ENERGY EXPERTISE INTERNATIONAL EXPERIENCE HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE FINANCIAL EXPERTISE GOVERNMENT EXPERIENCE MARKETING EXPERTISE RISK MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE RETAIL/E-COMMERCE EXPERTISE LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE TECHNOLOGICAL/ DIGITAL/ CYBERSECURITY EXPERTISE While the Board of Directors does not maintain a formal diversity policy, it seeks in its members a blend of personal and professional experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds, as well as institutional knowledge and personal chemistry, resulting in a high-performing Board of Directors that provides sound and prudent guidance with respect to all of FedEx s operations and interests. Nomination Process Nomination of Director Candidates The GSPP Committee identifies, evaluates, and recruits director candidates, considers the advisability of adding new directors to the current composition of the Board, and evaluates and recommends existing director nominees to the Board as follows: 2025 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Process for Training and Evaluating Directors Stockholder Recommendations The GSPP Committee will consider director nominees recommended by stockholders. To recommend a prospective director candidate for the GSPP Committee s consideration, stockholders may submit the candidate s name, qualifications, including whether the candidate satisfies the requirements set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and discussed in Process for Selecting Directors Experience, Qualifications, Attributes, and Skills, and other relevant biographical information in writing to: FedEx Corporation Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary, 942 South Shady Grove Road, Memphis, Tennessee 38120. FedEx s Bylaws require stockholders to give advance notice of stockholder proposals and nominations of director candidates. For more information, please see Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for 2026 Annual Meeting. Majority-Voting Standard for Director Elections FedEx s Bylaws require that we use a majority-voting standard in uncontested director elections and a resignation requirement for directors who fail to receive the required majority vote. The Bylaws also prohibit the Board from reverting to a plurality-voting standard without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all the shares of FedEx stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Under the majority-voting standard, a director nominee must receive more votes cast for than against his or her election in order to be elected to the Board. In accordance with the majority-voting standard and resignation requirement, each director who is standing for reelection at the annual meeting has tendered an irrevocable resignation from the Board of Directors that will take effect if (i) the director does not receive more votes cast for than against his or her election at the annual meeting, and (ii) the Board accepts the resignation. FedEx s Bylaws require the Board of Directors, within 90 days after certification of the election results, to accept the director s resignation unless there is a compelling reason for the director to remain on the Board and to promptly disclose its decision (including, if applicable, the reasons for rejecting the resignation) in a filing with the SEC. Process for Training and Evaluating Directors New Director Orientation FedEx has a New Director Orientation Program that enables new members of the Board to quickly become active and effective Board members. The program includes, among other things, an overview of fiduciary duties and responsibilities of directors, individual meetings with key members of the Board and senior management, facility tours, and attending at least one meeting of each Board committee of which the new director is not a member during his or her first two years as a Board member in order to gain a better understanding of committee functions. The process is tailored to take into account the individual needs of each new director. The GSPP Committee is responsible for overseeing the New Director Orientation Program and the Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary is responsible for administering the program and reporting to the GSPP Committee the status of the orientation process with respect to each new director. The orientation process is designed to provide new directors with comprehensive information about the company s business, strategy, capital structure, financial performance, risk oversight, evaluation of management, and executive compensation practices, as well as the policies, procedures, and responsibilities of the Board and its committees. Continuing Director Education FedEx provides continuing director education through individual speakers at Board meetings, generally four times per year. The company receives feedback from the directors on potential topics that would be useful for these discussions. In addition to facilitating these customized in-house programs, FedEx monitors pertinent developments in director education and recommends valuable outside programs for Board committee chairpersons to attend. The GSPP Committee reviews the company s director education process on an annual basis to ensure the continuing education provided serves to further directors knowledge in their oversight responsibilities. Board and Committee Evaluations The GSPP Committee oversees an annual performance evaluation of each committee of the Board and the Board as a whole. Each Board member also completes an individual self-assessment, and those responses are provided to the Chairman of the Board and the chairperson of the GSPP Committee. The GSPP Committee reviews and discusses the evaluation results for each committee and the Board as a whole. Each committee discusses its annual evaluation results and identifies any opportunities for improvement. The chairperson of the GSPP Committee reports the results to the Board of Directors, including any action plans. The chairperson also reports to the Board the results of the full Board assessment. The Chairman of the Board and chairperson of the GSPP Committee discuss any notable results from the individual director self-assessments with the relevant directors. As part of the evaluation, our directors consider the Board s processes to ensure, among other things, that its leadership structure remains effective, that Board and committee meetings are conducted in a manner that promotes candid and constructive dialogue, sufficient time has been allocated for such meetings, agenda items reflect key matters of importance to the company, and that the materials provided to the Board and the reports received from management are useful, comprehensive, and timely. 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board Nominees for Election to the Board Below you will find each Board nominee s biography along with other pertinent information, including a selection of each nominee s skills and qualifications. Following the biographies, we have included a chart that exhibits the collective experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills of our Board nominees. SILVIA DAVILA INDEPENDENT Age: 54 Director Since: 2023 Committees: Compensation and Human Resources Cyber and Technology Oversight Other Public Company Directorships: Betterware de M xico, S.A.P.I de C.V. Ms. Davila currently serves as Regional President, Latin America of Danone S.A., a multinational food product company, a position she has held since 2021. She previously served as Senior Vice President, Essential Dairy and Plant Based Latin America of Danone from 2017 to 2021. Ms. Davila served as Vice President and Global Food Chief Marketing Officer of Mars, Inc. from 2014 to 2017. She served in a variety of marketing and brand roles at Mars, Inc., Procter Gamble Company, and McDonald s Corporation from 1989 to 2014. Ms. Davila previously served as a director of Fibra Monterrey. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS International Experience Responsible for leading operations in Mexico for all categories in the Latin American region for Danone. Held a variety of roles in Latin America and Europe at Danone, Mars, Procter Gamble, and McDonalds. Serves as Global Vice President of the International Women s Forum. Marketing Extensive marketing and brand experience in the retail and e-commerce sectors gained from roles at leading consumer companies. Previously served as professor of Strategic Marketing Planning at the Monterrey Institute of Technology. Technology/Digital/Cybersecurity Significant experience in digital transformation in current and prior roles. MARVIN R. ELLISON INDEPENDENT Age: 60 Director Since: 2014 Committees: Audit and Finance Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: Lowe s Companies, Inc. Mr. Ellison serves as Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Lowe s Companies, Inc., a home improvement retailer, serving as Chairman since June 2021 and President and Chief Executive Officer since July 2018. Mr. Ellison served as Chairman of J. C. Penney Company, Inc., an apparel and home furnishings retailer, from August 2016 until May 2018, and Chief Executive Officer from August 2015 through May 2018 (J. C. Penney filed for reorganization in federal bankruptcy court on May 15, 2020). He served as President and CEO-Designee of J. C. Penney from November 2014 through July 2015. From August 2008 through October 2014, Mr. Ellison served as Executive Vice President U.S. Stores of The Home Depot, Inc., a home improvement specialty retailer. From June 2002 to August 2008, he served in a variety of operational roles at The Home Depot, including as President Northern Division and as Senior Vice President Global Logistics. Prior to joining The Home Depot, Mr. Ellison spent 15 years at Target Corporation in a variety of operational roles. He is a former director of J. C. Penney Company, Inc. and H R Block, Inc. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Financial Has overseen complex accounting and financial matters as CEO of two public companies. An audit committee financial expert, as determined by the Board. Marketing; Retail/E-Commerce Marketing expert with significant retail and e-commerce expertise through his executive experience at Lowe s, The Home Depot, and J. C. Penney. Leadership Significant executive leadership experience gained from executive positions held at Lowe s, J. C. Penney, and The Home Depot. Transportation/Logistics/Supply Chain Management Served in a variety of logistics roles during his career, including as Senior Vice President Global Logistics at The Home Depot. 2025 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board STEPHEN E. GORMAN INDEPENDENT Age: 70 Director Since: 2022 Committees: Cyber and Technology Oversight Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: Peabody Energy Corporation Mr. Gorman is the former Chief Executive Officer of Air Methods Corporation, a leading domestic provider in the air medical market, a position he held from August 2018 until his retirement in January 2020. Prior to that, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Borden Dairy Company, a fresh milk and value-added dairy processor and distributor, from 2014 until July 2017. Prior to joining Borden Dairy, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Delta Air Lines, Inc. from 2008 to 2014 and Executive Vice President Operations of Delta Airlines from 2007 to 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Gorman served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Greyhound Lines, Inc. from 2003 to 2007; the Executive Vice President, Operations Support and President, North America for Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. from 2001 to 2003; and Executive Vice President Flight Operations Technical Operations for Northwest Airlines Corp. in 2001. He previously served as a director of Greyhound Lines, Inc., Rohn Industries, Inc., Timco Aviation Services, Inc., Pinnacle Airlines Corporation, and ArcBest Corporation. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Transportation/Logistics/Supply Chain Management Extensive experience in the transportation industry as CEO and COO of public companies in the aviation and transportation industries. Financial As a public company CEO, had oversight of financial statements and strategic financial decisions, and led mergers and acquisitions and strategic restructuring activities. Risk Management Extensive risk management expertise as CEO and COO of public companies in the aviation and transportation industries. International Has extensive experience as an executive officer of large companies with global operations. Leadership Extensive leadership in CEO and other executive officer leadership positions for several large public and private corporations and experience as a public company director, including service as Lead Independent Director (ArcBest Corporation). 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board SUSAN PATRICIA GRIFFITH INDEPENDENT Age: 60 Director Since: 2018 Committees: Compensation and Human Resources Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: The Progressive Corporation Ms. Griffith currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of The Progressive Corporation, a leading property and casualty insurance company, positions she has held since July 2016. Prior to being named President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Griffith served as Progressive s Personal Lines Chief Operating Officer from April 2015 through June 2016 and Vice President from May 2015 through June 2016. She joined Progressive as a claims representative in 1988 and has served in many key leadership positions during her tenure. Ms. Griffith held several managerial positions in the Claims division before being named Chief Human Resources Officer in 2002. In 2008, she returned to the Claims division as the group president, and prior to being named Personal Lines Chief Operating Officer, she was President of Customer Operations from April 2014 to March 2015. Ms. Griffith was named one of FORTUNE magazine s Most Powerful Women in Business in 2016 and 2017. She is a former director of The Children s Place, Inc. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Marketing; Retail/E-Commerce Extensive executive and managerial experience in an industry that emphasizes distinctive advertising and marketing campaigns. Leadership Has held a series of executive leadership positions at The Progressive Corporation, including her role as President and CEO. Technological/Digital/Cybersecurity Executive and managerial experience at a company that relies heavily on its ability to adapt to change, innovate, develop, and implement new applications and other technologies. Risk Management; Human Resource Management Extensive risk management expertise as President and CEO at The Progressive Corporation; has held several other managerial positions, including Chief Human Resources Officer, at The Progressive Corporation. AMY B. LANE INDEPENDENT Age: 72 Director Since: 2022 Committees: Audit and Finance Compensation and Human Resources Other Public Company Directorships: NextEra Energy, Inc. and TJX Companies Inc. Ms. Lane is the former Managing Director and Group Leader of the Global Retailing Investment Banking Group at Merrill Lynch Co., Inc., an investment banking firm, a position she held from 1997 until her retirement in 2002. Ms. Lane previously served as Managing Director at Salomon Brothers, Inc., an investment banking firm, where she founded and led the retail industry investment banking unit, having joined Salomon Brothers in 1989. Ms. Lane also previously served as a director of GNC Holdings, Inc. and as a member of the Board of Trustees of Urban Edge Properties. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Financial Earned an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. Has numerous years of experience in financial services, capital markets, finance, and accounting, and public company audit and finance committee experience, including as a chair. Retail/E-Commerce Founded and led the retail industry investment banking units at Salomon Brothers and Merrill Lynch and is a member of the Board of TJX Companies Inc., a leading global off-price retailer. Energy Member of the Board of NextEra Energy, Inc., a leading clean energy company. Leadership Significant executive leadership, management, and strategy expertise as the former leader of two investment banking practices covering the global retailing industry and service as a director on numerous public company boards. 2025 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board R. BRAD MARTIN INDEPENDENT* CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Age: 73 Director Since: 2011 Committees: Audit and Finance (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: Westrock Coffee Company * If reelected, immediately following the annual meeting Mr. Martin will become executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board and no longer be considered independent. Mr. Martin is Chairman of RBM Venture Company, a private investment company, a position he has held since 2007. He previously served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Riverview Acquisition Corp., an investment company, from April 2021 until its merger with Westrock Coffee Company in August 2022. Mr. Martin was formerly the Chairman of the Board of Chesapeake Energy Corporation, a producer of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, a position he held from October 2015 to February 2021. He was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Saks Incorporated from 1989 to 2006 and remained Chairman until his retirement in 2007. He is the former Interim President of the University of Memphis, a position he held from July 2013 until May 2014. He was previously a director of Chesapeake Energy Corporation, First Horizon National Corporation, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Dillard s, Inc., Gaylord Entertainment Company, lululemon athletica inc., Ruby Tuesday, Inc., and Riverview Acquisition Corp. Additionally, he has agreed to serve as Chairman of the Board of the new publicly traded company to be created upon the planned spin-off of FedEx Freight. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Financial; Risk Management Earned an MBA from Vanderbilt University. As a former CEO of a public company, he actively supervised the CFO, and has significant public company audit committee experience, including as a chair. An audit committee financial expert, as determined by the Board. Former chair of the First Horizon National Corporation Executive and Risk Committee. Marketing; Retail/E-Commerce Gained valuable retail marketing experience and successfully applied his marketing expertise as the former CEO of Saks, a leading department store retailer. Energy; Transportation/Logistics/Supply Chain Management Former member of the board of Pilot Travel Centers LLC and former Chairman of the Board of Chesapeake Energy Corporation. Government Former Tennessee state representative. 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board NANCY A. NORTON INDEPENDENT Age: 60 Director Since: 2022 Committees: Cyber and Technology Oversight (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: Leidos Holdings, Inc. Vice Admiral Norton is the retired Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA), a U.S. Department of Defense combat support agency, and commander, Joint Force Headquarters Department of Defense Information Network, positions she held from February 2018 through February 2021 after serving as Vice Director of DISA from August 2017 through February 2018. Vice Admiral Norton served over 34 years of active duty service as an officer in the U.S. Navy. She served as the director, Command, Control, Communications and Cyber Directorate, U.S. Pacific Command; director of Warfare Integration for Information Warfare; and held commands and posts in multiple international locations. She is the recipient of numerous personal and campaign awards, including the National Security Agency s Frank B. Rowlett Award for individual achievement in information security. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Technological/Digital/Cybersecurity Served as Director of DISA, where her focus was providing information and cyber security tools and support for the U.S. Department of Defense; held numerous other communications and information security senior leadership positions while serving in the U.S. Navy. Human Resource Management Led global teams as a Vice Admiral in the U.S. Navy and Director of DISA. International Has extensive experience conducting technology and cyberspace operations as a U.S. Naval officer, including numerous international leadership positions. Government; Leadership Served for 34 years as an officer in the U.S. Navy; provided leadership and oversight of global team at DISA. FREDERICK P. PERPALL INDEPENDENT Age: 50 Director Since: 2021 Committees: Audit and Finance Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: Starwood Property Trust, Inc. Mr. Perpall currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of The Beck Group, one of the world s largest integrated design-build firms, a position he has held since 2013. Mr. Perpall leads the firm s domestic and international design, planning, and construction business. He also serves on the Board of Councilors for The Carter Center and is President of the United States Golf Association Executive Committee. Mr. Perpall has a bachelor s and master s degree from the University of Texas at Arlington and is a member of the American Institute of Architects College of Fellows, an alumnus of Harvard Business School s Advanced Management Program, and a former Americas Fellow at The Baker Institute at Rice University. He previously served as a director of Triumph Bancorp, Inc. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Risk Management Has extensive experience in an industry where oversight and management of risks related to safety and compliance are mission-critical functions. Financial Alumnus of Harvard Business School s Advanced Management Program; public company audit and investment committee member. Leadership Twelve years of service as Chief Executive Officer of The Beck Group. 2025 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board JOSHUA COOPER RAMO INDEPENDENT Age: 56 Director Since: 2011 Committees: Audit and Finance Cyber and Technology Oversight Other Public Company Directorships: None Mr. Ramo is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sornay, LLC, a strategic advisory firm, a position he has held since January 2021. He previously served as Vice Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer, of Kissinger Associates, Inc., a strategic advisory firm, from 2011 through 2020 (he was Vice Chairman since 2011 and Co-Chief Executive Officer since 2015). He served as Managing Director of Kissinger Associates from 2006 to 2011. Prior to joining Kissinger Associates, he was Managing Partner of JL Thornton Co., LLC, a consulting firm. Before that, he worked as a journalist and served as Senior Editor, Foreign Editor, and then Assistant Managing Editor of TIME Magazine from 1995 to 2003. He is a former director of Starbucks Corporation. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS International Has been a term member of the Council on Foreign Relations, Asia 21 Leaders Program, World Economic Forum s Young Global Leaders, and Global Leaders of Tomorrow. He co-founded the U.S.-China Young Leaders Forum in conjunction with the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations. Leadership Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sornay, LLC; former Vice Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer, of Kissinger Associates. SUSAN C. SCHWAB INDEPENDENT Age: 70 Director Since: 2009 Committees: Compensation and Human Resources Cyber and Technology Oversight Other Public Company Directorships: Caterpillar Inc. and Marriott International, Inc. Ambassador Schwab is currently Professor Emerita at the University of Maryland School of Public Policy, a position she has held since June 2020. Prior to being named Professor Emerita, Ambassador Schwab was a Professor from January 2009 to May 2020. She has also served as a strategic advisor to Mayer Brown LLP, a law firm, since March 2010. She served as U.S. Trade Representative from 2006 to January 2009 and as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative from 2005 to 2006. She was Vice Chancellor of the University System of Maryland and President and Chief Executive Officer of the University System of Maryland Foundation from 2004 to 2005. Ambassador Schwab was Dean of the University of Maryland School of Public Policy from 1995 to 2003. She was Director of Corporate Business Development of Motorola, Inc., an electronics manufacturer, from 1993 to 1995. She was Assistant Secretary of Commerce for the U.S. and Foreign Commercial Service from 1989 to 1993. Ambassador Schwab also serves as Board Chair of the National Foreign Trade Council. She is a former director of The Boeing Company. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS International; Government Board Chair of the National Foreign Trade Council, former U.S. Trade Representative and former Director General of the U.S. and Foreign Commercial Service (Assistant Secretary of Commerce), the export promotion arm of the U.S. government. Leadership Former U.S. Trade Representative, former Director General of the U.S. and Foreign Commercial Service (Assistant Secretary of Commerce), former President and Chief Executive Officer of the University System of Maryland Foundation, and former Dean of the University of Maryland School of Public Policy. 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board RICHARD W. SMITH Age: 47 Director Since: Committees: None Other Public Company Directorships: None Mr. Smith serves as Chief Operating Officer International and Chief Executive Officer Airline of Federal Express, the world s largest express transportation company, a position he has held since June 1, 2024. Mr. Smith has held a number of other leadership positions during his 20-year career at FedEx, including President and Chief Executive Officer Airline and International of Federal Express from April 2023 to May 2024; President and Chief Executive Officer of Federal Express from September 2022 to April 2023; President and Chief Executive Officer-Elect of Federal Express from April 2022 to August 2022; Regional President, The Americas and Executive Vice President, Global Support of Federal Express from 2020 to March 2022; Regional President, U.S. and Executive Vice President, Global Support of Federal Express from 2019 to 2020; and President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Logistics from July 2017 to 2019. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Transportation/Logistics/Supply Chain Management; Leadership In addition to serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of both Federal Express and FedEx Logistics, his FedEx career includes a series of leadership positions in life sciences/ healthcare, network planning, and customer solutions. Has helped launch or lead several significant transformation initiatives, including the redesign of the Federal Express international air network through Tricolor. Serves on the board of governors for the International Air Transport Association and the board of directors of Airlines For America. Energy Led efforts to begin the transformation to an all-electric vehicle fleet at FedEx and enhance the sustainability of the airline in support of the company s goal of carbon-neutral global operations by 2040. Government Oversaw FedEx s responsibilities as part of the U.S. government s COVID-19 response task force and the successful distribution of roughly half of all COVID-19 vaccines in the United States. Risk Management Serves as the FedEx accountable executive in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration Safety Management System requirements, holding ultimate responsibility for the safety performance of operations conducted pursuant to the company s air carrier certificate. 2025 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board RAJESH SUBRAMANIAM Age: 59 Director Since: 2020 Committees: None Other Public Company Directorships: The Procter Gamble Company Mr. Subramaniam serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Corporation, a position he has held since June 2022. During his more than 30-year tenure with FedEx, Mr. Subramaniam has served in a multitude of leadership roles, including President and Chief Executive Officer-Elect of FedEx Corporation from March 2022 to May 2022, President and Chief Operating Officer of FedEx Corporation from March 2019 to March 2022, President and Chief Executive Officer of Federal Express, the world s largest express transportation company, from January 2019 to March 2019, and Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer of FedEx Corporation from January 2017 to December 2018. He served as Executive Vice President of Marketing and Communications at FedEx Services from 2013 to January 2017. He is a former director of First Horizon National Corporation. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Transportation/Logistics/Supply Chain Management Over 30 years of experience across the FedEx enterprise in a number of operational leadership roles. Initiated and leads the company s ongoing transformation initiatives, including Network 2.0 and one FedEx. International; Leadership Has held leadership roles at FedEx in the Asia-Pacific region and Canada. Serves as Chair of the U.S.-China Business Council and on the U.S.-India Strategic Partnership Forum, U.S.-India CEO Forum, and board of directors of the Business Roundtable. Marketing; Retail/E-Commerce Oversaw all aspects of FedEx s global marketing and communications, including advertising, brand and reputation, product and business development, e-commerce, revenue and forecasting planning, retail marketing, and digital access. Technological/Digital/Cybersecurity Responsible for several landmark developments at FedEx, including the continuing digital transformation of the company, and has had an instrumental role in technology advancements to profitably grow the e-commerce business. 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board PAUL S. WALSH INDEPENDENT Age: 70 Director Since: 1996 Committees: Compensation and Human Resources (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: McDonald s Corporation and UPL Ltd. Mr. Walsh is Executive Chairman of the Board of McLaren Group Limited, a luxury automotive, motorsport, and technology company, a position he has held since January 2020. He also currently serves as an advisor for L.E.K. Consulting, a global strategy consulting firm, and TPG Capital LLP, a private investment firm. Mr. Walsh formerly served as Operating Partner at Bespoke Capital Partners LLC, an investment company, and Executive Chairman of Bespoke Capital Acquisition Corp., in each case from August 2016 until June 2021, and he served as Chairman of the Board of Compass Group PLC, a food service and support services company, from February 2014 to December 2020. Mr. Walsh served as Chief Executive Officer of Diageo plc, a beverage company, from 2000 to June 2013 and then served as an advisor to the company from July 2013 through 2014. Mr. Walsh also is an advisor of Chime Communications Limited.. Mr. Walsh was Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of The Pillsbury Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Diageo plc, from 1996 to 2000, and Chief Executive Officer of The Pillsbury Company from 1992 to 1996. He was previously a director of Avanti Communications Group PLC, Centrica plc, Compass Group PLC, Diageo plc, HSBC Holdings plc, Ontex Group NV, Pace Holdings Corp., RM2 International S.A., TPG Pace Holdings Corp., Unilever PLC, Bespoke Capital Acquisition Corp., and Vintage Wine Estates, Inc. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS International Former CEO of a U.K. based, large multinational corporation. Financial Has held executive finance positions, including CFO of a major division, at a U.K. based public company. Marketing; Retail/E-Commerce Led a company that owes much of its growth and success to highly effective marketing of its brands. His consumer-centric experience brings a vital and unique perspective to the Board. Government Has held executive positions at companies where government interface is crucial. 2025 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board Summary of Director Nominee Experience, Qualifications, Attributes, and Skills Our director nominees bring to the FedEx Board the experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills depicted in the following matrix. The matrix is intended as a high-level summary and not an exhaustive list. It is intended to highlight notable areas of focus for each nominee, and not having a mark does not mean that a particular nominee does not possess that experience, qualification, attribute, or skill. DAVILA ELLISON GORMAN GRIF FITH LANE MARTIN NORTON PER PALL RAMO SCHWAB SMITH SUBRA MA NIAM WALSH Transportation/Logistics/Supply Chain Management Experience is a positive attribute as it greatly increases a director s understanding of our business operations and its management. International Experience is beneficial given our operations in over 220 countries and territories. Financial Expertise is important given our use of financial targets as measures of success and the importance of accurate financial reporting and robust internal auditing and controls. Marketing Expertise is valuable because we emphasize promoting and protecting the FedEx brand, one of our most important assets. Retail/E-Commerce Expertise is significant because we are strategically focused on the opportunity presented by this massive and fast-growing market. Technological/Digital/Cybersecurity Expertise is beneficial because attracting and retaining customers and competing effectively depend in part upon the sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology. Energy Expertise is important as we are committed to protecting the environment and have initiatives under way to reduce our energy use and minimize our environmental impact. Human Resource Management Expertise is important because our success depends on the talent, dedication, and well-being of our people our greatest asset. Government Experience is useful in our highly regulated industry as we work constructively with governments around the world. Risk Management Expertise is important as we work to identify and manage risks to our business and operations in a complex global environment. Leadership Experience is critical because we want directors with the experience and confidence to capably advise our senior management team on a wide range of issues. Audit Committee Financial Expert The Board of Directors has determined that Marvin R. Ellison and R. Brad Martin are audit committee financial experts as that term is defined in SEC rules. 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board Director Independence The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit and Finance, Compensation and Human Resources, and GSPP Committees is independent. With the exception of Rajesh Subramaniam and Richard W. Smith, each of the Board s current members and director nominees (Silvia Davila, Marvin R. Ellison, Stephen E. Gorman, Susan Patricia Griffith, Amy B. Lane, R. Brad Martin, Nancy A. Norton, Frederick P. Perpall, Joshua Cooper Ramo, Susan C. Schwab, and Paul S. Walsh) is independent and meets the applicable independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (including the additional New York Stock Exchange and SEC requirements for Audit and Finance Committee and Compensation and Human Resources Committee members, as applicable, with respect to current committee members) and the Board s more stringent standards for determining director independence. David P. Steiner served as a director for a portion of fiscal 2025 and resigned from the Board on May 9, 2025 following his appointment as United States Postmaster General. Mr. Steiner was independent during the time he served. Mr. Subramaniam is FedEx s President and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. R.W. Smith is Federal Express s Chief Operating Officer International and Chief Executive Officer Airline. Additionally, Frederick W. Smith, FedEx s founder who served as Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board until June 21, 2025, was not independent. If reelected, immediately following the annual meeting Mr. Martin will become executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board and will no longer be considered independent. See Board Structure Board Leadership Structure for more information. Under the Board s standards of director independence, which are included in FedEx s Corporate Governance Guidelines, available under the Governance heading on the Investor Relations page of our website at investors.fedex.com , a director will be considered independent only if the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no direct or indirect material relationship with FedEx, other than as a director. The standards set forth certain categories or types of transactions, relationships, or arrangements with FedEx, as follows, each of which (i) is deemed not to be a material relationship with FedEx, and thus (ii) will not, by itself, prevent a director from being considered independent: Prior Employment of Director. The director was employed by FedEx or was personally working on FedEx s audit as an employee or partner of FedEx s independent auditor, and over five years have passed since such employment, partner, or auditing relationship ended. Prior Employment of Immediate Family Member. An immediate family member was an officer of FedEx or was personally working on FedEx s audit as an employee or partner of FedEx s independent auditor, and over five years have passed since such employment, partner, or auditing relationship ended. Current Employment of Immediate Family Member. An immediate family member is employed by FedEx in a non-officer position, or by FedEx s independent auditor not as a partner and not personally working on FedEx s audit. Interlocking Directorships. An executive officer of FedEx served on the board of directors of a company that employed the director or employed an immediate family member as an executive officer, and over five years have passed since either such relationship ended. Transactions and Business Relationships. The director or an immediate family member is a partner, greater than 10% shareholder, director, or officer of a company that makes or has made payments to, or receives or has received payments (other than contributions, if the company is a tax-exempt organization) from, FedEx for property or services, and the amount of such payments has not within any of such other company s three most recently completed fiscal years exceeded one percent (or $1 million, whichever is greater) of such other company s consolidated gross revenue for such year. Indebtedness. The director or an immediate family member is a partner, greater than 10% shareholder, director, or officer of a company that is indebted to FedEx or to which FedEx is indebted, and the aggregate amount of such debt is less than one percent (or $1 million, whichever is greater) of the total consolidated assets of the indebted company. Charitable Contributions. The director is a trustee, fiduciary, director, or officer of a tax-exempt organization to which FedEx contributes, and the contributions to such organization by FedEx have not within any of such organization s three most recently completed fiscal years exceeded one percent (or $250,000, whichever is greater) of such organization s consolidated gross revenue for such year. In determining each director s independence, the Board broadly considered all relevant facts and circumstances, including the following immaterial transactions, relationships, and arrangements: Mr. Ellison and Robert B. Carter (who served as FedEx s Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services, and Chief Information Officer until June 30, 2024) serve on the Board of Trustees of the University of Memphis, a non-profit entity to which FedEx makes payments and charitable contributions. The payments and charitable contributions made by FedEx to the University of Memphis in its fiscal 2025 represented 1.1% of the University s consolidated gross revenue for the year. The payments and charitable contributions made by FedEx to the University of Memphis in its fiscal 2024 represented 1.9% of the University s consolidated gross revenue for the year, and payments and charitable contributions made by FedEx to the University of Memphis in its fiscal 2023 represented 2.8% of the University s consolidated gross revenue for the year. The Board determined that Mr. Ellison is an independent director under the Board s independence standards as he does not have 2025 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Nominees for Election to the Board a direct or indirect material relationship with either FedEx or the University of Memphis, other than as a director or trustee, and does not derive any financial or other personal benefit from these transactions. FedEx has an ordinary course business relationship with Lowe s Companies, Inc., an entity for which Mr. Ellison has served as Chairman of the Board since June 2021 and President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director since July 2018. The amount of the payments made by FedEx to Lowe s (and vice versa) within any of its three most recently completed fiscal years has not exceeded one percent (or $1 million, whichever is greater) of its consolidated gross revenue for such year. FedEx has an ordinary course business relationship with The Progressive Corporation, an entity for which Ms. Griffith has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director since July 2016. The amount of the payments made by FedEx to Progressive (and vice versa) within any of its three most recently completed fiscal years has not exceeded one percent (or $1 million, whichever is greater) of its consolidated gross revenue for such year. FedEx has an ordinary course business relationship with McLaren Group Limited, an entity for which Mr. Walsh has served as Executive Chairman of the Board since January 2020. The amount of the payments made by McLaren to FedEx within any of its three most recently completed fiscal years has not exceeded one percent (or $1 million, whichever is greater) of its consolidated gross revenue for such year. Related Person Transactions In accordance with the company s Policy on Review and Preapproval of Related Person Transactions, which is described in more detail below in Board Processes and Policies Policy on Review and Preapproval of Related Person Transactions, the GSPP Committee has reviewed and approved the following new and existing related person transactions and determined that they remain in the best interests of FedEx and our stockholders: Mr. Subramaniam s brother is employed by Federal Express as a manager of information technology. The sister of Richard W. Smith, Chief Operating Officer International and Chief Executive Officer Airline of Federal Express and nominee for election as a director, is employed by FedEx as a staff director of global public policy. In June 2024, Frederick W. Smith, our former Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board, purchased a Challenger 650 aircraft ( Aircraft ) through a wholly owned limited liability company ( Aircraft Owner ) for personal use. Following approval by the GSPP Committee and independent members of the Board in July 2024, FedEx entered into the following agreements, effective August 1, 2024, relating to the Aircraft: (1) a dry lease with the Aircraft Owner ( Dry Lease ), which obligated FedEx to arrange for protection and maintenance of the Aircraft and permitted FedEx to use the Aircraft for FedEx business purposes; and (2) a flight support and flight crew services agreement with Mr. Smith ( Support Agreement and, together with the Dry Lease, the Aircraft Agreements ) covering expenses related to Mr. Smith s personal use of the Aircraft. Under the Dry Lease, the Aircraft Owner paid FedEx for actual expenses incurred by FedEx to protect and maintain the Aircraft and a monthly fee for services performed by FedEx personnel. If FedEx uses the Aircraft for FedEx business, FedEx is required to pay an hourly rental rate to the Aircraft Owner, based on operating costs of the Aircraft and the fair market dry lease rate for similar aircraft. Under the Support Agreement, FedEx provided operational support of the Aircraft, and Mr. Smith paid FedEx for operating expenses, flight crew expense, services provided by FedEx personnel, and trip planning services. The financial terms of the Aircraft Agreements were determined on an arms-length basis based upon an analysis of market rates for flight crews and charter flights for comparable aircraft and FedEx s operating costs. For services provided in fiscal 2025, the Aircraft Owner paid FedEx $1,264,829 pursuant to the Dry Lease and Mr. Smith paid FedEx $1,630,984 pursuant to the Support Agreement. FedEx did not use the Aircraft for FedEx business and did not make any payments to the Aircraft Owner pursuant to the Dry Lease during fiscal 2025. Following Mr. Smith s unexpected passing, in July 2025 FedEx entered into a new dry lease with the Aircraft Owner (the New Dry Lease ) and a new a flight support and flight crew services agreement with Stacey D. Smith, the mother of Richard W. Smith and member of the Aircraft Owner (the New Support Agreement and, together with the New Dry Lease, the New Aircraft Agreements ), to allow Mr. Smith s family to continue to use the Aircraft. The substantive terms of the New Aircraft Agreements are identical to those in the Aircraft Agreements. The GSPP Committee approved the New Aircraft Agreements. Pursuant to FedEx s executive security procedures (which are consistent with recommendations of an independent outside security consultant and reviewed annually by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee), FedEx provided Mr. Smith with security services and equipment, including home security systems and residential security patrols and provided personal security services. FedEx will continue to provide security services and equipment for the primary residence of Stacey D. Smith through December 31, 2025 to allow time for the family to assess and obtain substitute security services provided by a third party. Mr. Smith s estate will fully reimburse FedEx for the cost of such security services. The GSPP Committee approved the continuation of these security services. Additionally, the following related person transactions took place during fiscal 2025: FedEx s policy on personal use of corporate aircraft requires officers to pay FedEx two times the cost of fuel, plus applicable passenger ticket taxes and fees, for personal trips. Pursuant to this requirement, Mr. Smith paid FedEx $734,939 during fiscal 2025 in connection with certain personal use of corporate aircraft. 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters The Board s Role and Responsibilities Richard W. Smith, Mr. Smith s oldest son, was employed by Federal Express as its Chief Operating Officer International and Chief Executive Officer Airline. The compensation of Mr. R.W. Smith for fiscal 2025 (including any incentive compensation amounts and the Black-Scholes value of any stock option award) was $4,594,665. Mr. Smith s daughter was employed by FedEx as a staff director of global public policy; Mr. Smith s brother-in-law was employed by Federal Express as a lead global vehicle technician; and the son-in-law of Mark R. Allen, who served as FedEx s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary until September 23, 2024, was employed by FedEx as a managing director in the legal department. The total annual compensation of each of Mr. Subramaniam s brother, Mr. Smith s daughter/ R.W. Smith s sister, Mr. Smith s brother-in-law, and Mr. Allen s son-in-law for fiscal 2025 (including any incentive compensation and the Black-Scholes value of any stock option award) did not, individually, exceed $388,000. In fiscal 2017, following the Board s approval, FedEx entered into a two-year software services agreement with LiveSafe, Inc., a leading mobile risk intelligence solution for safety and security incident prevention, response, and communication. Mr. Smith was a former member of the board of directors of LiveSafe, and an affiliated entity of Mr. Smith invested $7.25 million in LiveSafe s Series B financings. Mr. Smith s youngest son was an employee and partial owner of LiveSafe. Under the terms of the agreement, FedEx paid LiveSafe $300,000 per year, in addition to an initial set-up fee of approximately $20,000. In July 2018, following the Board s approval, FedEx and LiveSafe agreed to amend and extend the agreement through July 2021. Pursuant to the amendment, the number of licensed FedEx users of the LiveSafe application increased, and FedEx paid total license fees of approximately $4.4 million over the three-year term of the agreement. In October 2020, Vector Solutions, an unrelated third party and provider of software solutions for learning, operational readiness, workforce management, and risk reduction, acquired LiveSafe. Following the sale of LiveSafe to Vector Solutions, Mr. Smith and Mr. Smith s youngest son no longer held any ownership interests in LiveSafe or Vector Solutions, and Mr. Smith s youngest son is no longer employed by LiveSafe or Vector Solutions. In connection with the sale of LiveSafe, Vector Solutions and Mr. Smith s youngest son entered into a referral agreement pursuant to which Mr. Smith s youngest son receives commissions upon the renewal of certain LiveSafe agreements in place prior to the sale, including the FedEx agreement when it was in effect. LiveSafe was previously an integral part of our workplace safety program. Based on the recommendations of our Security and Information Technology leadership, in fiscal 2022 FedEx extended the term of the software services agreement with Vector Solutions (as successor to LiveSafe) for a three-year term beginning July 31, 2021 through July 30, 2024. The GSPP Committee and the independent members of the Board approved the extension of the agreement. FedEx paid an annual license fee of $1,545,000 for each year of the three-year term based on the current number of licensed FedEx users. Pursuant to the referral agreement, Vector Solutions paid Mr. Smith s youngest son a commission of $154,500 per year over the three-year renewal term based on the current number of licensed FedEx users. The agreement was not subsequently renewed upon expiration on July 30, 2024. The Board s Role and Responsibilities FedEx Corporate Governance Our Board of Directors and management team are committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of corporate governance, as well as a culture of and reputation for the highest levels of ethics, integrity, and reliability. We periodically review our governance policies and practices against evolving standards and make changes when the Board believes they would be in the best interests of the company and our stockholders. We value the perspectives of our stockholders and other stakeholders, including our employees and the communities in which we operate, and take steps to address their concerns where warranted. In considering possible modifications of our corporate governance policies and practices, our Board and management focus on those changes that are in the best long-term interests of our company, our stockholders, and our other stakeholders. The following sections summarize our corporate governance policies and practices, including our Board leadership structure and the responsibilities and activities of our Board and its committees. Our corporate governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board committee charters, and our Code of Conduct, are available under the Governance heading on the Investor Relations page of our website at investors.fedex.com . Board Risk Oversight The Board of Directors role in risk oversight at FedEx is consistent with the company s leadership structure, with management having day-to-day responsibility for assessing and managing the company s risk exposure and the Board and its committees providing oversight in connection with those efforts, with particular focus on the adequacy of FedEx s risk management practices and regularly reviewing the most significant risks facing the company. The Board performs its risk oversight role by using several different levels of review. Each regular Board meeting includes a strategic overview by the Chief Executive Officer that describes the most significant issues, including risks, affecting the company, and also includes business updates on each reporting segment. In addition, at least annually, the Board reviews in detail the company s key businesses and operations. The Board also reviews the risks associated with the company s financial forecasts and annual business plan. Additionally, risks are identified and managed in connection with the company s robust enterprise risk management ( ERM ) process. Our ERM process provides the enterprise with a common framework and terminology to ensure consistency in identification, reporting, and management of key risks. The ERM process is embedded in our strategic financial planning process, 2025 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters The Board s Role and Responsibilities which ensures explicit consideration of risks that affect the underlying assumptions of strategic plans and provides a platform to facilitate integration of risk information in business decision-making. The Board has four standing committees. The Board has delegated to each of its committees responsibility for the oversight of specific risks that fall within the committee s areas of responsibility. 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters The Board s Role and Responsibilities Board Oversight of Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Matters FedEx is well recognized as a leader not only in the transportation industry and for technological innovation, but also in global sustainability and corporate responsibility. We understand that a sustainable global business is tied to our commitments, strategies, and goals, and we are committed to connecting the world responsibly and resourcefully. Our sustainability and corporate responsibility strategies and programs emphasize long-term performance that creates lasting, positive value for our business, society, and our stakeholders, including customers, team members, suppliers, communities, and stockholders. Our culture, principles, and emphasis on long-term performance have guided our company since our founding over five decades ago. Key elements of our sustainability and corporate responsibility strategy include our Safety Above All commitment for all our operations; goal of carbon-neutral global operations by 2040; a sustainable supply chain; a commitment to equality, opportunity, and diversity as the bedrock of our culture; and the robust giving and volunteering platform known as FedEx Cares. Our sustainability and corporate responsibility platform is aligned with our company s mission and values and embedded it into our strategies, governance, operations, systems, and culture. We conduct regular materiality assessments to help prioritize sustainable growth topics that are most important to our business and stakeholders. The FedEx Sustainability Leadership Action Committee is responsible for setting, implementing, and reviewing our company-wide sustainability strategy and is chaired by our Chief Sustainability Officer. The Chief Sustainability Officer also oversees the company-wide implementation of our environmental management system and reviews performance on an annual basis. The Chief Sustainability Officer regularly reviews our sustainability programs with the GSPP Committee. Our governance, operations, culture, and sustainability priorities are closely aligned. The Board is responsible for reviewing and overseeing our culture and evaluating management s efforts to align corporate culture with our stated values and long-term strategy. Additionally, the Board has delegated to each of its committees responsibility for the oversight of specific aspects of our corporate culture and other sustainability activities that fall within the committee s areas of responsibility. The Audit and Finance Committee evaluates the execution and effectiveness of our corporate integrity and compliance programs and regularly discusses with management developments regarding sustainability reporting and disclosures within the financial reporting framework. The GSPP Committee oversees our sustainability goals, strategies, programs, and disclosures and the management of sustainability- and climate-related risks. The committee is also responsible for overseeing our safety programs and political activities and expenditures. The Compensation HR Committee oversees our key human resource management strategies and programs. The Cyber and Technology Oversight Committee reviews and discusses with management the company s technologies, policies, processes, and practices for managing and mitigating cyber- and technology-related risks and monitors the company s business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities and contingency plans. FedEx is committed to actively supporting the communities we serve worldwide through the strategic investment of our people, resources, and network. We provide financial contributions, in-kind charitable shipping services, and volunteer efforts by our team members to help a variety of non-profit organizations achieve their goals and make a measurable impact on the world. Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Highlights The success of our efforts is built on our sound sustainability practices, which are aligned with our company s strategic focus. We remain steadfast in transparently sharing our progress in three areas that are central to everything we do our principles, our planet, and our people. FedEx publishes an annual Corporate Responsibility Report which highlights our commitment to sustainability leadership in the transportation and logistics industry and includes important goals and metrics demonstrating our commitment to fulfilling these responsibilities. Our 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report is available at fedex.com/en-us/sustainability/reports.html . FedEx also publishes a Global Economic Impact Report that demonstrates how we actively foster global, regional, and local economic growth, empower businesses of all sizes, and make substantial investments in communities around the world. Our 2024 Global Economic Impact Report is available at economicimpact.fedex.com . The 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report and 2024 Global Economic Impact Report are not incorporated by reference in, and do not form a part of, this proxy statement. 2025 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters The Board s Role and Responsibilities Highlights from the 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report and 2024 Global Economic Impact Report are noted below: Our Principles We understand that integrating corporate responsibility principles into our company s strategic focus is essential to mitigating business risks, enhancing long-term financial performance, and delivering positive value for our business, customers, team members, and stockholders. FedEx was recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World s Most Ethical Companies for the third year in a row in 2025. FedEx was once again the only honoree in the Transportation/Trucking/ Railroad industry category in 2025. In fiscal 2024, we created a global artificial intelligence ( AI ) governance team to manage risks and monitor compliance, and implemented an enterprise-wide AI policy to govern ethical and lawful use of generative AI. Our Planet In fiscal 2024, we reduced our Scope 1 emissions by over 6% year-over-year, driven largely by fuel savings from our air operation s fleet modernization and fuel conservation efforts. In fiscal 2024, we achieved a 31% reduction in aircraft emissions intensity over a 2005 baseline, largely due to fleet modernization initiatives. In fiscal 2024, we continued our trend of emissions intensity improvements amid business growth, achieving a 58% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon dioxide equivalent emissions intensity on a revenue basis between fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2024, we expanded our use of lower-emissions vehicles and energy by operating over 8,000 on- and off-road electric vehicles and generating over 31 gigawatt-hours of on- and off-site solar energy at 34 locations around the world. Our People In fiscal 2024, we improved our pickup and delivery preventable vehicle accident rate, highway preventable accident rate, and lost time injury rate, which improved by more than 7% year-over-year. In fiscal 2024, we provided over $43 million in tuition assistance, supporting over 12,700 team members. In fiscal 2024, we enrolled approximately 4,500 team members in the Learning Inspired by FedEx (LiFE) program, offering free, online degree opportunities across 30 associate s and bachelor s degree programs. Our Global Impact We made $55 million in charitable contributions in fiscal 2024. According to an analysis prepared by Dun Bradstreet, FedEx indirect contributions to total worldwide net economic output reached an estimated $39 billion in fiscal 2024, a 10% increase over our indirect contributions in fiscal 2023. We acquired $13.2 billion in goods and services from small business suppliers in the U.S. in fiscal 2024. Stockholder Engagement We believe that thoughtful stockholder engagement is important, and we have a long history of such engagement. We have an active stockholder engagement program in which we meet regularly with our largest stockholders to discuss our business strategy, operations, sustainability programs, and corporate governance, as well as other topics of interest to them. Our stockholder engagement efforts allow us to better understand our stockholders priorities, perspectives, and concerns, and enable the company to effectively address issues that matter most to our stockholders. We also give our stockholders the means by which they can communicate with our Board. As discussed in more detail in Board Processes and Policies Communications with Directors, our stockholders have the ability to communicate directly with any director, any Board committee, or the full Board. 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters The Board s Role and Responsibilities Stockholder Engagement Engagement Highlights Since our last annual meeting, we have engaged with a global and diverse group of approximately 140 stockholders, including actively managed funds, index funds, union and public pension funds, and socially responsible investment funds. This group represented approximately 40% of our institutional ownership and 31% of our outstanding shares. Participants included our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Sustainability Officer, Executive Vice President Chief People Officer, and legal and investor relations teams. Focus Areas Business Strategy and Performance Executive Compensation Corporate Culture Human Resource Management Board Governance, Composition, and Refreshment Climate Change and Other Sustainability Matters Public Policy and Advocacy Executive Officer Succession Planning The Board of Directors has in place an effective planning process to select successors to the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. The GSPP Committee, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, annually reports to the Board on executive officer succession planning. The entire Board works with the GSPP Committee and the Chief Executive Officer to evaluate potential successors to the CEO and other executive officers. Through this process, the Board receives presentations that include qualitative evaluations of potential successors to the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. Each Board member has complete and open access to any member of management. We believe this enhances the Board s oversight of succession planning. The Chief Executive Officer will at all times make available, and periodically provides to the Board, his recommendations and evaluations of potential successors, along with a review of any development plans recommended for such individuals. Additionally, the GSPP Committee periodically reviews and revises as necessary the company s emergency executive management succession plan, which details the actions to be taken by specific individuals in the event an executive officer suddenly dies, departs unexpectedly, or becomes incapacitated. 2025 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Structure Board Structure Board Leadership Structure FedEx s strong and independent Board of Directors effectively oversees our management and provides vigorous oversight of FedEx s business and affairs in support of our mission of producing superior financial returns for our stockholders by providing high value-added logistics, transportation, and related business services. FedEx s Bylaws provide that the Board shall elect a Chairman of the Board of Directors from among its members and that the Chairman of the Board may, but need not be, the Chief Executive Officer. From June 2022 until June 21, 2025, Frederick W. Smith, FedEx s founder and former Chief Executive Officer, served as both Executive Chairman of FedEx and Chairman of the Board of Directors. During that time, R. Brad Martin served as independent Vice Chairman of the Board, and the chair of the GSPP Committee served as Lead Independent Director. Mr. Smith passed away on June 21, 2025. On June 23, 2025, the Board elected Mr. Martin as independent Chairman of the Board. In August 2025, upon the recommendation of the Compensation HR and GSPP Committees, the Board appointed Mr. Martin to serve as executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board, effective immediately following the annual meeting if he is reelected. The decision to appoint Mr. Martin as executive Chairman reflects the significant role Mr. Martin has played as Chairman of the Board since Mr. Smith s unexpected passing, providing strategic leadership and direction to the Board as well as support to the Chief Executive Officer and other members of FedEx s executive team. Mr. Martin is an experienced public company leader who will bring to his role as executive Chairman of the Board a deep level of understanding of our business that will allow him to guide the Board s review of the company s long-term strategy, establish processes to ensure effective corporate governance and robust management oversight, and engage on key public policy matters affecting the company, all while allowing the Chief Executive Officer to continue to focus on day-to-day operations and executing the company s strategic vision, including Network 2.0 and our continuing transformation efforts. As executive Chairman, Mr. Martin will not be independent, and he will not serve on any committees of the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines specify that if the Chairman of the Board is a non-independent director, the chairperson of the Governance, Safety, and Public Policy Committee will be the Lead Independent Director and will have the following responsibilities and authority: preside at executive sessions of the non-management and independent Board members and, if a Vice Chairman of the Board is not serving, preside at all other meetings of the Board of Directors at which the Chairman of the Board is not present; serve as a liaison between the Chairman of the Board and independent Board members, it being understood that all Board members have complete and open access to any member of management; review and approve Board meeting agendas and Board meeting schedules; consult with the Chairman of the Board with regard to other information sent to the Board of Directors in connection with Board meetings or other Board action; call meetings of the independent Board members as necessary or appropriate; and communicate with stockholders of the company, as appropriate, if requested by such stockholders. If Mr. Martin and Susan Patricia Griffith are each reelected at the annual meeting, Ms. Griffith, as Chair of the GSPP Committee, will become Lead Independent Director immediately following the annual meeting. In appointing Ms. Griffith as Lead Independent Director the Board considered her nearly ten years of ongoing service as President and Chief Executive Officer of a Fortune 100 company, demonstrated independent voice in the boardroom, and excellent working relationships with the other members of the Board. In addition, under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board may elect an independent director to serve as Vice Chairman. If elected, the Vice Chairman of the Board is the Board s designated successor to serve as Chairman of the Board. No Vice Chairman is currently serving or elected to serve following the annual meeting. FedEx s Bylaws provide that a Vice Chairman of the Board shall exercise the powers and perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board when the Chairman of the Board is not present. In addition, if elected the Vice Chairman of the Board has the following responsibilities and authority: work closely with the Chairman of the Board to assist the Chairman of the Board in carrying out his duties; provide such other assistance as the Chairman of the Board may request; communicate with stockholders of the company, as appropriate, if requested by such stockholders; and such additional responsibilities as may be prescribed by the Board from time to time. 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Structure The Board believes that FedEx s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines help ensure that strong and independent directors will continue to play the central oversight role necessary to maintain FedEx s commitment to the highest quality corporate governance. Under our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board maintains the following practices, in addition to those described above: Directors stand for election annually by majority vote. Under our Bylaws, all members of our Board of Directors are elected annually. In addition, our Bylaws require that we use a majority-voting standard in uncontested director elections in which a director nominee must receive more votes cast for than against in order to be elected. Our independent directors hold regular executive sessions. Our independent Board members meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management present. The Chairman of the Board, if independent, or the Lead Independent Director conducts and presides at these meetings. In addition, the Lead Independent Director, if serving, may call such meetings of the independent Board members as he or she deems necessary or appropriate, may be designated to preside at any Board or stockholder meeting if no Vice Chairman is serving, and presides at all Board meetings at which the Chairman of the Board or Vice Chairman (if serving) is not present. Board members may submit agenda items and request information. Each Board member may place items on the agenda for Board meetings, raise subjects that are not on the agenda for that meeting, or request information that has not otherwise been provided to the Board. Additionally, the Lead Independent Director (if serving) reviews and approves all Board meeting schedules and agendas and consults with the Chairman of the Board regarding other information sent to the Board in connection with Board meetings or other Board action. Our Board members interact with management. Consistent with our philosophy of empowering each member of our Board of Directors, each Board member has complete and open access to any member of management and to the chairperson of each Board committee for the purpose of discussing any matter related to the work of such committee. The Chairman of the Board (if independent) or Lead Independent Director (if serving) also serve as a liaison, but not a buffer, between the Chief Executive Officer and independent Board members. Our directors are encouraged to interact with stockholders. If any of our major stockholders asks to speak with any Board member on a matter related to FedEx, we encourage that director to make himself or herself available and will facilitate such interaction. Additionally, the Lead Independent Director and Vice Chairman of the Board (in each case, if serving) are available to communicate with stockholders, as appropriate, if requested by such stockholders. Our directors can request special Board meetings. Special meetings of the Board can be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Vice Chairman (if serving) or at the request of two or more directors. The Board or any Board committee can retain independent advisors. The Board and each Board committee have the authority to retain independent legal, financial, and other advisors as they deem appropriate. Our Bylaws provide stockholders a meaningful proxy access right. Our Bylaws provide stockholders a meaningful proxy access right with the following terms: a 3% ownership threshold and 3-year holding period requirement; a cap on the number of director nominees at two directors or 20% of the Board, whichever is greater; and a stockholder group aggregation limit of 20. Our Bylaws provide stockholders a right to call a special meeting. Our Bylaws provide holders of 20% or more of our common stock the right to call a special meeting, subject to the terms of our Bylaws. 2025 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Structure Board Committees The Board of Directors has four standing committees: the Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation HR Committee, Cyber and Technology Oversight Committee, and GSPP Committee. Each committee s written charter, as adopted by the Board of Directors, is available on the Investor Relations page of our website at investors.fedex.com under the Governance heading below Board of Directors. Committee memberships as of the date of this proxy statement are as follows: AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE COMMITTEE MEMBERS: R. BRAD MARTIN* (CHAIR) Marvin R. Ellison* Amy B. Lane Frederick P. Perpall Joshua Cooper Ramo FY25 MEETINGS HELD 11 COMMITTEE REPORT page 93 * Audit Committee Financial Expert COMMITTEE FUNCTIONS: Oversees the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence, and performance; Assists the Board of Directors in its oversight of (i) the integrity of FedEx s financial statements, (ii) the effectiveness of FedEx s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, (iii) the performance of the internal auditors, (iv) the company s internal controls and procedures related to its sustainability disclosures, and (v) the company s financial affairs, including capital structure, allocation, and returns; Preapproves all audit and allowable non-audit services to be provided by FedEx s independent registered public accounting firm; Reviews and discusses with management and the Board of Directors (i) the guidelines and policies that govern the processes by which the company assesses and manages its exposure to risk and (ii) the company s major financial and other risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; Oversees FedEx s integrity and compliance programs, including compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and reviews and discusses with management legislative, regulatory, and other developments regarding sustainability reporting and disclosures within the financial reporting framework; and Reviews and discusses with management and the Board of Directors (i) the company s annual business plan and strategic financial outlook; (ii) capital expenditure and lease requests (subject to Board-established approval thresholds) and the company s ROIC and other financial performance metrics; and (iii) the company s capital structure and allocation, cash dividend policy, stock repurchase authorizations, debt and equity financings, and material credit agreements. COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE COMMITTEE MEMBERS: PAUL S. WALSH (CHAIR) Silvia Davila Susan Patricia Griffith Amy B. Lane Susan C. Schwab FY25 MEETINGS HELD 5 COMMITTEE REPORT page 43 COMMITTEE FUNCTIONS: Evaluates, together with the independent members of the Board, the performance of each of FedEx s executive Chairman (if serving) and Chief Executive Officer and recommends their compensation for approval by the independent directors; Reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and produces a report recommending whether the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in the proxy statement; Oversees the administration of FedEx s equity compensation plans and reviews the strategies relating to, and costs and structure of, key employee benefit and fringe-benefit plans and programs; Helps discharge the Board s responsibilities relating to the compensation of executive officers; and Reviews and discusses with management the company s key human resource management strategies and programs. 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Structure CYBER AND TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE COMMITTEE MEMBERS: NANCY A. NORTON (CHAIR) Silvia Davila Stephen E. Gorman Joshua Cooper Ramo Susan C. Schwab FY25 MEETINGS HELD 7 COMMITTEE FUNCTIONS: Reviews major cyber and technology-related projects and technology architecture decisions; Assesses whether FedEx s cyber and technology programs, including those related to emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, effectively support the company s business objectives and strategies; Assists the Board of Directors in oversight of cyber and technology-related risks and management s efforts to monitor and mitigate those risks; and Advises FedEx s senior Data and Technology management team and the Board of Directors on cyber and technology-related matters. GOVERNANCE, SAFETY, AND PUBLIC POLICY COMMITTEE COMMITTEE MEMBERS: Susan Patricia Griffith (CHAIR) Marvin R. Ellison Stephen E. Gorman Frederick P. Perpall FY25 MEETINGS HELD 6 COMMITTEE FUNCTIONS: Identifies individuals qualified to become Board members; Recommends to the Board of Directors director nominees to be proposed for election at the annual meeting of stockholders; Recommends to the Board of Directors nominees (including chairpersons) for appointment to Board committees; Assists the Board of Directors in determining director independence, overseeing Board and committee evaluations, and developing and implementing effective corporate governance programs; Reviews and discusses with management the company s safety strategies, policies, programs, and practices and safety-related risk management strategies, programs, and initiatives; Reviews and discusses with management (i) public policy, political, and legislative trends and matters that affect or may affect the company s business, performance, strategies, or reputation; (ii) the company s political activities and participation in the political process; (iii) the company s contributions to trade associations and other tax-exempt organizations that engage in political activities; (iv) the steps management has taken to identify, assess, and manage risks relating to the company s political activities and expenditures; (v) the company s reporting of its political activities and expenditures; and (vi) the company s Policy on Political Contributions; Reviews and discusses with management the company s sustainability goals, strategies, programs, and disclosures and the management of sustainability- and climate-related risks, and reviews and discusses with management the company s annual Corporate Responsibility Report; Reviews and discusses the company s Securities Manual with the Executive Vice President and General Counsel and recommends any proposed changes to the Board of Directors for approval; and In consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates potential successors to the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and reports annually to the Board of Directors on succession planning, and periodically reviews and approves any changes to the company s emergency executive management succession plan. In addition, as discussed above under The Board s Role and Responsibilities Board Risk Oversight, each Board committee has responsibility for the oversight of specific risks that fall within the committee s areas of responsibility. Also, the Audit and Finance Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management the guidelines and policies that govern the processes by which the company assesses and manages its exposure to all risk, including our ERM process. 2025 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Matters Board Processes and Policies The Board of Directors has approved reconstituting the committees so that, immediately following the annual meeting, if all of the director nominees are elected, committee memberships will be as follows: AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE CYBER AND TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE, SAFETY, AND PUBLIC POLICY COMMITTEE Marvin R. Ellison (Chair) Amy B. Lane Frederick P. Perpall Joshua Cooper Ramo Paul S. Walsh (Chair) Silvia Davila Stephen E. Gorman Susan Patricia Griffith Susan C. Schwab Nancy A. Norton (Chair) Amy B. Lane Joshua Cooper Ramo Susan C. Schwab Susan Patricia Griffith (Chair) Silvia Davila Stephen E. Gorman Frederick P. Perpall Board Meetings and Meeting Attendance During fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors held six regular meetings and three special meetings. The average attendance of all directors at Board and committee meetings was 96%. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate meetings of the Board and any committees on which he or she served that were held during the periods that he or she served as a director. Our policy on director attendance at meetings can be found in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available under the Governance heading on the Investor Relations page of our website at investors.fedex.com . Attendance at Annual Meeting of Stockholders FedEx expects all Board members to attend annual meetings of stockholders. Each then-current member of the Board of Directors attended the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. Board Processes and Policies Director Mandatory Retirement FedEx s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a non-management director must retire immediately before the annual meeting of FedEx s stockholders during the calendar year in which he or she attains age 75. Under this policy, a non-management director may not be nominated to a new term if he or she would be age 75 or older at the end of the calendar year in which the election is held. In order to provide the GSPP Committee and the Board of Directors greater flexibility in director succession planning, the policy provides that the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the GSPP Committee, may grant an exception to the mandatory retirement provision for a specific director, with each such exception required to be renewed annually. Outside Board Service and Commitments Service as a member of the FedEx Board of Directors is a significant commitment in terms of both time and responsibility. Accordingly, each Board member is encouraged to limit the number of other boards on which he or she serves and be mindful of his or her other existing and planned future commitments, so that such other directorships and commitments do not materially interfere with his or her service as an effective and active member of FedEx s Board of Directors. Specifically, the FedEx Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that Board members should not sit on more than three public company boards in addition to the FedEx Board of Directors, and Board members who are executive officers of public companies should not sit on more than one other public company board. Board members must advise the Chairman of the Board and/ or the chairman of the GSPP Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another board. In addition, given the significant time demands and responsibilities of serving on a public company audit committee, no member of the Audit and Finance Committee may serve on more than two other public company audit committees. The GSPP Committee reviews our policy on outside board service and commitments included in the FedEx 