=== FDX_2025-07-21.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition” of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended May 31, 2020, May 31, 2021, May 31, 2022, and May 31, 2023 for information regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Failure to complete the adjustment of our air network to remove costs related to services previously provided to the United States Postal Service (“USPS”) could adversely affect our profitability. The contract for Federal Express to provide the USPS transportation services within the United States expired by its terms on September 29, 2024, and Federal Express continued to provide air transportation services domestically and to Puerto Rico through the contract’s expiration. If we are unable to complete the adjustment of our air network to remove costs related to the services previously provided to the USPS, our profitability could be negatively affected. Strategic Risks Failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer. We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as those related to our DRIVE transformation, including Network 2.0 and Tricolor. See “The failure to successfully execute our DRIVE transformation, including Network 2.0 and Tricolor, in the expected time frame and at the expected cost may adversely affect our future results.” above and “ Item 1. Business ” and “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for additional information. In addition, we are investing in data insight solutions intended to drive supply chain efficiency for our customers. Such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make significant capital expenditures or incur significant expenses. We have also incurred, and may continue to incur, increased operating expenses in connection with certain changes to our business strategy. We may not be able to derive the expected operational efficiencies and network flexibility, alignment of our cost base with demand, cost savings and reductions to our permanent cost structure, digital revenue growth, and other benefits from our strategic investments and other decisions. For example, in June 2024, Federal Express announced a workforce reduction plan in Europe as part of its ongoing measures to reduce structural costs. See “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information. The execution of the plan is subject to a consultation process that is expected to occur over an 18-month period in accordance with local country processes and regulations. The actual amount and timing of business optimization costs and related cost savings resulting from the workforce reduction plan are dependent on local country consultation processes and regulations and negotiated social plans and may differ from our current expectations and estimates. If we are not able to successfully implement this plan, our future financial results may suffer. -26- Further, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and the mix of services to be purchased by our customers, the future rate of e-commerce growth and inventory restocking, passenger airline cargo capacity, competition, and the global economy, and actual market, economic, and other conditions may be different from our assumptions. As technology (including artificial intelligence and machine learning), customer behavior, and market conditions continue to evolve, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and service offerings to our customers. If we are not able to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in technology, customer preferences, and market dynamics, our future financial results will suffer. For additional discussion, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Strategy.” The planned spin-off of FedEx Freight may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and there is no guarantee that the spin-off, if completed, will achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits. In December 2024, we announced our intention to separate FedEx Freight from our portfolio structure through the creation of a separate, publicly traded company (“NewCo”). The planned separation, which would be implemented through the spin-off of shares of NewCo to FedEx stockholders, is expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes for FedEx stockholders and be completed by June 2026. Completion of the planned spin-off is subject to the final approval of our Board of Directors and will be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, the receipt and continuing validity of a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and/or favorable opinions of our U.S. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction, the receipt of other regulatory and contractual approvals, and the availability of financing for NewCo on satisfactory terms. The proposed spin-off is complex in nature, and unanticipated changes or developments could delay or prevent the completion of the spin-off or cause the spin-off to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. Whether or not we complete the spin-off, we may face significant challenges in connection with the transaction, including, without limitation: • the diversion of the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategy and long-term planning and of our management and employees from day-to-day operations; • our ability to maintain NewCo’s continued support of our DRIVE transformation, Network 2.0, Tricolor, and other strategic initiatives; • our ability to maintain operational, commercial, data and information technology, brand and intellectual property, human resources, finance, legal, sales, and marketing continuity where necessary between FedEx and NewCo and establish stand-alone functions and infrastructure at NewCo where necessary; • the risk that if the IRS determines that certain steps of the planned spin-off do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, FedEx and its stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities; • costs and expenses related to the planned spin-off (which are expected to be significant), including costs related to commercial and operational dis-synergies; restructuring and other transaction expenses; expenses related to establishing stand-alone operational, commercial, personnel, and digital and technology infrastructure at NewCo; and accounting, tax, legal, and other professional services expenses, any of which may be higher than initially expected; • retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, employees, and other counterparties; • addressing employee issues so as to promote retention and motivation and maintain efficient and effective labor and employee relations; • obtaining any required regulatory licenses, operating authority, or contractual consents; • determining the appropriate allocations of assets and liabilities between FedEx and NewCo, as well as the terms governing the relationship between FedEx and NewCo following the spin-off; and • potential negative reactions from investors and other external stakeholders. There can be no assurance that the spin-off, if completed, will achieve the intended financial and strategic benefits (which are based on a number of assumptions, some or all of which may prove to be incorrect) or provide greater value to our stockholders than that reflected in the current price of our common stock, or that the dis-synergies of the transaction (including costs of related restructuring transactions) will not exceed the anticipated amounts. The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the uncertainties described above. Changes in the stockholder base of FedEx and/or NewCo following the planned spin-off could also cause the price of either company’s common stock to fluctuate. If the planned spin-off occurs, FedEx and NewCo will each be smaller, less diversified companies with more concentrated areas of focus. As a result, FedEx and NewCo may become more vulnerable to changing macroeconomic and market conditions; the results of -27- operations, cash flows, effective tax rate, and other financial and operating metrics of each company may be subject to increased volatility; and the ability of each company to fund capital expenditures and investments, pay dividends, and service debt may be diminished. To the extent challenges related to the planned spin-off of NewCo adversely affect our business, they may also have the effect of heightening other risks disclosed in our Annual Report, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and the price of our common stock. Such risks include, but are not limited to, our ability to execute our DRIVE transformation, Network 2.0, and broader business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences; disruptions to our technology infrastructure, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, ransomware attack, or malware attack; our ability to attract and retain employee talent and maintain our company culture; our ability to achieve or demonstrate progress on our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040; and our ability to maintain our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. We depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. FedEx is one of the most widely recognized, trusted, and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. The FedEx brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability, and speed. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers, team members, and the general public for high standards of corporate responsibility, governance, and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful tools for sales, marketing, and recruitment, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity or sensationalism across media channels (whether or not justified) relating to activities including, but not limited to, the following by our team members or others with whom we do business (over whom we may have little or no control) could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand and goodwill: customer service mishaps, accidents, catastrophes, or incidents involving aircraft, vehicles, or facilities operated by us or our service providers; low safety or service levels; data breaches, cyberattacks, or technology infrastructure disruptions; utilization of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence; allegations of noncompliance with laws or claims that result in litigation; the shipment of certain items pursuant to our obligation as a common carrier operating under federal law; labor relations and workforce reductions or disruptions; our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, or marketing programs; our sustainability goals and related progress; our political activities and expenditures; or our executive compensation practices. With the increase in the use of artificial intelligence and social media outlets such as Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, X (formerly Twitter), TikTok, and other platforms, adverse publicity, whether warranted or not, can be disseminated quickly and broadly without context, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Certain forms of technology such as artificial intelligence also allow users to alter or create images, videos, and other information relating to FedEx and present the information in a false or misleading manner that seems real. Further, our actual or perceived position, lack of position, or perceived lack of transparency on environmental, social, political, public policy, labor relations, or other sensitive issues could harm our reputation with certain groups, including our customers, stockholders, team members, advocacy groups, government representatives, and regulatory bodies. Expectations regarding these matters continue to evolve and are not uniform. Although we try to adapt and maintain a balance that satisfies all of these stakeholders, we may not always be able or choose to move as quickly or in the direction that various competing interests desire or demand, which could adversely impact our reputation. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and/or create difficulties in retaining and recruiting employee talent and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand and goodwill. We face intense competition. The transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources and competitive advantages than we do, appear willing to operate at little or no margin to gain market share, or they are owned, controlled, or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. We face intense competition from global air freight forwarders for air freight business. We also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startup companies that combine technology with flexible labor solutions such as crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. In addition, some high-volume package shippers are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. For example, Amazon has established a network of hubs, aircraft, and vehicles, recently began offering an LTL freight service for inbound shipments to its distribution facilities, and has expressed an intention to offer its internal delivery capabilities broadly to third parties. See “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report for additional information. We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, the existence of an irrational pricing environment could limit our ability to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), which could adversely affect our results of operations. While we believe we compete effectively through our current and planned service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services or better service levels, more effectively bundle their services, or offer services at lower prices, it could adversely affect our results of operations. Continued transportation industry consolidation may further increase competition. Moreover, if high-volume package shippers further develop or expand internal capabilities for the services we provide, it may reduce our revenue and -28- could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. These effects could be exacerbated if high-volume package shippers offer such capabilities to third parties. News regarding such developments or expansions could also negatively affect the price of our common stock. Our industry may be affected by changes in technology and our competitors may implement emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence applications, more quickly and more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Advancements in technology, such as advanced safety systems; automated package sorting, handling, and delivery; autonomous delivery; third-party supply chain insight and management; artificial intelligence; vehicle platooning; alternative fuel vehicles; and digitization of freight services, may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher rates to cover the cost of these investments. See “We may be unable to achieve or demonstrate progress on our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040.” below for additional information. Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels. We make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities, vehicles, technology, sort equipment, acquired companies, and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. We must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed based on projections of volume levels and fleet requirements, which have become more difficult to make in light of recent macroeconomic, international trade and geopolitical uncertainty and volatility. Missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. Overcapacity could lead to below-market asset dispositions or write-downs, as well as negatively affect operating margins, and undercapacity could negatively affect service levels. See “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition — Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Asset Impairment Charges” of this Annual Report for information regarding the noncash impairment charges recorded in 2025 and 2024 in connection with our decision to permanently retire certain aircraft and related engines from service. Our inability to execute and effectively operate, integrate, leverage, and grow acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances and investments could materially adversely affect us. Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity, and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and investments, form joint ventures or strategic alliances, and realize the expected benefits from these transactions. We regularly acquire businesses, enter into strategic alliances, and make investments across the more than 220 countries and territories in which we provide services. Acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve special commercial, customer, accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology, human resources, cultural, and other risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies. Additionally, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures and/or incur certain operating expenses following the completion of certain transactions, which may be higher than initially expected. For example, existing and future customer data and processes in the systems of FedEx and ShopRunner may require significant added expense to integrate. While we expect our past and future acquisitions and strategic transactions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our business and long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. We have previously incurred goodwill impairment charges related to certain of our acquisitions, some of which have been material, and may incur additional goodwill impairment charges in the future. Human Resource Management Risks Labor-related disruptions and potential changes in labor laws may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business is labor intensive in nature, utilizing large numbers of numerous classes of employees and service providers. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, our employees in the U.S. and Canada, except our pilots, are not unionized (we acquired FedEx Supply Chain in 2015, which already had a small number of unionized employees). Additionally, certain of our employees outside of the U.S. and Canada are unionized. For information regarding our continued bargaining efforts to reach an agreement with the union representing our pilots, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Federal Express Segment — Employees.” If we are unable to reach an agreement with any of our unionized work groups in future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements, or if additional groups within our workforce become unionized, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Labor unions have recently attempted to organize employees at businesses and in industries that have not traditionally been unionized, and in certain instances have been successful. Such attempts could continue in 2026. Additionally, the U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility that legislative or administrative actions, or judicial decisions, could attempt to remove Federal Express employees from the jurisdiction of the RLA. Additionally, this jurisdiction could be challenged in connection with our recently completed one FedEx consolidation and ongoing Network 2.0 transformation. For additional discussion of the RLA, see “ Item 1. Business ” of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation or challenge could expose our customers to the type -29- of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. There is also the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our operations with employees governed by the NLRA. In addition, the NMB and the NLRB have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees, as well as vendor, service provider, and supplier workforces, to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to federal or state laws, regulations, rules, judicial or administrative precedent, or guidance governing employee classification could affect the status of service providers as independent employers of their drivers. If we are deemed to be an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these service providers, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially, and we could incur significant capital outlays and experience adverse effects to service levels. Our failure to attract and retain employee talent, meet our purchased transportation needs, or maintain our company culture, as well as increases in labor and purchased transportation costs, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our high-quality employees, many of whom are longstanding FedEx team members. Difficulties in motivating, rewarding, recruiting, and retaining employee talent, including members of senior management and successors to members of senior management; failure to protect members of senior management from security threats (which certain executive officers have experienced in the past); the unexpected loss of such individuals resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base; and/or our inability to successfully transition key roles could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, reputation, and the price of our common stock. We also regularly seek to hire a large number of part-time and seasonal workers, and utilize service providers to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. Certain positions at FedEx have historically experienced high turnover rates, which can lead to increased recruiting, training, and retention costs. Additionally, our company culture is important to providing high-quality customer service and having a productive workforce and could be adversely affected by our evolving operations and other factors. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed. Our business is labor intensive, and our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of qualified service providers and persons in the markets where we and our service providers operate and unemployment levels within these markets, prevailing and competitive wage rates and other benefits, health and other insurance costs, inflation, fuel and energy prices and availability, behavioral changes, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations (including increased minimum wage requirements) or government programs, safety, and security levels of our operations, our reputation within the labor and transportation markets, changes in the business or financial soundness of service providers, interest in contracting with FedEx, and the effect of a widespread public health crisis. Additionally, certain service providers (acting collectively or in coordination in some instances) may seek to increase financial rates or modify contract terms and may refuse to provide service to FedEx. Our inability to effectively meet our labor and purchased transportation needs can increase our costs, hinder our ability to execute our business strategy, negatively affect service levels, and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Certain of these risks may be heightened by our DRIVE transformation, including Network 2.0, and the planned spin-off of FedEx Freight. We contract with service providers to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these service providers as direct and exclusive employers of drivers providing these services is being challenged. We are defending joint-employer cases where it is alleged that we should be treated as an employer or joint employer of the drivers employed by service providers with whom we contract to conduct certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of service providers as direct and exclusive employers of their drivers. We continue to believe that we are not an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent businesses. However, adverse determinations in these matters or regulatory developments could, among other things, entitle service providers’ drivers to certain wage payments and penalties from the service providers and FedEx, and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx. The status of the drivers employed by these service providers could be further challenged in connection with Network 2.0. Potential changes to pilot flight and duty time regulations could impair our operations and impose substantial costs on us . In 2010, the FAA proposed regulations that would change the flight and duty time rules applicable to all-cargo air carriers. When the FAA issued final regulations in 2011 (the “2011 regulations”), all-cargo carriers, including FedEx, were exempt from these new requirements. Instead, all-cargo carriers were required to continue complying with previously enacted flight and duty time rules and allowed to pursue the development of fatigue risk management systems to develop fatigue mitigations unique to each operation. In 2012, the FAA reaffirmed the exclusion of all-cargo carriers from the 2011 regulations, and litigation in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia affirmed the FAA’s decision. However, this issue remains a policy priority for certain labor groups, and the U.S. Congress periodically considers legislation that, if adopted, would require all-cargo carriers to comply with the 2011 regulations. Required compliance with the 2011 regulations would make it more difficult to avoid pilot fatigue and could impose substantial costs on us in order to maintain operational reliability. -30- Increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements, and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. These programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans, and postretirement healthcare plans. The costs of providing pension and other retirement benefit plans are dependent on numerous assumptions, such as discount rates, expected long-term investment returns on plan assets, future salary increases, employee turnove

=== FDX_2026-03-19.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Other than the risk factors set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report in response to Part I, Item 1A of Form 10-K. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially affect our business, results of reporting, financial condition, and the price of our common stock. We may not be able to achieve our calendar 2029 financial performance targets. On February 12, 2026, we announced a comprehensive multi-year financial framework with financial performance targets for 2029. Our ability to achieve these goals is dependent on a number of factors, including the other risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2025.We may fail to achieve our long-term financial performance targets if we are unsuccessful in implementing our strategies, our estimates or assumptions change, or for any other reason. If we are not able to achieve these targets, there could be an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, and the price of our common stock may be negatively affected. We may not achieve the expected strategic or financial benefits relating to our investment InPost. We, as a member of a consortium, have entered into a conditional agreement on an intended recommended all-cash public offer for all issued and outstanding shares of InPost S.A. (“InPost”), which offer is subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions. Following the completion of the offer, the consortium will be structured with FedEx holding 37%, and thereafter InPost and FedEx intend to enter into arm’s length commercial agreements. Because InPost would continue to operate as a standalone company and we would not control this entity and must rely on the actions of other investors and the management of the entity, we may not be able to influence key strategic or operational decisions. In addition, delays in obtaining required regulatory approvals or completing the related commercial arrangements (or failure to obtain such approvals or complete such arrangements) could adversely affect the timing or value of the investment. -47- Table of Contents Even if the regulatory approvals are obtained and other conditions met and our commercial arrangements with InPost are finalized, there can be no assurance that our investment and the commercial agreements will achieve the strategic or financial benefits we currently expect. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS In M arch 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for repurchases of up to $5.0 billion of FedEx common stock. We did not repurchase any shares during the third quarter of 2026. As of March 19, 2026 , approxima tely $1.3 billion rem ained available to be used for repurchases under the 2024 stock repurchase program . Shares under the program may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. No time limits were set for completion of the program; however, we may decide to suspend or discontinue the program. See Note 1 of the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information and “Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition – Financial Condition – Liquidity Outlook” for additional information. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the quarter ended February 28, 2026 , no director or officer of FedEx adopted , modified, or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as such terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. -48- Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FedEx (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to FedEx’s FY25 Second Quarter Report on Form 10-Q, and incorporated herein by reference ) . 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of FedEx (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed March 11, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference) . 4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2026, among FedEx Freight Holding Company, Inc., FedEx Freight, Inc., and Regions Bank, as trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed February 5, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2026, among FedEx Freight Holding Company, Inc., FedEx Corporation, and Regions Bank, as trustee (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed February 5, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 Form of 4.300% Senior Note due 2029 (Included in Exhibit 4.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed February 5, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.4 Form of 4.650% Senior Note due 2031 (Included in Exhibit 4.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed February 5, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 Form of 4.950% Senior Note due 2033 (Included in Exhibit 4.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed February 5, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6 Form of 5.250% Senior Note due 2036 (Included in Exhibit 4.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed February 5, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2026, by and among FedEx Freight Holding Company, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, the issuing banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 12, 2026 and filed January 16, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2 Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2026, by and among FedEx Freight Holding Company, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to FedEx’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 12, 2026 and filed January 16, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference). *15.1 Letter re: Unaudited Interim Financial Statements. *22 List of Subsidia ry Guarant ors and Subsidiary Issuers of Gua ranteed Securities . *31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.1 Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (“Inline XBRL”). 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1). __________________________________________ * Filed herewith. -49- Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. FedEx Corporation Date: March 19, 2026 /s/ Guy M. Erwin II Guy M. Erwin II Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer -50- 