[1] RISK FACTORS You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
[2] Summary of RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
[3] Risks Related to Our Substantial Financial Commitments Our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments, including our rent payments and guarantees we provide of the indebtedness of the landlords of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and MGM Grand Las Vegas could adversely affect our operations, development options, and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations.
[4] Current and future economic, capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments or make planned expenditures.
[5] The agreements governing our senior credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations.
[6] We are required to pay a significant portion of our cash flows as rent, which could adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and growth initiatives, service our indebtedness and limit our ability to react to competitive and economic changes.
[7] All of our domestic gaming facilities are leased and could experience risks associated with leased property, including risks relating to lease termination, lease extensions, charges and our relationship with the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.
[8] Because a significant number of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified.
[9] We extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. 11 We may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits.
[10] Co-investing in properties or businesses, including our investments in BetMGM North America Venture and MGM Osaka, decreases our ability to manage risk.
[11] Any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects.
[12] In addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future.
[13] Any failure to protect our intellectual property could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business.
[14] Our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results.
[15] The failure to maintain the integrity of our information and other systems or customer information can result in damage to our reputation, subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[16] We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility and reputation.
[17] We are subject to risks and costs related to climate change.
[18] Water scarcity could negatively impact our operations.
[19] Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters and Changes in Public Policy Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[20] We face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us.
[21] We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States.
[22] We do not guarantee MGM China s obligations under its debt agreements and, to the extent MGM China was to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service its indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into MGM China is limited by the covenants in our existing senior credit facility.
[23] If we do not have sufficient cash on hand to satisfy any obligations with respect to any of these guarantees or our other financial commitments, we may need to raise capital, including incurring additional indebtedness, in order to satisfy our obligation.
[24] Our ability to fund or timely refinance and replace our indebtedness will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above.
[25] If we are unable to fund or refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments.
[26] The agreements governing our senior secured credit facilities and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations .
[27] Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control.
[28] The breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness.
[29] Any default under our senior credit facility or the indentures could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt and other financial commitments.
[30] As a result of the foregoing rent and capital expenditure obligations, our ability to fund our operations, raise capital, make acquisitions, make investments, service our debt and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes may be adversely affected.
[31] Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[32] We expect that we will continue to face increased competition from new channels of distribution, innovations in consumer-facing technology platforms and other transformations in the travel industry that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers and related business.
[33] As a result, competition for the mass market segment amongst Macau operators has substantially increased and we expect it to continue to grow and if we are unable to maintain and further develop our mass market business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
[34] Our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[35] Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and timely react to these trends, and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations.
[36] If we are unable to hire and retain sufficient employees to operate our properties or procure necessary supplies, our business, results of operations and reputation could be negatively impacted.
[37] For instance, while currently there are no foreign exchange or capital control restrictions applicable to intercompany transactions between us and MGM China, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case in the future and that our ability to convert large amounts of Hong Kong dollars into U.S. dollars over a relatively short period will not be limited.
[38] If, in the future, foreign exchange or capital control restrictions or other restrictions on MGM China s ability to pay dividends were to be imposed and become applicable to us, such restrictions could potentially reduce or eliminate the amounts that we would be able to receive from MGM China, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[39] These developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to Macau from mainland China, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in Macau.
[40] Furthermore, our operations in Macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources and our ability to retain and hire employees.
