[1] Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future.
[2] Risks Related to Our Company, Business and Operations Deterioration of global economic conditions, an economic recession or slow growth, periods of inflation, or economic uncertainty in our key markets may adversely affect customer and consumer spending as well as demand for our products.
[3] Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in customer and consumer demand may have a material negative impact on our business, financial conditions or results of operations.
[4] Damage to our reputation or brand name, loss of brand relevance, increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers, competitive pressures in marketing and technology, or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[5] Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products, extend our brands to new platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings.
[6] We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances (including artificial intelligence and machine learning, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future), and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and negatively impact our product sales.
[7] If a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label or competitive products, it could have a material negative impact on our Consumer segment.
[8] The continued growth of e-commerce, which has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, and its impact of consumer habits and preferences has accelerated in many of the markets we serve and our financial results may be impacted if we are unable to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics.
[9] The inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[10] Issues regarding procurement of raw materials may negatively impact us.
[11] Our attempts to offset these pressures through supply chain management initiatives and increases in the selling prices of some of our products may not be successful or may result in reductions in sales volume.
[12] Disruption of our supply chain could adversely affect our business.
[13] Our ability to make, move, and sell products is critical to our success.
[14] Disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
[15] Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is manufactured from a single location, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain.
[16] Our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[17] Our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases or any failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce.
[18] A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs such as hybrid or remote work arrangements, higher unemployment subsidies, other government regulations and general macroeconomic factors.
[19] A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates and employee benefits costs to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business.
[20] If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have negative effects, our business could be adversely affected.
[21] As a manufacturer and distributor of flavor products, we rely on raw materials, packaging materials, plant labor, distribution resources, and transportation providers.
[22] Higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume.
[23] Furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset any cost increases through our productivity or efficiency initiatives.
[24] From time to time, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant inflation, which may adversely affect our profitability.
[25] Such pressures could reduce our ability to take appropriate remedial action to address commodity and other cost increases.
[26] Changing political and geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and the related implications may negatively impact our operations.
[27] Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, including conflicts, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results.
[28] Geopolitical instability has, and could result in, a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistical challenges.
[29] Further changes in political and geopolitical conditions, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain operations.
[30] We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities which could have an impact on our results.
[31] If we are unable to consummate such transactions, or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our financial results could be adversely affected.
[32] An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our results.
[33] Factors that could result in an impairment include a change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions, higher income tax rates, or assumed royalty rates.
[34] These actions may result in a deterioration of employee relations at the impacted locations or elsewhere in our business. 11 If we are unable to fully realize the benefits from our CCI program or streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve our competitiveness, our financial results could be negatively affected.
[35] Our future success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry, including our plan to eliminate costs under our CCI program.
[36] Fluctuations in foreign currency markets may negatively impact us.
[37] We face risks associated with certain pension assets and obligations.
[38] Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[39] Unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of spices, herbs and other raw materials.
[40] Scientific consensus shows that greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters, which may result in more intense effects.
