[1] RISK FACTORS This section describes certain risks we face in our business.
[2] Our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition targets, complete acquisitions on acceptable terms, and efficiently, effectively and profitably integrate and operate our acquired businesses, is critical to our growth.
[3] We may not be able to identify target companies that meet our strategic objectives or successfully negotiate and complete acquisitions with companies we have identified on acceptable terms.
[4] Additionally, our Credit Facilities (as defined below) only permit us to make acquisitions under certain circumstances and also restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness in certain circumstances.
[5] In addition, if we do not successfully complete acquisitions or integrate acquired businesses, we may need to re-evaluate our growth strategy.
[6] We could also issue additional securities as consideration for or to finance these acquisitions, which could cause significant stockholder dilution, or obtain additional debt financing, which would increase our costs, reduce our cash flow and subject us to covenants and other restrictions that may impede our ability to manage our operations, without achieving the desired accretion to our business.
[7] Financial Risks Our substantial consolidated indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by increasing our interest expense and decreasing our business flexibility.
[8] This level of indebtedness could have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business, industry and economic conditions, limiting our ability to obtain financing in the future and increasing interest expense.
[9] If our financial performance does not meet our expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
[10] With respect to the Convertible Notes, the accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Convertible Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
[11] If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we would be required to settle any converted principal in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity.
[12] Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control.
[13] The terms of our Term Loan Facility, Revolving Facility and 2034 Notes impose significant financial obligations and risks upon us, limit our ability to take certain actions, and could discourage a change in control. 14 As of February 4, 2026, the total principal balance of our USD Tranche B was $914 million, and the total principal balance of our Euro Tranche B was 587 million.
[14] Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions.
[15] These restrictions on our ability to engage in or benefit from these actions may also limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in and opportunities for our business, such as limiting our ability to engage in mergers and acquisitions.
[16] If the matters described in our other RISK FACTORS result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results, we may be unable to comply with the terms of the Credit Facilities or experience an event of default.
[17] Any failure to repay these obligations as they become due would result in an event of default under the Credit Facilities and the 2034 Notes.
[18] Any additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, and significant depletion of our available cash would harm our ability to fund our operations or execute our broader corporate objectives.
[19] Any such foreclosure proceedings or other rights and remedies successfully implemented by the lenders in an event of default would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
[20] Any impairment charge could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results, including by significantly reducing our net income.
[21] We rely on various IT networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to carry out and support virtually all business and operational activities.
[22] This incident required us to temporarily suspend operations at certain of our facilities and had a material impact during the three months ended March 31, 2023 on our ability to process orders, ship products and provide service to our Vacuum Solutions Division ( VSD ) and Photonics Solutions Division ( PSD ) customers.
[23] Additionally, we face the challenge of supporting and updating security protocols for, transitioning to or from, and integrating various IT and information management systems, including as a result of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.
[24] The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data localization laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on marketing activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
[25] Although we maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks, these costs, expenses, liabilities and other matters may not be adequately covered by insurance and may result in an increase in insurance costs or insurance not being available to us on economically feasible terms, or at all.
[26] Any of these results could harm our business, financial condition and reputation.
