[1] RISK FACTORS we may not be able to bring the acquired business up to our expected levels of safety standards as quickly as anticipated; we may have difficulty entering into new geographic markets in which we are not experienced; or we may be unable to retain the customers and partners of acquired businesses following the acquisition.
[2] If we are unable to complete transactions on acceptable terms in a timely manner , or realize expected benefits, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[3] These potential liabilities could result in material costs, including fines or personal injury or damages claims, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability.
[4] Future events, including changes in existing laws or regulations or enforcement policies, or further investigation or evaluation of the potential health hazards of some of our products or business activities, may result in additional or unanticipated compliance and other costs.
[5] We could be required to invest in preventive or remedial action, like pollution control facilities, which could be substantial or which could result in restrictions on our operations or delays in obtaining required permits or other approvals.
[6] Because future regulatory actions and enforcement priorities are uncertain, we may be unable to predict or fully mitigate their impact on our results.
[7] These risks can subject us to potentially significant liabilities relating to personal injury, death or property damage, and may result in significant civil or criminal penalties, which could damage our productivity or profitability.
[8] Litigation and other legal proceedings are inherent in our operations and could result in significant costs or liabilities.
[9] While we do not believe the outcome of pending or threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our operations or our financial condition, an unexpected and material adverse outcome in a pending or future legal action could potentially have a negative effect on our Company.
[10] Legislation, regulation, and policy initiatives addressing climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy may increase our costs, constrain operations, or alter customer demand, which could adversely impact our business and financial results.
[11] We may not be able to recover any increased operating costs, taxes or capital investments (other than with respect to any carbon reduction or capture technologies) relating to GHG emission limitations at those plants from our customers in order to remain competitive in pricing in the relevant markets.
[12] While we do not currently believe such requirements will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of the operations of either the Specialties business or Building Materials business, in light of the various regulatory uncertainties, the Company cannot presently predict the costs of any future compliance requirements.
[13] Failure to meet these commitments could result in reputational harm to our Company and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory and compliance risks and costs.
[14] Public health events including outbreaks of disease, epidemics, or pandemics, or fears of such an event and related governmental, societal and market responses could adversely affect our operations, demand for our products, costs, and financial results.
[15] Further, outbreaks of illnesses could negatively affect the health of our employees, employee productivity, customer purchasing patterns and fulfillment of purchase orders, availability of supplies, pricing for raw materials and the ability to transport materials via the Company s distribution network.
[16] Disputes with our trade unions, or the inability to renew our labor agreements, could lead to work stoppages or other actions that could disrupt our businesses, raise costs and reduce revenues and earnings from the affected locations.
[17] If we are unable to maintain stable labor relations, renew agreements on acceptable terms, staff operations adequately, or mitigate third-party labor disruptions, our production, shipments, costs and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[18] We depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business, disrupt our operations or increase costs.
[19] Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of, and on our ability to attract and retain, our key personnel and executive officers, including qualified management, technical, marketing and sales, and support personnel.
[20] Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining such qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our business.
[21] If we are unable to fill vacancies timely, maintain appropriate crew sizes, or retain key personnel and subject-matter experts, we may experience more frequent equipment downtime, slower maintenance or capital work, reduced operating days, and delays in customer service or project support.
[22] Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and other key positions throughout the organization.
[23] If we fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees.
[24] Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
[25] We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and some non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anticorruption, antibribery, export and import compliance, antitrust and money laundering, due to our operations.
[26] Financial, Accounting and Cost Management RISK FACTORS Our business requires significant and sustained capital investment; delays, cost increases, or underperformance on capital projects, or constraints on funding, could adversely affect our operations, competitiveness, and financial results.
[27] Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow depends on future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control.
[28] If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to operate our business, we may be required, among other things, to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures.
[29] Impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
[30] Accordingly, we may be required to perform impairment tests based on changes in the economic environment and other factors, and these tests could result in impairment charges in the future.
[31] A reduction in our credit ratings, regardless of the cause, could also limit our ability to obtain additional financing and/or increase our cost of obtaining financing.
[32] There is no guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at financially economical interest rates, which could negatively affect our business.
[33] It is possible a large strategic acquisition would require that we issue new equity and debt securities in order to maintain our investment-grade credit rating and could result in a ratings downgrade notwithstanding our issuance of equity securities to fund the transaction.
[34] If credit markets tighten or remain volatile, the combined effects, lower private and public construction activity, slower collections, higher input and delivered costs, increased interest expense, reduced covenant flexibility, or ratings pressure, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[35] Cost increases that we are unable to pass through to the customer in the form of price increases for our products or disruption of the uninterrupted supply of fuel and electricity could adversely affect us.
[36] We cannot be assured that prices for our cement products will not decline in the future or that such decline will not have a material adverse effect on our cement product line.
[37] Form 10-K Page 25 Part I Item 1A RISK FACTORS Cyber and Information Security RISK FACTORS We depend on information technology; cybersecurity, data-protection, and systems-reliability risks including at our third party vendors could disrupt operations, compromise data, increase costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business and results.
[38] We rely on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third-party vendors, including cloud-based systems and managed service providers, to operate our business and to securely process, store and transmit confidential, sensitive and proprietary information relating to our business operations, including sensitive information about our customers and employees.
[39] In addition, we are subject to complex and evolving laws, rules and regulations related to cybersecurity.
[40] Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
