[1] Further escalation of specific trade tensions, including those between the U.S. and China, or more broadly in global trade conflict, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and operations around the world.
[2] Compliance with rapidly changing tariffs and trade restrictions may require significant time and resources, and in turn increase our cost of doing business, and could result in fines and penalties or reputational harm if we are found to not be in compliance.
[3] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[4] As a result, the Company s results of operations and its ability to realize projected growth rates in sales and earnings could be materially adversely impacted if the U.S. dollar strengthens significantly against foreign currencies, and the Company's results of operations may experience volatility related to changes in exchange rates.
[5] For a discussion of the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the Company, see Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Proceedings * The Company faces liabilities related to certain fluorochemicals, which could have a material adverse effect on our results.
[6] Various factors or developments in these and other disclosed actions could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on 3M.
[7] Unexpected events related to the PWS Settlement, including the potential impact of the PWS Settlement on other PFAS-related matters, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or consolidated financial position.
[8] The outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings related to compliance with these treaties, laws, regulations, and requirements could have a material adverse effect on the Company's reputation, ability to execute its strategy and its results of operations.
[9] Failure by the Company or one of its customers, suppliers, vendors, or channel partners to comply with provisions of government contracts or related laws, regulations, executive orders, or other government actions could result in the Company being unable to fulfill its contract commitments under a government contract or inability to realize the full value of such contract.
[10] The failure to comply with the FCPA and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations could result in significant civil fines and penalties or criminal sanctions against the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.
[11] A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or cash flows or its consolidated financial position.
[12] In addition, negative publicity related to the matters noted above or other matters involving the Company may negatively impact the Company s reputation.
[13] The ability to successfully bring new products to market is subject to difficulties or delays in product development, such as the inability to identify viable new products, obtain adequate intellectual property protection, or gain market acceptance of new products.
[14] In addition, some of our suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers, and our ability to meet our obligations to customers depends on the performance, product quality, and stability of such suppliers and the Company's ability to source adequate alternatives in a cost-effective manner.
[15] The Company could incur contractual penalties, experience a deterioration in customer relationships, or suffer harm to its reputation if the Company is unable to fulfill its obligations to customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company.
[16] The use of AI introduces risks that could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[17] These actions could result in violations of contractual obligations, data protection requirements, or intellectual property rights, and could expose the Company to legal, regulatory, or reputational harm.
[18] Divestitures may include continued involvement in the divested businesses, such as through transitional or longer-term supply or distribution arrangements, following the transaction, and may result in unexpected liabilities through indemnification or other risk-shifting mechanisms in the applicable divestiture agreement.
[19] For example, in connection with the separation of Solventum, the Company and Solventum entered into various agreements that provide for the performance of certain services or provision of goods by each company for the benefit of the other and that may result in unexpected liabilities related to indemnification obligations or non-performance by Solventum.
[20] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future results. * The Company s future results may be affected by its operational execution, including through organizational restructurings and scenarios where the Company generates fewer productivity improvements than planned.
[21] In addition, the ability to adapt to business model and other changes, including responding to evolving customer needs and service expectations, are important, and, if not done successfully, could negatively impact the Company s ability to win new business and enhance revenue and 3M s brand.
[22] Failure to maintain strong investment grade ratings and further downgrades by the ratings agencies, would adversely affect the Company s cost of funding and could have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity and access to capital markets.
[23] In addition, interest expenses could increase due to a rise in interest rates. * Changes in tax rates, laws, or regulations could adversely impact our financial results.
[24] In addition, changes in tax laws including further regulatory developments arising from U.S. or international tax reform legislation could result in a tax expense or benefit recorded to the Company s Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
[25] Due to the evolving nature of global tax laws and regulations and compliance approaches, it is currently not possible to assess the ultimate impact of these actions on our financial statements, but these actions could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial results.
[26] Performance under these agreement or other related conditions outside of the Company s control could materially affect our operations and future financial results.
[27] Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the price of our common stock.
