[1] Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, may materially affect actual results and are often outside of our control.
[2] Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we identify important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes, including with respect to our ability to achieve our Vision, to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements we make.
[3] We elaborate on these important factors and the risks we face throughout this Form 10-K, particularly in the Executive Summary and Business Environment sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our segments in Item 7.
[4] Risks Relating to Our Business Business Operations Risks We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult nicotine consumer purchase behavior, including as a result of difficult economic conditions, and preferences, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[5] If our operating companies are unable to take actions to mitigate the effects of inflationary pressures and other factors that contribute to their products industry volume decline rates, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position .
[6] This inability to increase product prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[7] Our failure to do so or our failure to anticipate changing adult nicotine consumer preferences, improve productivity or protect or enhance margins through cost savings and price increases, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[8] We face significant competition, including from the growth of innovative nicotine products, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[9] Because many of our operating companies products are market leaders, we are subject to antitrust risk.
[10] Our operating companies failure to compete effectively in these environments could negatively impact their profitability, market share and shipment volume.
[11] If PM USA is unable to realize duty drawback to the same extent as other manufacturers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to our ability to invest in the long-term growth of our core tobacco businesses and contribute to the strategic growth of our innovative nicotine product portfolio.
[12] Our failure to compete effectively, including as a result of litigation settlement obligations, the impacts of illicit trade in nicotine products, the price differentials between premium and discount brands and our inability to realize available tax advantages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[13] We may be unsuccessful in commercializing innovative products, including nicotine products with reduced health risks relative to certain other nicotine products and that appeal to adult nicotine consumers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[14] If the outcome of any legal proceedings or investigations involving NJOY prevent us from, or we are otherwise unsuccessful in, executing these strategies, there could be a material negative impact on our business and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[15] Such factors could have a negative effect on the success of Horizon and any future collaboration or partnership between the parties, which could impact our ability to generate new revenue streams and enter new geographic markets.
[16] Our inability to successfully counter the effects of illicit trade in nicotine products, including e-vapor products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[17] Our failure to counter the impacts of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products and the FDA s failure to take meaningful enforcement actions against manufacturers and products that violate the law could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[18] Failure to complete or manage strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and commercial relationships with and investments in third parties, or realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[19] Opportunities for strategic transactions may be limited, and the success of any such transaction is dependent upon our ability to complete and realize the expected benefits of the transaction in the expected time frame or at all.
[20] We may not be able to enter into attractive business relationships or execute and complete strategic transactions on favorable terms or at all.
[21] Any such relationships or transactions may not improve our competitive position or have the intended financial outcomes and may subject us to increased legal risk, including with respect to intellectual property infringement or breach of contract claims.
[22] We may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our acquisition of NJOY Holdings, Inc. ( NJOY Transaction ) in the expected manner or timeframe, if at all, including due to the ITC exclusion order and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting the importation and sale of NJOY ACE in the United States.
[23] If the NJOY Transaction, our strategic relationships with respect to contract manufacturing or any other acquisition, disposition, joint venture, investment in a third party or other strategic relationship is not successful, there could be a material negative impact on our business, financial position and results of operations and our ability to achieve our Vision.
[24] Significant changes in price, availability or quality of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and business.
[25] Any significant change in such factors could restrict our ability to continue manufacturing and marketing existing products or impact adult nicotine consumer product acceptability and have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability.
[26] Reduced demand for tobacco leaf may result in the reduced supply and availability of domestic tobacco and increased costs, as growers divert resources to other crops or cease farming.
[27] If we are unable to identify alternate sources of nicotine for our operating companies innovative products, we could be exposed to the risks discussed above.
[28] If we are unable to identify alternate sources of raw materials, ingredients and component parts for our operating companies products, we could be exposed to supply risk.
[29] In addition, government taxes, restrictions and prohibitions on the sale and use of certain products may limit access to, and increase the costs of, raw materials and component parts and, potentially, impede our ability to sell certain of our products.
[30] Because certain of our operating companies products packaging consists of single-use plastics, single-use plastic bans and extended producer responsibility mandates could result in bans on some of our operating companies product packaging or their products and adversely impact our costs and revenues.
[31] These existing and potential future laws and regulations could increase the costs of sourcing, and impair our ability to source, certain materials used in the packaging for our products.
[32] Our operating companies rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers, and an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[33] An extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of our operating companies or in the supply or distribution of goods or services by one or more key suppliers, distributors or distribution chain service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[34] We may be required to write down goodwill and other intangible assets, including trademarks and other intellectual property, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
[35] If any impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
[36] Our Optimize & Accelerate initiative may expose us to increased risks relating to business continuity and our internal control over financial reporting and audit procedures, among others, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial position or results of operations.
[37] The Initiative presents a number of risks that could adversely impact our business, such as risks relating to operational continuity, talent management and internal control over financial reporting and audit procedures.
[38] Furthermore, many of the outsourced tasks are or will be performed in developing countries that may be at a heightened risk for geopolitical uncertainty, which could result in service interruptions.
[39] Our operating companies could decide, or be required to, recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[40] Our operating companies could decide, or laws or regulations could require them, to recall products due to the failure to meet quality standards or specifications, suspected or confirmed and deliberate or unintentional product contamination, or other product adulteration, misbranding or tampering.
