[1] Our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and pay our dividend at intended levels are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products.
[2] Together, these developments have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on sales of our liquid transportation fuels, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[3] Our operations are subject to business interruptions and present inherent hazards and risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
[4] These types of incidents adversely affect our operations and may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, impaired ability to manufacture our products, environmental pollution, and substantial losses.
[5] If we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability.
[6] Damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities.
[7] Our integration of these technologies, whether developed internally or procured through our third-party service providers, into our processes may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities.
[8] Such risks and liabilities include enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results.
[9] The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that is inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies.
[10] The loss of market share by those who operate our branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[11] We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products.
[12] A significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in MPLX s areas of operation may adversely affect MPLX s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders, including MPC.
[13] Sustained periods of low prices could result in producers deciding to limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which could substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and NGLs to MPLX s facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us.
[14] This impact may also be exacerbated in circumstances where MPLX s compensation for services is commodity-based, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and NGL prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a Btu equivalent basis than NGL products.
[15] The significant volatility in natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices could adversely impact MPLX s unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital.
[16] Such impacts could adversely impact MPLX s ability to execute its long term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments.
[17] Severe weather events, other climate conditions and earth movement and other geological hazards may adversely affect our assets and ongoing operations.
[18] To the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[19] We are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the United States and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.
[20] Actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[21] More broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways.
[22] Hostilities in the Middle East, Russia or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the U.S. and other countries.
[23] Failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[24] Any attack or targeted disruption of our operations, those of our customers or, in some cases, those of other energy industry participants, could have a material and adverse effect on our business.
[25] Similarly, any similar event that severely disrupts the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
[26] Any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[27] In addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business.
[28] Increases in interest rates could adversely impact our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels.
[29] A prolonged rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes on desirable terms, if at all.
[30] Accordingly, increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels.
[31] Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations can reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[32] In the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates. 23 Table of Contents We have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets that could become further impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations.
[33] Delays in completing capital projects or making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to market or supply certain products we produce.
[34] If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our capital project returns and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[35] Such expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[36] Climate change and GHG emission regulation could affect our operations, energy consumption patterns and regulatory obligations, any of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[37] Requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments.
[38] If we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufficient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a significantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[39] We are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition to the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels.
[40] Such risks could adversely impact our business and our ability to continue to operate or realize certain growth strategies.
