[1] As a result, we are subject to significant risks due to this geographic concentration of business and operations.
[2] If we fail to expand our customer base and significantly reduce the geographic concentration of our customers, we will continue to be subject to the foregoing risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[3] If we are unable to maintain our facilities in China at full operational status with qualified workers, appropriate manufacturing controls and reasonable cost levels, we may incur costs higher than our current expense levels, which would affect our gross margins and operating expenses.
[4] We also may not accurately assess the impact of changing market and economic conditions on our business and operations, resulting in excess or insufficient inventory, increased costs, inability to forecast and adverse effects on our financial condition or operating results.
[5] These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products, and on our financial condition and operating results.
[6] The current stagnation in China s economy has adversely impacted, and could further adversely impact, our customers, prospective customers, suppliers, distributors and partners in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
[7] We and many of our manufacturing partners and suppliers are subject to extensive Chinese government regulations, and the benefit of various incentives from Chinese governments that we and many of our manufacturing partners and suppliers receive may be reduced or eliminated, which could increase our costs or limit our ability to sell products and conduct activities in China.
[8] Any additional regulations or the amendment, or reinterpretation of previously implemented regulations could require us and our manufacturing partners and suppliers to change our business plans, increase our costs, or limit our ability to manufacture or sell products and conduct business activities in China, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
[9] Any of these incentives could be reduced or eliminated by governmental authorities at any time, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
[10] Uncertainties with respect to China s legal system, including uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes in policies, laws and regulations in China could materially and adversely affect our operations.
[11] In addition, any new or amended laws and regulations related to foreign investments, manufacturing or other matters could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to operate business in China.
[12] These uncertainties or adverse rulings may impede our ability to enforce contracts in China and could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[13] We are subject to U.S. laws and regulations that could limit or restrict the export of some of our products, supplies and services and may restrict our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other individuals, including, in certain cases, dealings with or between us and our employees and subsidiaries.
[14] We are also subject to U.S. laws restricting or prohibiting investments in certain countries, that may harm our ability to purchase from, invest in, or collaborate with, companies in those countries and could subject us to fines, penalties or other enforcement action.
[15] If the U.S. government does not agree with our determinations, we could be required to pay additional amounts, our ability to sell products in the U.S. may be restricted or eliminated, we may be required to change our suppliers or supply routes and we may incur substantial additional costs or potential penalties.
[16] We face political and other risks conducting business in Taiwan and Hong Kong, particularly due to their tense relationships with China.
[17] Dollar relative to other currencies, including the Renminbi, may adversely affect our results of operations.
[18] Dollar, there could be an increase in our manufacturing costs relative to competitors who have manufacturing facilities located outside China, which could adversely affect our financial results and operations.
[19] Dollar rises against other currencies, it may adversely affect the demand for our products in international markets, which could negatively and materially impact our business and results of operations.
[20] As a result, we are subject to significant political, regulatory, tax, economic, foreign exchange, and operational risks due to this geographic concentration in our business.
[21] A decrease in our rate of growth, or a decline in revenue, could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[22] Our competitiveness and future success depend on our ability to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis.
[23] A fundamental shift in technologies in any of our product markets could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position within these markets.
[24] Our failure to timely develop new technologies or to react quickly to changes in existing technologies could materially delay our development of new products, which could result in product obsolescence, decreased revenue, and/or a loss of market share to competitors.
[25] If we are unable to adapt rapidly to these new conditions, we may not be able to successfully penetrate new markets.
[26] The loss of any significant distributors, value-added resellers or direct or indirect customers, or failure to collect accounts receivable from them could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
[27] Significant deterioration in the liquidity or financial condition of any of our major customers or any group of our customers could have a material adverse impact on the collectability of our accounts receivable and our financial condition and operating results.
[28] Furthermore, we may experience a significant increase in premiums and therefore decide to self-insure, which may not meet the expectations or requirements of certain customers, and could result in significant costs to us.
[29] All of these factors could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Because of the lengthy sales cycles for our products and the fixed nature of a significant portion of our expenses, we may incur substantial expenses before we earn associated revenue and may not ultimately achieve our forecasted sales for our products.
[30] Furthermore, if our customers cancel orders after we submit a committed forecast to our suppliers, we may be required to purchase supplies or materials that we are unable to resell or utilize in our other products, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[31] Risks Associated with Supply and Manufacturing Our ability to increase product sales and revenue may be constrained by the manufacturing capacity of our suppliers.
[32] If our suppliers extend lead times, limit supplies or the types of capacity we require, or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors, our revenues and our gross margin may materially decline in the future.
[33] In addition, if we experience supply delays or limitations, our customers may reduce their purchase levels with us and/or seek alternative solutions to meet their demand, which could materially and adversely impact our revenue and results of operations.
[34] If our manufacturing costs increase, including as a result of inflationary pressure and global tariffs, or we experience supply constraints, we may be required to raise the prices of our products to remain profitable, which could result in a loss of customers or a decline in orders from customers.
[35] If we are unable to increase or maintain our manufacturing capacity, we may be unable to meet demand, which would harm our revenue and results of operations and may result in a loss of customers as they seek supply from other sources. 19 Table of Contents We currently depend on third-party suppliers to provide us with wafers and other key components for our products.
[36] If any of our suppliers are acquired, become insolvent or capacity constrained, or are otherwise unable to provide us with sufficient wafers and other key components at acceptable yields or at anticipated costs, our revenue and gross margin may decline or we may not be able to fulfill our customer orders.
[37] As a result of the increased costs, we have raised, and may be required to further raise the prices of our products in order to remain profitable, which could result in a loss of customers and reduced revenue.
[38] If we are unable to increase our prices to reflect higher costs, our margins will decrease.
[39] In addition, current and potential global conflicts and supply chain disruptions may materially impact our assembly or testing suppliers ability to operate.
[40] Any future product delivery delays or disruptions in our relationships with our subcontractors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
