[1] Summary RISK FACTORS The Company is subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or prospects.
[2] The following is a summary of the principal RISK FACTORS facing the Company: 26 Table of Contents The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected.
[3] Key products generate a significant amount of the Company s profits and cash flows, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[4] Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by the U.S. and other countries, could negatively affect the Company s operating results.
[5] The Company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[6] Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[7] Failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect the Company s ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
[8] Reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could materially adversely affect the Company s business.
[9] Negative events in the animal health industry could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations and financial condition of the Company or its Animal Health business.
[10] Biologics and vaccines carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
[11] The Company s products, including products in development, cannot be marketed unless the Company obtains and maintains regulatory approval or authorization. 27 Table of Contents Developments following regulatory approval or authorization may adversely affect sales of the Company s products.
[12] The Company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition.
[13] Adverse outcomes in current or future legal matters could negatively affect the Company s business.
[14] The Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
[15] The Company s results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks it faces described below and elsewhere.
[16] Risks Related to the Company s Business The Company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected.
[17] Further, court decisions relating to other companies patents, potential legislation in both the U.S. and 28 Table of Contents certain foreign markets relating to patents, as well as regulatory initiatives may result in a more general weakening of intellectual property protection.
[18] In the case of products that contribute significantly to the Company s sales, the loss of market exclusivity can have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
[19] Such events could have a material adverse effect on the sales of any such products.
[20] Failure to do so in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects.
[21] Failure to successfully develop and market new products in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects.
[22] The Company faces continued pricing pressure globally and, particularly in mature markets, from managed care organizations, government agencies and programs that could negatively affect the Company s sales 30 Table of Contents and profit margins.
[23] Changes to the health care system enacted as part of health care reform in the U.S., as well as increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, could result in further pricing pressures.
[24] If credit and economic conditions worsen, the resulting economic and currency impacts in the affected markets and globally could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results.
[25] Availability of generic or biosimilar substitutes for the Company s drugs may adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows.
[26] As a result, if the Company fails to maintain its competitive position, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
[27] These risks could disrupt the Company s operations and its supply chain, which may result in increased costs.
[28] New legal and regulatory requirements with respect to climate-related matters, which may differ across jurisdictions, could result in the Company being subject to increased compliance burdens and costs to meet these obligations.
[29] The focus on these concerns may lead to new requirements that could result in increased costs associated with developing, manufacturing and distributing the Company s products, and related reporting obligations.
[30] The Company s ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing demand for validated net zero GHG emission targets and more environmentally friendly products, packaging or supplier practices, or by failure to meet such customer expectations or demand.
[31] If geopolitical tensions were to increase and disrupt the Company s operations in China, such disruption could result in a material adverse effect on the Company s product development, sales, business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
[32] A failure to maintain the Company s presence in emerging markets could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
[33] Since the Company cannot, with certainty, foresee and mitigate against such adverse changes, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation could negatively affect the Company s business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
[34] Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to the Company or the development of factors that materially disrupt the relationships between the Company and these third parties could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business.
[35] For example, the outbreak of disease carried by animals, such as Avian Influenza or African Swine Fever, could lead to their widespread death and precautionary destruction as well as the reduced consumption and demand for animals, which could adversely affect the Company s results of operations.
[36] Any negative event with respect to the Bravecto family of products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s Animal Health sales.
[37] In addition, government regulations in multiple jurisdictions, such as the U.S. and the EU, could result in restricted access to, or transport or use of, such materials.
[38] Slight deviations anywhere in the manufacturing process, including filling, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping, and quality control and testing, may result in lot failures, product recalls or spoilage.
[39] Any of these events could result in substantial costs.
[40] In the U.S., members of the government have made public statements in favor of, and may take steps to implement, various regulatory or policy changes that could negatively impact the pharmaceutical industry, including the Company.
