[1] Any of the RISK FACTORS we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and the market price of our common stock.
[2] Our ability to successfully commercialize our approved vaccines and any future products depends in part on evolving regulatory requirements, public health recommendations and market acceptance.
[3] While we expect to launch multiple new products over the next several years, our ability to commercialize our pipeline is subject to many risks, including those described elsewhere in these RISK FACTORS under Risks related to our pipeline, product development and regulatory review and Risks related to the manufacturing of our commercial products and product candidates.
[4] If we do not successfully execute our near-term plan for growing our infectious disease vaccine franchise, our ability to invest in our pipeline, including our oncology and rare disease programs, may suffer.
[5] If we do not successfully implement our cost efficiency and prioritization programs, we may fail to meet our cash breakeven goal.
[6] If our prioritized programs are unsuccessful, or not as successful as others could have been, we may be unable to realize a sustainable return on our investments and or achieve long-term growth.
[7] The vaccine market, and pharmaceutical market more generally, is intensely competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively in the market for existing or new products, treatment methods or technologies.
[8] For example, we are developing a seasonal flu vaccine, for which there is a well-developed market , and we may need to offer more favorable terms to gain market share (which we may be unable to do), which may negatively impact our profitability.
[9] The actual or perceived success or failure of others may adversely impact our ability to commercialize our products.
[10] We face risks and uncertainties related to successfully commercializing our products.
[11] Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in accurately anticipating future rates of return for our products, which may adversely impact our accounting estimates.
[12] If we rely on others to commercialize our products, our revenues may be lower than if we commercialized these products ourselves.
[13] If our partners commit insufficient resources to commercialize our products, and we cannot independently develop necessary marketing capabilities, we may be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain our business.
[14] Our ability to set the price for any product we develop will vary significantly by country.
[15] Our inability to obtain and maintain adequate prices in a particular country may limit the revenues from our products within that country and adversely affect our ability to secure acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets, which may limit market growth.
[16] Additional discounts, rebates, coverage or plan changes, restrictions or exclusions as described above could have a material adverse effect on sales of our affected products, particularly our therapeutic products or those that are individualized for a particular patient.
[17] If we cannot obtain adequate levels of reimbursement, we may be unable to successfully market and sell our products.
[18] Further, inadequate reimbursement for services related to our products (e.g., for administration to patients) may discourage physicians from prescribing or recommending our products, adversely affecting our ability to market or sell those products.
[19] The market opportunities for our products and product candidates may be smaller than we believe, or we may be unable to successfully identify clinical trial participants.
[20] In addition, regulators conduct pre-approval inspections and negative findings may lead to delay in approval and failure to commercialize a product candidate.
[21] Regulators may require that we conduct additional clinical trials to support our applications for approval beyond our clinical development plans, which may result in increased expense and delays in bringing our products to market.
[22] Certain features in our product candidates, including those related to mRNA, chemical modifications, surface chemistries, LNPs and their components, may result in risks that apply to some or all of our programs and modalities.
[23] The need to show a high degree of safety and tolerability when dosing healthy individuals could result in rare and even spurious safety findings, negatively impacting a program prior to or after commercial launch.
[24] Difficulties or delays in enrolling a sufficient number of participants could increase costs or impact the timing or outcome of our planned clinical trials, which could prevent trial completion and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates.
[25] Even if we or our collaborators successfully enroll participants, some may not be dosed or complete the trial. mRNA drug development involves substantial clinical and regulatory risks, and negative perceptions of our platform, products and product candidates could adversely affect our business and ability to obtain regulatory approvals.
[26] Further, the FDA may give overriding weight to other efficacy endpoints over a primary endpoint, even if we achieve statistically significant results on that endpoint, if we do not do so on our secondary efficacy endpoints.
[27] The association of our products with gene therapies could result in increased regulatory burdens, impair the reputation of our products or negatively impact our platform or our business.
[28] Notwithstanding the differences between mRNA medicines and gene therapies, the classification of some of our mRNA product candidates as gene therapies could adversely impact our ability to develop our product candidates, including if a clinical hold applicable to gene therapy products were applied to our mRNA product candidates.
[29] Adverse events reported with respect to gene therapies could adversely impact one or more of our programs.
[30] If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or discontinue development of some or all of our product candidates.
[31] Public perception and related media coverage of potential therapy-related efficacy or safety issues, as well as ethical concerns related specifically to genome editing, may adversely influence the willingness of subjects to participate in clinical trials.
[32] In addition, any review conducted by an institutional biosafety committee may result in delay or prevent initiation of a gene therapy clinical trial. 50 Additionally, if any such therapeutic is approved, physicians, health care providers, third-party payors and patients may be slow or fail to accept these novel and personalized treatments.
[33] In addition, responses by federal and state agencies, congressional committees and foreign governments to negative public perception, ethical concerns or financial considerations may result in new legislation, regulations or medical standards that could limit our ability to develop or commercialize any product candidates, obtain or maintain regulatory approval or otherwise achieve profitability.
[34] The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our COVID vaccine , or any future approved products, and generate revenues.
[35] The Loper decision could result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies, including the FDA, on which we rely.
[36] Additionally, the Loper decision may result in increased regulatory uncertainty, inconsistent judicial interpretations and other impacts to the agency rule-making process.
[37] As a result, we may be unable to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and such applications may not result in the FDA or other regulators allowing clinical trials to begin.
[38] Insufficient stability or shelf life of our product candidates could materially delay our ability to continue clinical trials or require us to begin a new clinical trial with a newly formulated drug product, due to the need to manufacture additional preclinical or clinical supply.
[39] Additionally, our high rate of innovation may result in a high degree of technology change that could negatively impact product comparability during and after clinical development.
[40] These technology changes may necessitate changes to, or the sourcing of, new manufacturing infrastructure or may adversely affect third-party relationships. 52 In many cases, we may need to utilize multiple batches of drug substance and drug product to meet the supply requirement of a single preclinical study or clinical trial.
