[1] set out in Part IV (Risk Factors relating to the Proposal) and to the additional information set out in Part VIII (Additional Information) of this Circular.
[2] Shareholders are reminded that voting is on a poll, and votes may be cast by proxy who may be appointed ahead of the meeting to ensure your vote is counted (as detailed in the explanatory notes starting on page 94).
[3] In providing their advice, Rothschild & Co, JP Morgan and Citigroup have placed reliance on the Board’s commercial assessment of the Proposal.
[4] The remaining three per cent. of the Dowlais Shares will be retained by Melrose (i) for use in connection with the MASP; and (ii) to cover costs, including those relating to the performance and provision of services by the Melrose Group to the Dowlais Group under the Transitional Services Agreement, as well as other costs.
[5] For further details on the Transitional Services Agreement, see Section 9.1(D) (Transitional Services Agreement) of Part VIII (Additional Information).
[6] Details of the conditions to the Proposal and of the Demerger Agreement and related documents to effect the Proposal are set out in full in Section 2.1 of this Part II (Information on the Proposal) and Section 9 (Material Contracts) of Part VIII (Additional Information). 15 2.
[7] Strong, long-term cash generation GKN Aerospace participates in 19 risk and revenue sharing partnerships across different engine OEMs, 17 of which are currently in the lucrative cash generating phase.
[8] The expected lifetime cash inflow on these risk and revenue sharing partnerships is approximately £18.5 billion.
[9] GKN Aerospace is experiencing continued strong momentum and market recovery with 11 per cent. sales increase in 2022 (based on like-for-like growth calculated at constant currency against 2021 results) and an increasingly positive outlook into 2023 and beyond.
[10] GKN Aerospace is fully committed to offsetting inflationary pressures and managing supply chain issues.
[11] First, to deliver higher adjusted operating margins by building on the investment, cost base and operational improvements already achieved by GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy during Melrose ownership, which are expected to be further fuelled by the automotive sector’s anticipated recovery in production volumes to pre-pandemic levels.
[12] Clear structural growth in core business, regardless of powertrain mix, and technological leadership Leveraging both its core Driveline products and all wheel drive (“AWD”) products, GKN Automotive is well positioned with its ability to supply the automotive industry at every stage of the EV transition.
[13] This large global footprint and ability to both develop technology and manufacture products with consistent quality and delivery in every region is a key differentiator, enabling it to better serve customers who are regionalising their own supply chains as well as to win new business.
[14] Having secured nearly twice the market share of its nearest competitor in sideshafts and with a portfolio of sideshafts including more than 100 joint types and sizes, GKN Automotive has the ability to cater to any passenger or light commercial vehicle.
[15] GKN Automotive management expect eDrive to experience strong growth as the global automotive market transitions to EVs, lifting the contribution to revenue of GKN Automotive’s incremental, EV-focused products.
[16] The internal work to transform GKN Automotive to achieve its adjusted operating margin target of 10 per cent. is complete, while the resultant run- rate benefits are yet to be fully realised due to the impact of supply chain disruptions experienced in recent years and pending the expected market recovery.
[17] GKN Powder Metallurgy offers customers vertically integrated production capabilities that are unique among its competitors with a global presence, including iron powder, parts in sintered metal, metal injection moulding, special filters and additive manufacturing, both in metal and polymers.
[18] GKN Powder Metallurgy has longstanding, well entrenched and strong relationships with a broad blue-chip customer base in the automotive sector (including both automotive OEM and automotive supply chain manufacturers) and the industrial sector.
[19] The business’ proximity to customers is optimised through this global presence, giving GKN Powder Metallurgy a strategic advantage versus competitors when competing to supply customers that operate globally.
[20] GKN Powder Metallurgy has created a digital culture that drives continuous improvement and competitive advantage.
[21] With safety requirements, sustainability, and flexibility of great importance to this expansion of energy storage, GKN Hydrogen’s technologies have the potential for rapid growth in their application as they provide reliable and secure hydrogen storage.
[22] Some of the main macroeconomic challenges experienced by the Dowlais Group in the year ended 31 December 2022, such as the volatility of the automotive supply chain and inflationary pressures, have continued to impact the financial performance of the Dowlais Group in the year ending 31 December 2023, although to a lower extent.
[23] Inflationary pressures have made a subtle shift in impact from predominantly commodities in the year ended 31 December 2022 to labour in the year ending 31 December 2023 (with the inflationary pressures on energy costs experiencing about similar levels of impact in both these periods).
[24] Global light vehicle production is forecast to increase by approximately three per cent. in the year ending 31 December 2023 compared to the year ended 31 December 2022, according to S&P Global (December 2022), which assumes a general easing of semiconductor availability shortages.
[25] GKN Automotive and GKN Powder Metallurgy delivered a strong operating performance in the year ended 31 December 2022 by offsetting inflationary cost pressures and delivering operating margin expansion with strong cash generation.
[26] The Board therefore does not expect the Demerger to result in any material disruption to Dowlais, Melrose or GKN Aerospace.
[27] Furthermore, while additional costs will be incurred in running Dowlais as a standalone business, the Board does not expect these costs to be material at this time.
[28] These costs are expected to include, among others, central head office costs, costs in relation to the executive teams (treasury, tax, legal and compliance, company secretarial and communications) and costs in relation to sustainability measures and reporting.
[29] The Directors may change the Consolidation Record Time if they consider this to be in Shareholders’ interests.
[30] If this time or date does change, Melrose will give notice of the change by issuing an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service.
[31] The governance framework established by the Melrose Group, which includes the key mechanisms through which the Melrose Group sets its strategy, plans its objectives, monitors performance and considers risk management, will remain in place post-Demerger.
[32] The New Melrose Shares will be registered with ISIN number GB00BNGDN821 and SEDOL number BNGDN82 with effect from 8.00 a.m. on 20 April 2023. 24 9.2 Dealings The Demerger Record Time is 10:00 p.m. on 19 April 2023 (or such other time and date as the Directors (or any duly authorised committee of them) may decide).
[33] Share certificates in respect of New Melrose Shares are expected to be posted, at the risk of Shareholders, by 5 May 2023 to those Shareholders who, at the Consolidation Record Time, hold their Melrose Shares in certificated form.
[34] TAXATION Any discussion of taxation and related matters contained within this Circular does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to the Melrose Share Consolidation or the receipt of Dowlais Shares and, in particular, does not address the tax considerations in any jurisdiction not specifically covered below.
[35] Shareholders in jurisdictions outside of the United Kingdom or the United States should consult with their own legal and tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences in their particular circumstances under the relevant legislation and regulations.
[36] Such Shareholders may be subject to special rules.
[37] The material set out in the paragraphs below does not constitute tax advice.
[38] Those authorities may be changed at any time, possibly with retroactive effect, so as to result in US federal income tax consequences different from those summarised below.
[39] Subject to applicable limitations (including a minimum holding period requirement), dividends received by a non-corporate US Holder from a qualified foreign corporation may be treated as “qualified dividend income” that is subject to reduced rates of taxation.
[40] Based on the past and projected composition of the Company’s income and assets, and the valuation of its assets, including goodwill, the Company does not believe it was a PFIC for its most recent taxable year or any prior year, and does not expect to become a PFIC in the current taxable year, although there can be no assurance in this regard.
