[1] These risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
[2] These conditions, including inflationary expense pressure with our clients, may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[3] For example, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our results of operations.
[4] Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims.
[5] Such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources.
[6] We may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
[7] Given the judgment involved in estimating and establishing such liabilities, as well as the unpredictability of E&O claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse 11 outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
[8] We cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable U.S. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[9] We are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, anti-money laundering, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
[10] Moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions.
[11] These inquiries consume significant management attention, and the cost of compliance and the consequences of failing to be in compliance could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business.
[12] We may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest.
[13] We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information.
[14] In the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties, which in some cases is critical to our ability to deliver services to our clients.
[15] Further, a disruption of physical infrastructure could impact our ability to conduct business and service clients.
[16] Moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment.
[17] The latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner, and even if detected, there can be no assurance that we can mitigate or remediate such compromise in an adequate or timely manner.
[18] Moreover, a successful cyberattack targeting our financial reporting systems or related services and infrastructure could disrupt our ability to accurately prepare, finalize, and disclose our financial results in a timely manner.
[19] Despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems.
[20] The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. 14 Our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities.
[21] Any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[22] We are at risk of a cyberattack involving a vendor or other third parties, which could result in a breakdown of such third party s data protection processes or the cyberattackers gaining access to our infrastructure or data through a supply chain attack.
[23] In addition, we depend on our third-party vendors to keep software current.
[24] In the future, these types of incidents could result 15 in personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information, including client, employee or Company data, being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[25] Improper collection, use, disclosure, cross border transfer, retention and other processing of confidential, personal, or proprietary data could result in regulatory scrutiny, legal and financial liability, or harm to our reputation.
[26] As a result, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S., Europe and around the world regarding privacy, data protection, data security and cyber security.
[27] At the international level, we are subject to an increasing number of comprehensive privacy laws including, for example, those passed in Indonesia, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, India and Australia.
[28] Despite a proliferation of regulatory guidance papers, there remains uncertainty in key areas related to these laws, and that uncertainty could result in potential liability for our failure to meet our obligations, including the possibility of significant fines some of which can amount to 4% or more of our global revenue.
[29] This uncertainty may impair our ability to offer our existing and planned products and services or increase our cost of doing business.
[30] At the U.S. federal level, we are subject to various privacy laws and regulations, including those promulgated under the authority of the U.S.
[31] At the U.S. state level, we are subject to laws and regulations related to privacy, such as the CCPA, which introduced concepts such as transparency and rights like access and deletion, that have been enacted by over twenty states with more such laws expected to pass in future years.
[32] All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
[33] Failure to comply with some of these obligations, especially those related to data retention requirements, could expose us to regulatory fines and other penalties.
[34] Additionally, due to the ongoing fast pace of legislative and regulatory activity, we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to new legislative, regulatory and other developments.
[35] These changes may also impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services and increase our cost of doing business in various countries.
[36] We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business.
[37] In addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs.
[38] If these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected.
[39] If we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
[40] Competitive Risks The loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
