[1] Any of these factors could negatively impact the results of our Wealth Management business segment.
[2] Substantial market fluctuations or divergence in asset performance could also cause variations in the value of our investments in our funds, the flow of investment capital into or from AUM, and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact the results of our Investment Management business segment.
[3] Subsequent valuations in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the value of these instruments and may adversely impact historical or prospective fees and performance-based income (also known as incentive fees, which include carried interest) in respect of certain businesses.
[4] Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of our financial instruments, which may adversely affect our results of operations in future periods.
[5] Significant changes to interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations.
[6] We may also incur higher-than-anticipated credit losses as a result of (i) disputes with counterparties over the valuation of collateral or (ii) actions taken by other lenders that may negatively impact the valuation of collateral.
[7] In cases where we foreclose on collateral, sudden declines in the value or liquidity of collateral may result in significant losses to us despite our (i) credit monitoring, (ii) over-collateralization, (iii) ability to call for additional collateral or (iv) ability to force repayment of the underlying obligation, especially where there is a single type of collateral supporting the obligation.
[8] Although our models and estimates account for correlations among related types of exposures, a change in the market or economic environment for a concentrated product or an external factor impacting a concentrated counterparty, sector, portfolio, industry or geographic region may result in credit losses in excess of amounts forecast.
[9] A default by a large financial institution or financial services firm could adversely affect financial markets.
[10] This is sometimes referred to as systemic risk and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearinghouses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks and securities firms, with which we interact on a daily basis and, therefore, could adversely affect us.
[11] We are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operations or security systems or those of our third parties (or third parties thereof), as well as human error or malfeasance, which could adversely affect our businesses or reputation.
[12] Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies.
[13] We rely on the ability of our employees, our consultants, our internal systems and systems at technology centers maintained by unaffiliated third parties to operate our different businesses and process a high volume of transactions.
[14] Disruptions to, destruction of, instability of or other failure to effectively maintain our IT systems or external technology that allows our clients and customers to use our products and services (including our self-directed brokerage platform and mobile services) could harm our business and our reputation.
[15] As a major participant in the global capital markets, we face the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes, or due to fraud or cyberattacks.
[16] Our businesses and operations may also be adversely impacted by inadequate data quality management processes, including failure to meet defined expectations related to the appropriate completeness, timeliness and accuracy of data in reports, models or other data deliverables.
[17] In addition, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with agent banks, exchanges and clearinghouses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industrywide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business.
[18] These risks may be heightened to the extent that we rely on third parties that are concentrated in a geographic area.
[19] Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the 15 December 2025 Form 10-K Table of Contents infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities where we are located.
[20] Additionally, we are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations governing areas such as cybersecurity, privacy and data governance, transfer and protection, which may differ and potentially conflict, in various jurisdictions or cause us to develop or enhance controls that may encumber operations and/or increase costs.
[21] Any theft of data, technology or intellectual property may negatively impact our operations and reputation, including disrupting the business activities of our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures or clients conducting business in those jurisdictions.
[22] These risks may be heightened by several factors, including remote work, reliance on new technologies (such as generative artificial intelligence) or as a result of the integration of acquisitions and other strategic initiatives that may subject us to new technology, customers or third-party providers.
[23] While many of our agreements with partners and third parties include indemnification provisions, we may not be able to recover sufficiently, or at all, under such provisions to adequately offset any losses we may incur.
[24] The cost of managing cybersecurity and information security risks and attacks, along with complying with new, increasingly expansive and evolving regulatory requirements, could adversely affect our results of operations and business.
[25] Liquidity is essential to our businesses and we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our operations.
[26] Our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets, our inability to access the secured lending markets, our inability to attract and retain deposits, or unanticipated outflows of cash or collateral by customers or clients.
[27] Factors that we cannot control, such as volatility and disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the U.S. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding.
[28] If we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to utilize other funding sources or finance or liquidate unencumbered assets, such as our investment portfolios or trading assets, to meet maturing liabilities or other obligations.
[29] We may be unable to sell some of our assets or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
[30] Termination of our trading agreements could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant payments in the form of cash or securities.
[31] Regulatory restrictions, tax restrictions or elections and other legal restrictions may limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.
[32] These laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations.
[33] Furthermore, as a BHC, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends.
[34] Our ability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or the equity markets, or to access secured lending markets, has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by conditions in the U.S. and international markets and economies.
[35] Significant turbulence in the U.S., the E.U. and other international markets and economies could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with us.
[36] Risk Management Strategies, Models and Processes Our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk, which could result in unexpected losses.
[37] Many models we use are based on assumptions or inputs regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators and, therefore, may not anticipate future market conditions, such as the impact of a pandemic or a geopolitical conflict, which could cause us to incur losses.
[38] Our trading risk management strategies and techniques also seek to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses.
[39] For example, to the extent that our trading or investing activities involve less liquid trading markets or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sales or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and, therefore, reduce our risk associated with such positions.
[40] Like other major financial services firms, we are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities exchanges, and by regulators and exchanges in each of the major markets where we conduct our business, including an increasing number of complex sanctions and disclosure regimes.
