[1] This information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which discuss factors that could materially affect our future results.
[2] We rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications and services, including data from stock exchanges and other suppliers (collectively, Vendor Products ), and depend on the accuracy and quality of Vendor Products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance and develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis.
[3] Additionally, we rely on clients to supply us with certain data for our products and services, and depend on the delivery, accuracy, quality and accessibility of such data.
[4] If Vendor Products include errors or design defects, are delayed, become incompatible with future versions of our products, are unavailable on acceptable terms or are suspended or not available at all, we may not be able to deliver our products and services.
[5] Such exclusive contracts could hinder our ability to create our products and services or to provide our clients with the data or other products or services they prefer.
[6] Despite our efforts to comply with the licensing requirements of Vendor Products, there can be no assurance that third parties will not challenge our use, which could result in increased acquisition or licensing costs, loss of rights or costly legal actions.
[7] Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the data, other materials or functionality provided by Vendor Products that may become unavailable or fail to operate effectively for any reason.
[8] If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[9] If our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may face increased costs or liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[10] The realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[11] Contractual disputes could result in the provision of credits, adverse monetary judgments and other penalties and damages.
[12] MSCI is exposed to potential reputational and credibility concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[13] To the extent that any of MSCI s operating segments, product lines or MSCI as a whole suffers a reputational or other loss in credibility, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[14] Anti-ESG and anti-climate sentiment may impact demand for our products, limit our ability to retain clients or lead to heightened scrutiny of our methodologies or content.
[15] In addition, we believe that MSCI s corporate culture and reputation positively contribute to our ability to attract and retain talent, and that reputational damage could negatively affect our hiring, employee engagement and retention.
[16] Damage to our reputation, brand or credibility could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[17] Where an investment product s TER determines our fees, a reduction in the TER may negatively impact our revenues.
[18] Results for any given quarter could be materially adversely affected by stronger growth in assets in indexed investment products with lower-than-average fees not sufficiently offset by growth in assets in indexed investment products with higher-than-average fees.
[19] Our asset-based fees could dramatically decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[20] Our revenue growth depends on our ability to obtain new clients, quickly onboard our clients and deploy our products and services to them, sell additional services to existing clients and achieve, maintain or improve pricing structures and sustain a high level of renewal rates with respect to our existing licenses.
[21] Failure to achieve one or more of these objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[22] In addition, demand for our products may be impacted by cyclical market changes, regulatory uncertainty and political scrutiny, which could negatively affect client adoption and our financial performance.
[23] If we experience significant cancellations or reductions in licenses, either individually or in the aggregate, and we are unsuccessful in replacing those licenses, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
[24] Our clients may become more self-sufficient, which may reduce demand for our products or services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[25] To the extent that our clients become more self-sufficient, demand for our products or services may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[26] Complex relationships with clients, competitors, investors and distributors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[27] We have complex relationships with various parties, including clients, shareholders, distributors of our content and competitors, which may present potential conflicts of interest that could adversely affect our business.
[28] The inability to adequately address these issues could lead to the loss of key clients, distributors or partners; diminished revenues; or harm to our reputation.
[29] Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[30] We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems, networks and platforms and their components, including our data centers, cloud providers and other third-party vendors and service providers, production and delivery systems as well as the internet, to create and deliver our products and service our clients.
[31] Our ability to effectively use the internet, including for remote work, may also be impaired due to a variety of reasons including infrastructure failures, service outages, cyber-attacks or government restrictions.
[32] Disruptions, failures, or slowdowns in our operations, or those of our third-party vendors and service providers, could reduce confidence in our products and services, damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, or negatively affect our ability to distribute products to clients, including managed services or real-time index data.
[33] While we generally perform cybersecurity due diligence on key vendors and service providers, our ability to monitor their practices is limited, and vulnerabilities or incidents affecting their software, systems, or networks could introduce risks to our operations.
[34] Any of these factors could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
[35] Any failure to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[36] We rely on complex processes and IT controls along with policies, procedures and training to protect this information, including sensitive data such as material non-public information and client portfolio data, against unauthorized access or disclosure.
[37] Failure to meet those obligations or to effectively communicate during an incident could exacerbate reputational harm and regulatory exposure, including the risk of enforcement actions and fines.
[38] Cyber-attacks or other security incidents and the failure of security plans, systems and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[39] Migration of our applications, systems, processes and infrastructure to new technologies, providers, processes, platforms or applications could result in unanticipated failures, interruptions or delays in the performance and delivery of our products, services and support.
[40] Such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
