[1] RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and the trading price of our common stock.
[2] STRATEGIC AND COMPETITIVE RISKS We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[3] If we do not continue to innovate and provide products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers, we may not remain competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[4] We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms.
[5] We face significant competition from competing platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablets.
[6] Competitors rules governing their content and applications marketplaces may restrict our ability to distribute products and services through them in accordance with our technical and business model objectives.
[7] For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 16 PART I Item 1A Business model competition Companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models.
[8] The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
[9] If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above.
[10] This could adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 17 PART I Item 1A Our AI systems offer users powerful tools and capabilities.
[11] Perceptions of mismanagement, driven by regulatory activity or negative public reaction to our practices or product experiences, could negatively impact product and feature adoption.
[12] These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[13] If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination or renegotiation of the arrangement.
[14] We also have limited ability to control or influence third parties with whom we have arrangements, which may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits.
[15] The success of these transactions and arrangements depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones, as well as the acquired companies ability to meet our policies and processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, digital safety, responsible AI, and cybersecurity.
[16] These events could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 18 PART I Item 1A CYBERSECURITY, DATA PRIVACY, AND PLATFORM ABUSE RISKS Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.
[17] Cyber incidents and attacks, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, and reputation, or expose us to legal or regulatory risk.
[18] Inadequate account security or organizational security practices, including those of companies we have acquired or those of the third parties we utilize, have resulted and may result in unauthorized access to our systems and data, including customer systems and data.
[19] As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public.
[20] In addition, actions taken to remediate an incident could result in outages, data losses, and disruptions of our services. 19 PART I Item 1A Our internal environment continues to evolve.
[21] Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access, and user activity may result in ransomware or other malicious software impacting a customer s use of our products or services.
[22] As a result, we may not be able to discontinue support in our services for a product, service, standard, or feature solely because a more secure alternative is available.
[23] Failure to utilize the most current security advances and standards can increase our customers vulnerability to attack.
[24] Cyberattacks could adversely impact our customers even if our production services are not directly compromised.
[25] We may not be able to detect the existence or extent of these attacks for all of our customers or have information on how to detect or track an attack, especially where an attack involves on-premises software such as Exchange Server where we may have no or limited visibility into our customers computing environments.
[26] If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our processes, products, and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm our reputation and lead customers to exercise contractual or other remedies against us, reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services.
[27] Any of these could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
[28] Disclosure and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation.
[29] Improper disclosure or misuse could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue.
[30] We may not be able to protect information in our products and services from use by others .
[31] Changes in the law or interpretations of the law may weaken our ability to prevent third parties from scraping or gathering information or content through use of bots or other measures and using it for their own benefit which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 21 PART I Item 1A Abuse of our platforms may harm our reputation or user engagement.
[32] When discovered by users and others, such content may negatively affect our reputation, our brands, and user engagement.
[33] Failure to comply with content requirements may subject us to enhanced regulatory oversight, civil or criminal liability, or reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[34] These risks, if realized, may increase our costs, damage our reputation, or adversely affect our results of operations. 22 PART I Item 1A Issues in the development, deployment, and use of AI may result in reputational or competitive harm or liability .
[35] Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Microsoft or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions, cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended.
[36] Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or other adverse impacts.
[37] OPERATIONAL RISKS We may have excessive outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure.
[38] Weaknesses in our processes could result in defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing, which could cause reduced sales, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[39] Failure to prevent, detect, or address defects in design, manufacture, or associated software could result in recalls, safety alerts, or product liability claims, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[40] LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND LITIGATION RISKS We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and evolving legal and regulatory requirements that could adversely affect our results of operations.
