[1] Moreover, the risks below are not the only risks we face and additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may emerge or become material at any time and may negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or the trading price of our common stock.
[2] While such initiatives have gained limited traction to date, if customers conclude that public mobile broadband networks, potentially augmented with emerging technologies, provide adequate resiliency, coverage, control, and cost for their critical communication needs, it could adversely affect our MCN sales.
[3] Our MCN sales could also be adversely affected by evolving technologies created to defeat encryption or our products ability to communicate in a contested environment, which could result in our MCN radios becoming less secure or effective.
[4] Another area in which we face significant competition is AI.
[5] If we are unable to mitigate these risks, our results of operations, financial condition or reputation may be adversely affected.
[6] Failure to comply with such requirements could result in liabilities, including potential enforcement actions, fines, penalties, product bans or reputational harm.
[7] We use AI in our products and services, and challenges related to the use of AI could subject us to legal liability or additional regulatory oversight, or adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or business reputation.
[8] The impacts of these catastrophic events could have a negative impact on our ability to manage our business and/or cause disruption of economic activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows or stock price.
[9] Any failure or perceived failure of certain mission-critical products and services we develop for use in areas such as defense, public safety and unmanned systems, could result in litigation by persons alleging harm, such as injuries or loss of life, or economic damage, including property damage.
[10] Depending on the nature of the quality issue and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall or corrective field action costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation.
[11] Recalls and field actions could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or economic damage as a result of the use of the products or services.
[12] If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business.
[13] Our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services, from our suppliers.
[14] We expect that any future supply chain effects could also impact our ability to meet customer demand and negatively impact our results of operations.
[15] As a result, we may not be able to increase our prices commensurately with our increased costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition.
[16] In addition, certain supplies, including for some of our critical components, software and services solutions, are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner.
[17] Each of these factors may impact our ability to meet customer demand and could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. 15 We are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and services contracts that may negatively impact our business.
[18] Our employees, customers, suppliers and outsource partners are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face.
[19] We rely on third-parties to develop, design and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our products (including software), and to assist in performing certain IT, network connectivity, HR information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services.
[20] The actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.
[21] We utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner or to adhere to our Human Rights Policy could negatively impact our business.
[22] Any of the foregoing could cause orders to be canceled, relationships to be terminated or our reputation to be damaged, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[23] Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees, including engineers and other key technical employees, in order to remain competitive.
[24] If we are unable to retain talented, highly-qualified senior management, engineers and other key employees or attract them when needed, it could negatively impact our business.
[25] We rely on the experience of our senior management, most of whom have been with us for many years and as a result have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace, and competition for management with experience in the communications industry is intense.
[26] In addition, we face increased demands for technical personnel in areas such as software development, which is an area of particularly high demand for skilled employees.
[27] With respect to cybersecurity laws and regulations, in the EU and other jurisdictions we are subject to, and expect to continue to become subject to, increasingly stringent and prescriptive cybersecurity legislation mandating the implementation of distinct cybersecurity risk management measures and obligations to demonstrate our compliance through certification or self-attestations.
[28] Compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to increased costs and any noncompliance, whether actual or perceived, could result in potential liabilities.
[29] If countries implement more restrictive regulations for cross-border personal data transfers (or customers do not permit personal data to leave the country of origin), it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, which could adversely impact our business.
[30] Any failure or perceived failure by us, our business partners, or third-party service providers to comply with such laws and regulations, or applicable commitments in contracts, could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and significant fines and penalties, and adversely affect our business.
[31] The loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities.
[32] Any such changes in availability of funding, spending levels and priorities, disclosure events, audits or noncompliance with such regulations and laws could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business.
[33] Changes to these compliance requirements could result in our inability to renew or perform under certain contracts.
[34] Such disclosures, certifications or audits could negatively affect or result in adjustments to our contracts.
[35] Future disclosures, audits and adjustments, if required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of such disclosure events or audits.
[36] Certain of the services we offer are subject to telecommunications regulations in various jurisdictions, which expose us to increased costs to address compliance obligations and potential liability in the event of any failure to comply with such regulations, which could result in fines and penalties, reputational harm and adversely affect our business.
[37] As such, we are subject to certain Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and possible state regulations relating to telecommunications, including some certification or licensing, service reliability, and regulatory fee requirements.
[38] If we do not comply with these regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, fines, and possibly loss of certifications or licenses to operate or offer certain of our services that are regulated telecommunications.
[39] Additionally, we are subject to regulations in certain foreign countries where we offer services that include telecommunications or other types of communications services.
[40] Failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, additional compliance obligations or liabilities, loss of authority to provide regulated services, and reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business.
