[1] The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
[2] If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
[3] These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our listed securities.
[4] We may not be able to regain profitability in future periods As of January 1, 2025, we have adopted ASU 2023-08, pursuant to which we are required to recognize increases or decreases in fair value of our digital assets as incurred in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
[5] We may not be able to regain profitability in future periods, particularly if we incur significant unrealized losses related to our digital assets, which will depend on the price of bitcoin at the end of the applicable period.
[6] As a result, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
[7] Such increases in valuation allowances could materially and adversely affect net income in periods in which such charges are incurred.
[8] Our ability to obtain equity or debt financing may depend on, among other factors, the value of our bitcoin holdings, investor sentiment and the general public perception of bitcoin, our strategy and our value proposition.
[9] Accordingly, a significant decline in the fair market value of our bitcoin holdings or a negative shift in these other factors may create liquidity and credit risks, as such a decline or such shifts may adversely impact our ability to secure sufficient equity or debt financing to maintain the USD Reserve at targeted levels and to satisfy our financial obligations and liquidity needs.
[10] Any such sale of bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, and could impair our ability to secure additional equity or debt financing in the future.
[11] If we are unable to raise equity or debt financing or sell our bitcoin to raise proceeds sufficient to satisfy our financial obligations or liquidity needs, including our debt service and cash dividend payments on our preferred stock, we could be in default under such obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
[12] See Risks Related to Our Outstanding and Potential Future Indebtedness and Risks Related to Our Preferred Stock for additional details about the risks which may impact us if we are unable to satisfy our debt service and cash dividend obligations.
[13] We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities We are subject to income taxes and non-income taxes in a variety of domestic and foreign jurisdictions.
[14] These changes, many of which have been adopted or are under active consideration by participating jurisdictions and/or other countries, could increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes.
[15] Pursuant to the Interim Guidance, we plan to exclude any unrealized gains and losses on our bitcoin holdings from the calculation of our AFSI for purposes of determining whether we are subject to CAMT.
[16] If we become subject to these new taxes under the IRA, it could result in a material tax obligation, which we would need to satisfy in cash, which in turn could materially affect our financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
[17] As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may materially affect our financial results in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined.
[18] Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings, and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks.
[19] The concentration of our assets in bitcoin limits our ability to mitigate risk that could otherwise be achieved by holding a more diversified portfolio of assets.
[20] Our bitcoin strategy relies substantially on our ability to complete equity and debt financings.
[21] Our ability to achieve the objectives of our bitcoin strategy depends in significant part on our ability to obtain equity and debt financing.
[22] If we are unable to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully execute on our bitcoin strategy.
[23] If bitcoin prices were to decline or our bitcoin strategy otherwise proves unsuccessful, our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities would be materially adversely impacted.
[24] We are subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians.
[25] The broader digital assets industry is subject to counterparty risks, which could adversely impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin.
[26] These impacts could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our listed securities.
[27] Any of the foregoing factors, individually or in the aggregate, could result in significant volatility or a substantial decline in the price of bitcoin, which could in turn adversely affect our financial results, the market price of our listed securities, and our ability to implement our bitcoin strategy.
[28] Bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty Bitcoin and other digital assets are relatively novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty, any of which could adversely affect bitcoin s price and our ability to hold or transact in bitcoin.
[29] Although the complaints against Coinbase, Inc., Payward Inc., Payward Ventures Inc. and Binance Holdings Ltd. have been dismissed, the SEC, CFTC, foreign governments, states, or other regulatory agencies may initiate similar actions in the future, which could materially affect the price of bitcoin and our ability to own or transfer bitcoin.
[30] The consequences of any new legal requirements relating to digital assets could adversely affect the market price of bitcoin and our ability to hold or transact in bitcoin, and in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities.
[31] Furthermore, as more companies adopt strategies with respect to bitcoin or digital assets similar to ours, governments and regulatory agencies may be prompted to enact new laws, regulations, or interpretations, which may adversely affect our bitcoin strategy.
[32] Moreover, the risks of engaging in a bitcoin strategy are relatively novel and have created, and could continue to create, complications due to the lack of experience that third parties have with companies engaging in such a strategy, such as increased costs of director and officer liability insurance or the potential inability to obtain such coverage on acceptable terms in the future.
[33] The current and potential future availability of investment options with respect to other digital assets could result in a decline in the price of bitcoin, which could in turn cause a decline in the price of our class A common stock and our other listed securities and such decline could be disproportionate to the decline in value of our bitcoin.
[34] These and any other bitcoin-related transactions we may enter into, beyond simply acquiring and holding bitcoin, may subject us to additional regulatory compliance requirements and scrutiny, including under federal and state money services regulations, money transmitter licensing requirements and various commodity and securities laws and regulations.
[35] As a result of such listing, we are subject to certain disclosure and other requirements under applicable EU regulations.
[36] Any actual or perceived wash trading in the bitcoin market, and any other fraudulent or manipulative acts and practices, could adversely affect the value of our bitcoin.
[37] As the price of our listed securities is affected by the value of our bitcoin holdings, the failure of a major participant in the bitcoin ecosystem could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our listed securities.
[38] Accordingly, the emergence or growth of digital assets other than bitcoin may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
[39] As a result, the emergence or growth of these or other digital assets could cause the market price of bitcoin to decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
[40] Additionally, during periods of market instability, we may not be able to sell our bitcoin at favorable prices or at all.
