[1] RISK FACTORS Summary Market Risk Weakness in the economy, or fluctuations in market factors, has adversely affected the Company in the past and may adversely affect the Company in the future.
[2] The Company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities that may result in challenges to the Company s tax return treatment.
[3] The discontinuation of benchmark rates as permissible rate indices in new contracts and the development of alternative benchmark indices to replace discontinued benchmarks could adversely impact the Company s business and results of operations.
[4] Credit Risk Deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the Company.
[5] Strategic Risk The financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the Company s revenue and profitability.
[6] The Company could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel. 22 Operational Risk The Company is subject to operational risk which could adversely affect the Company s business and reputation and create material legal and financial exposure.
[7] The Company is subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of customers, clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose the Company to liability and/or reputational damage.
[8] The development and use of AI, including by third parties, presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact M&T.
[9] The Company's reputation may be harmed, which could negatively impact investor and customer confidence.
[10] An increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults could result in higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses as well as impairment write-downs of certain investment securities and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.
[11] Adversely affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable-rate loans and other debt instruments (including due to an inability to refinance loans), which, in turn, affects the Company s loss rates on those assets.
[12] Such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the Company to specific transactions.
[13] Should tax laws change or the tax authorities' interpretations of tax laws and regulations differ from management s assumptions or interpretations, 25 the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the Company s results of operations.
[14] Inability to access capital markets if needed, at cost effective rates, could adversely affect the Company s liquidity and results of operations.
[15] Although the Company is not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related fee income and could result in decreased demand for the Company s services.
[16] In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or admissions of wrongdoing as part of such settlements, which could have significant collateral consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time.
[17] Heightened regulatory scrutiny, requirements or expectations could have significant effects on the Company, including through restrictions on growth or required remediation activities and associated resource requirements, and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations.
[18] In addition, the liquidity-related provisions of the Federal Reserve s liquidity-related enhanced prudential supervision requirements may reduce the Company s ability to invest in other longer-term assets even if deemed more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective, which could adversely affect its net interest income and net interest margin.
[19] The results of future supervisory stress tests and the impact of proposed revisions to capital requirements upon the stress testing framework are uncertain, and a more severe outcome may result in a higher SCB and an increase in M&T s effective capital requirements.
[20] An increased SCB may restrict M&T s ability to return capital to shareholders, including through paying dividends, entering into acquisitions or repurchasing its common stock, which in turn could negatively impact market and investor perceptions of M&T.
[21] Any such assessments may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations.
[22] Any resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.
[23] Negative news about the Company or the financial services industry generally may reduce market or customer confidence in the Company, which could in turn materially adversely affect the Company s liquidity position and ability to raise funding.
[24] Such reputational damage may result in the loss of customer deposits, the inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets, and downgrades in one or more of the Company s credit ratings, and may also negatively affect the Company s ability to access the capital markets.
[25] If the Company is unable to continue to fund assets through customer deposits or access to other funding sources at reasonable terms or if the Company suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, the Company s liquidity, operating margins, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
[26] Any such withdrawals could result in higher funding costs to the Company as it loses a lower cost source of funding, and significant unanticipated withdrawals could materially and adversely affect the Company s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
[27] Consumers and businesses may view payment stablecoins as a substitute for traditional bank deposits, which could result in reduced levels of deposits in the banking system.
[28] Depending on consumer and business interest in payment stablecoins, and the characteristics and utility of payment stablecoins, the passage of the GENIUS Act could result in increased competition with respect to M&T s bank subsidiaries deposit products.
[29] Acquiring other entities involves potential risks that could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including: Inability to fully achieve the Company s strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition.
[30] Inability to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity.
[31] The Company s current or future approach to in-office and remote-work arrangements may not meet the needs or expectations of current or prospective employees or may not be perceived as favorable as compared with the arrangements offered by other companies, which could adversely affect the Company s ability to attract and retain employees.
[32] If as a result of complying with such rules the Company is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if the compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more significant, the Company s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected.
[33] Operational Risk The Company is subject to operational risk which could adversely affect the Company s business and reputation and create material legal and financial exposure.
[34] Control weaknesses or failures or other operational risks could result in charges, increased operational costs, harm to the Company s reputation, regulatory scrutiny or foregone business opportunities.
[35] Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to its accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect the Company s customer relationships.
[36] The failure to properly upgrade or maintain the computer systems could result in greater susceptibility to attacks, particularly in light of the greater frequency and severity of attacks in recent years, as well as the growing prevalence of supply-chain attacks affecting software and information technology service providers.
[37] Although the Company believes that a robust suite of authentication and layered security controls, data encryption and tokenization, threat intelligence, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management tools exist, the failure of any of these controls could result in a failure to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner.
[38] The Company is also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of customers, clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose the Company to liability and/or reputational damage.
[39] Any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business.
[40] Technological or financial difficulties of a third-party service provider could adversely affect the Company s business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party.
