[1] Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price.
[2] Significant declines in average selling prices in future periods could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[3] Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which have in the past and could in the future lead to underutilization of our production assets.
[4] As a result, lower utilization, lower wafer output, and corresponding increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs could result in higher inventory carrying costs, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[5] Our ability to execute on multiple transitions simultaneously, while maintaining supply continuity, quality standards, and cost competitiveness, is critical to sustaining our market position.
[6] If we do not successfully anticipate technology inflections and respond to changes in customer requirements and market changes, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[7] Any misalignment between forecasted and actual demand, or delays in ramping new technologies, could result in elevated inventory levels, underutilized capacity, and gross margin pressure.
[8] In addition, due to the customized nature of certain products we manufacture, we may be unable to sell certain finished goods inventories to alternative customers or manufacture in-process inventory to different specifications, which may result in excess and obsolescence charges in future periods.
[9] In addition, if we are unable to supply products that meet customer design and performance specifications, we may be required to sell such products at lower average selling prices, which may reduce our gross margins.
[10] We may not be able to predict or quickly respond to trends in the dynamics of our markets and our customers or changes in customer demand, which could negatively impact our gross margin.
[11] If such demand does materialize, but is lower than expected, we may not be able to reduce our costs in response, which would adversely impact our gross margins.
[12] Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[13] We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[14] If we or our customers, suppliers, or vendors are impacted by any of these risks, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[15] Further actions by the Chinese government, through CAC action or other means, could impact revenue inside or outside China, or our operations in China, or our ability to ship products to our customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[16] We may not be able to fully prevent the unauthorized resale, diversion, or misuse of our products by third parties.
[17] These restrictions may not prohibit our competitors from selling similar products to our customers, which may result in a loss of sales and market share.
[18] Political, economic, or other actions may adversely affect our operations in Taiwan.
[19] A majority of our DRAM production output in 2025 was from our fabrication facilities in Taiwan, and any loss of output could have a material adverse effect on us.
[20] Any political, economic, or other actions may also adversely affect our customers and the technology industry supply chain, for which Taiwan is a central hub, and as a result, could have a material adverse impact on us. 25 | 2025 10-K Table of Contents The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive.
[21] We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK hynix Inc.; Kioxia Holdings Corporation; Sandisk Corporation; ChangXin Memory Technologies, Inc. ( CXMT ); and Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd. ( YMTC ).
[22] As a result, we face the threat of increasing competition and DRAM and NAND oversupply due to significant investment in the semiconductor industry, including by the Chinese government and various state-owned or affiliated entities, such as CXMT and YMTC.
[23] In addition, the CAC s decision that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products had an adverse impact on our ability to compete effectively in China and elsewhere.
[24] Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and storage, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[25] The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[26] Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products.
[27] We may be unable to recover our investment in R&D or otherwise realize the economic benefits of reducing die size or increasing memory and storage densities.
[28] Accordingly, our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. 26 Table of Contents We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology.
[29] In addition, our ability to successfully introduce new products often requires us to make product specification decisions multiple years in advance of when new products enter the market.
[30] If demand for HBM weakens and suppliers shift capacity from HBM to conventional DRAM, this could result in a significant increase in conventional DRAM supply.
[31] An oversupplied DRAM market may lead to downward pressure on pricing, which could adversely impact our financial results.
[32] If we do not meet their product design schedules, our customers may exclude us from further consideration as a supplier for those products.
[33] Many factors may negatively impact our ability to meet anticipated timelines and/or expected or required quality standards with respect to the development of certain of our products.
[34] Unsuccessful efforts to develop new memory and storage technologies and products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
[35] We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions.
[36] Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, tariffs, trade restrictions, and other market conditions could result in shortages and higher costs.
[37] Additionally, difficulties in obtaining labor, skilled sub-contractors and other service providers or other resources could result in delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases, including costs to operate these facilities.
[38] Depending on the nature and extent of the impact from these risks, we may be unable to produce sufficient capacity in the expected timeframe which could result in delays in the completion of our construction projects and increased costs, including costs to operate these facilities.
[39] As we streamline our product portfolio, we may face execution risks that could impact our ability to support demand and maintain share in certain markets.
[40] Further, as we continue to optimize the efficiency of our fabrication facilities to support demand from leading edge notes, any delays in completion and ramping of new production facilities, or failure to optimize our investment choices, could significantly impact our ability to realize expected returns on our capital expenditures.
