[1] Our high generative AI, the metaverse, bots and virtual assistants. degree of diversification and our strong capitalisation The aim is to make processes more efficient and intelligent mitigate the risks we face, and will open up additional and to improve the customer experience.
[2] These impacts were assessed on the The materiality assessment determines which basis of the ESRS requirements and taking into account sustainability topics are especially important for Munich Re the entire value chain.
[3] , Liquidity risk Information Security and Compliance).
[4] Using quantitative regulatory requirements, the risk types specified below are risk criteria, we ensure that Munich Re has sufficient not explicitly quantified in our internal model.
[5] Qualitative risk liquidity available to meet all its payment obligations even management is very important for dealing with these risks. under adverse scenarios, with the liquidity position being assessed both for extreme insurance scenarios and for Reputational risk adverse situations in the capital markets.
[6] We define reputational risk as the risk of loss that may result Further information on liquidity risks in life and health from a deterioration in the Group’s public image among insurance business and in property-casualty insurance clients, shareholders or other parties.
[7] Reputational risk is closely intertwined with from insurance contracts. all other risk categories.
[8] The assessment of individual business transactions in terms of their reputational risk, Other risks where such risk is evident and could potentially be relevant, is performed at field-of-business level by reputational risk Economic and financial-market developments committees.
[9] Where a reputational risk could potentially have an impact across fields of business, other central and regulatory risks divisions may be involved in the assessment if required.
[10] Shaped by the United States’ protectionist foreign trade policy and a continuing high level of geopolitical uncertainty, Strategic risk the global economy again experienced subdued growth in 2025.
[11] While growth in the US weakened on average over We define strategic risk as the risk of making incorrect the year, it remained virtually unchanged in China.
[12] In business decisions, implementing decisions poorly, or being the eurozone, on the other hand, growth accelerated and unable to adapt to changes in the operating environment. the German economy also grew again after two years of Existing and new potential for success in the Group and the contraction, albeit at a very moderate rate. fields of business in which it operates creates strategic risks.
[13] At Munich Re, strategic risks are identified, assessed The decline in inflation rates in the eurozone continued and managed in a recurring process comprising a strategic in 2025 due to less sharp increases in service prices and dialogue in the Strategy Committee of the Board of slightly lower energy prices.
[14] Furthermore, inflation was close to the target set by the European the Group-wide annual (financial) planning process is Central Bank (ECB).
[15] Accordingly, the ECB continued its integrated into the strategic dialogue within the StratC. cycle of interest rate cuts in the first half of the year.
[16] The This annual planning process includes analysing financial interest rate for the deposit facility reached 2.0% in June sensitivities and risks as well as assessing the capital and remained constant over the rest of the year in view of management and risk strategy.
[17] These process steps are the sideways trend in inflation.
[18] Inflation also fell moderately mirrored in the ERGO, reinsurance and investment in the US in 2025 and approached the target set by the management fields of business.
[19] Although inflation stakeholders at different levels (Group, ERGO and remained above its target, the Fed did so partly in response reinsurance, and investment management).
[20] The above to the noticeable slowdown on the US labour market. processes ensure that the Board of Management addresses the strategic risks in detail and is well placed to monitor and manage them.
[21] Munich Re Group Annual Report 2025 Combined management report 53 Risk report For Munich Re, unexpectedly high inflation rates can have In addition, there are still uncertainties in the known risk a particularly adverse effect on its claims reserves.
[22] The trend towards inflation that behaves in a manner sufficiently similar to the fragmentation of global technological and economic the consumer price index is taken into account in the asset- spheres continues and increases the corresponding risks of liability management process and hedged using inflation- disruption. linked instruments.
[23] This is achieved through inflation- indexed bonds as well as other inflation-sensitive assets Munich Re is observing these developments very closely such as property, commodities and infrastructure.
[24] Claims and analysing the risks in regions where it has substantial inflation that is not linked to the consumer price index, on exposures on an ongoing basis.
[25] We conduct more in-depth the other hand, cannot be covered by the capital market. analyses based on specific crisis scenarios if the situation This risk is addressed by a conservative reserving approach. demands so that we can take risk-mitigating measures as In turn, the higher interest rate level in the eurozone necessary.
[26] In reinsurance in particular, we try to minimise compared to recent years provides significant relief for life geopolitical risks and uncertainties through our contract insurance companies with guaranteed minimum interest design and underwriting policy.
[27] Munich Re’s insurance rates and has a positive effect on the profitability and policies largely exclude war and war-like risks.
[28] The active solvency position of Munich Re’s life insurance companies. underwriting policy is managed centrally and adjusted if geopolitical events could have implications for our insurance We closely monitor the economic and political situation in business.
[29] Disintegration risks arise from the still highly divergent interests of European countries.
[30] At the Climate change represents the central sustainability risk in same time, greater mutualisation of sovereign debt could relation to the environment.
[31] The Munich Re Group counters become more attractive and German government bonds climate change-related risks by systematically taking them could lose their status as a “safe haven” and thus their into account in the (re)insurance business, in investments, market value.
[32] There is also a risk for US government bonds and in its own operations.
[33] In light of the risk mitigation in the medium term if there is a further significant increase measures we take as part of our risk strategy as well as our in US sovereign debt. risk modelling and pricing, we do not consider the impacts of climate change to be a material financial risk for Munich Re.
[34] Munich Re is heavily invested in the eurozone, and – in Further information regarding our views on and measures reinsurance in particular – in the US dollar currency area, to address climate change-related risks is available under a consequence of our global business activities in these > Combined non-financial statement > Environmental currency areas.
[35] At the same time, we prioritise maintaining information > Climate change. a correspondingly broad diversification of investments to cover our insurance liabilities.
[36] We take various risk Legal risks management measures to counter fluctuations in the capital markets that can lead to volatilities in the Group’s As part of the normal course of business, Munich Re own funds. companies are involved in court, regulatory and arbitration proceedings in various countries.
[37] The outcome of those or Geopolitical risks remain high and will continue to be very possibly imminent proceedings is neither certain nor relevant in 2026.
[38] There is also a continuing risk of escalation in the financial position of Munich Re.
[39] Such proceedings are Middle East, particularly between Israel/the US and Iran, dealt with using combined expertise within the individual which could have a massive impact on the global economy departments and units. and the capital market through rapidly rising energy prices.
[40] Munich Re Group Annual Report 2025 Combined management report 54 Risk report Solvency ratio under Solvency II quantified it with key figures.
