[1] Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also affect our business operations. 20 Summary RISK FACTORS We face risks and uncertainties related to our business, many of which are beyond our control.
[2] In particular, risks associated with our business include: We may not be able to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA or any of our product candidates if they are approved in the future.
[3] We may not be able to successfully launch and commercialize CRENESSITY.
[4] We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, the demand for our products may be reduced.
[5] Enacted healthcare reform, drug pricing measures and other recent legislative initiatives, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), could adversely affect our business.
[6] Such increases may not be sufficient and we may encounter difficulties with managing our growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[7] We may encounter difficulties as we expand and may fail to successfully develop or commercialize our biologic product candidates, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[8] If we are unable to retain and recruit qualified scientists and other employees or if any of our key senior executives discontinues his or her employment with us, it may delay our development efforts or impact our commercialization of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any product candidate approved by the FDA in the future.
[9] The loss of these suppliers, or delays or problems in the supply of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or our product candidates, could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully develop or commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates.
[10] We depend on our current collaborators for the development and commercialization of several of our products and product candidates and may need to enter into future collaborations to develop and commercialize certain of our product candidates.
[11] If third-party manufacturers of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is substandard, our ability to commercialize existing products, conduct clinical trials and develop new products could be impaired and our costs may rise.
[12] If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitors could develop and market products based on our discoveries, which may reduce demand for our products. 21 Our customers are concentrated and therefore the loss of a significant customer may harm our business.
[13] If we cannot raise additional funding, we may be unable to fund our business plan and our future research, development, commercial and manufacturing efforts.
[14] We expect to increase our expenses for the foreseeable future, and we may not be able to sustain growth and profitability.
[15] Risks Related to Our Company We may not be able to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA or any of our product candidates if they are approved in the future.
[16] Our ability to produce INGREZZA revenues consistent with expectations ultimately depends on our ability to continue to successfully commercialize INGREZZA and secure and maintain adequate third-party reimbursement.
[17] If we are unable to provide our sales force with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them inform and educate potential customers about the benefits of CRENESSITY, our efforts to commercialize CRENESSITY may not be successful.
[18] Further, any negative publicity related to CRENESSITY, or negative development for CRENESSITY in our post-marketing commitments or in regulatory processes in other jurisdictions, may adversely impact the potential of CRENESSITY and our commercial results.
[19] We face, and will continue to face, competition in the development and marketing of our products and product candidates from academic institutions, government agencies, research institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.
[20] Our ability to continue to commercialize INGREZZA and successfully launch and commercialize CRENESSITY will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available.
[21] In addition, we could also be subject to amendments in our rebate agreements with pharmaceutical benefit managers that require us to pay larger rebate amounts or modify our formulary position, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[22] As a pharmaceutical manufacturer, we are subject to various federal statutes and regulations requiring the reporting of price data and the subsequent provision of concessions to certain purchasers/payors, including state Medicaid programs.
[23] Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products, and our overall financial condition.
[24] Thus, changes in government reimbursement policies, government negotiation of the price of any of products, reductions in payments and/or our suspension or exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[25] If we are unable to obtain favorable pricing and reimbursement status in EU Member States for product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval, any anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for those products in the EU could be negatively affected.
[26] Because the development of our product candidates is subject to a substantial degree of technological uncertainty, we may not succeed in developing any of our product candidates, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and future growth prospects, and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
[27] Geopolitical tensions could also affect our ability to obtain supplies of our investigational products, which could cause delays or otherwise disrupt our clinical trials and research and development efforts.
[28] Any such changes to laws or the adoption of tariffs or other restrictions could impact our ability to contract with certain Chinese biotechnology companies, cause delays, or have other adverse effects on the development of certain of our research programs.
[29] Any deficiencies in the design, implementation, or subsequent upgrades of the ERP system could adversely affect the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or our ability to accurately maintain our books and records, provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, or otherwise operate our business.
[30] Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, or any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval in the future, will partially depend on our ability to manage any future growth effectively.
[31] We may not be able to accomplish these tasks or successfully manage our operations and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals.
[32] Our failure to accomplish any of these goals could harm our financial results and prospects.
[33] If we are unable to identify, recruit and integrate additional employees with the requisite skills, or effectively manage our transformation activities, the development of our biologic product candidates may not be successful, or be delayed or paused indefinitely.
[34] As a result, we may be required to change our regulatory strategy or to modify our applications for regulatory approval, which could delay and impair our ability to complete the preclinical and clinical development and manufacture of, and obtain regulatory approval for, our biologic candidates.
[35] We may be unable to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and healthcare companies, and universities and non-profit research institutions for experienced scientists and individuals with experience marketing and selling pharmaceutical products.
[36] In addition, we rely on a significant number of consultants to assist us in formulating our research and development strategy and our commercialization strategy.
[37] Side effects or adverse events associated with the use of our products or those of our collaborators may be observed at any time, including after a product is commercialized, and reports of any such side effects or adverse events may negatively impact demand for our or our collaborators products or affect our or our collaborators ability to maintain regulatory approval for such products.
[38] Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we or our collaborators will resolve any issues related to any product related adverse events to the satisfaction of the FDA or any regulatory agency in a timely manner or ever, which could harm our business, prospects and financial condition.
[39] We depend on a limited number of suppliers for the production (including API) of INGREZZA, CRENESSITY, and our product candidates and for the packaging of INGREZZA and CRENESSITY.
[40] For example, we depend on AbbVie for the manufacture and commercialization of ORILISSA and ORIAHNN and for the continued development of elagolix.
