[1] which may cause growth to deviate from the baseline scenario.
[2] Escalating geopolitical conflicts and hybrid warfare could trigger a European and Nordic recession as firms postpone investments, exports slow down and households cut spending due to weakening labour markets.
[3] Growth could also be depressed by a sharp correction in global equity markets amid rising concerns over AI stock valuations, which could further weigh on business and consumer confidence.
[4] Rapid de-escalations in geopolitical conflicts and an unwinding of trade policy uncertainty, on the other hand, may lead to a stronger recovery than assumed in the baseline scenario.
[5] Nordea is now following a more focused approach, with an emphasis on strengthening collective provisions as part of its comprehensive credit risk assessment.
[6] Under the revised approach, post-model adjustments of EUR 47m were made in the first quarter to account for emerging credit and model risks, while in-model adjustments of EUR 69m were applied for model-based allowances/provisions.
[7] The supervisory and governmental authorities disputes, remediation costs, losses and/or litigation. administering and enforcing these regimes make regular Specifically, Nordea faces potential claims related to the enquiries and conduct investigations with regard to provision of banking and investment services and other Nordea’s compliance.
[8] Areas subject to investigation may areas in which it operates.
[9] Currently, such claims are include investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), mainly related to lending and insolvency situations, various trade regulation and sanctions adherence, tax rules, investment services, and sub-custody and withholding competition law, consumer protection, governance, risk taxation matters.
[10] The outcome and timing of these considered likely to have any significant adverse effect on enquiries and investigations are unclear and pending.
[11] Accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that these enquiries and investigations could lead to criticism against the bank, There are significant risks related to the macroeconomic reputation loss, fines, sanctions, disputes and/or litigation. environment due to the ongoing geopolitical developments and trade tensions.
[12] Reduced consumer spending and In June 2015 the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority lower activity may particularly impact small and medium- investigated how Nordea Bank Danmark A/S had followed sized enterprises in certain industries.
[13] Depending on future the regulations regarding AML.
[14] The outcome resulted in developments, there may be increased credit risk in criticism and, in accordance with Danish administrative Nordea’s portfolio.
[15] Furthermore, potential adverse impacts practice, the matter was handed over to the police for on income could arise due to financial market volatility and further handling and possible sanctions.
[16] Potential future credit risks are indictment against Nordea in the matter.
[17] Depending on the duration and weak AML processes and procedures in the past and has magnitude of the situation, there is a possibility that Nordea made a provision for ongoing AML-related matters. may not be able to meet its financial targets in very adverse scenarios.
[18] In addition, Nordea recognises an increase in There is a risk that, in the event fines are issued by the risk of hybrid warfare impacting its operations as a authorities or by final court decisions, the related costs consequence of the geopolitical situation. could be higher (or potentially lower) than the current provision, and this could also impact Nordea’s financial performance.
[19] Nordea believes that the current provision is adequate to cover these matters. 53 Nordea First-Quarter Financial Report 2026 Q1 Glossary Allocated equity (AE) A framework to allocate capital held by Nordea to its Return on equity with amortised regulatory fees business areas.
[20] Return on risk exposure amount Allowances in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2 Net profit for the period as a percentage of average risk Allowances for non-impaired loans (stages 1 and 2) divided exposure amount for the period.
[21] Impairment rate (stage 3), gross Return on tangible equity Impaired loans (stage 3) before allowances divided by total Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity loans measured at amortised cost before allowances. for the period.
[22] Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital, accounted for in equity, is classified as a financial liability in the Impairment rate (stage 3), net calculation.
[23] CET1 capital consists of share capital, Net loan losses (annualised) divided by the quarterly invested unrestricted equity, retained earnings, other closing balance of loans to the public (lending) measured at reserves and accumulated other comprehensive income, amortised cost. after considering regulatory deductions and adjustments.
[24] AT1 capital consists of capital instruments that meet the Return on allocated equity (RoAE) applicable regulatory criteria after considering regulatory Operating profit after standard tax as a percentage of deductions. average allocated equity.
