[1] RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
[2] Poor economic conditions may result in a reduction in the demand for our products and services, including data, indices and corporate solutions, or could result in a decline in the number of IPOs, reduced trading volumes or values and deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies, which could cause an increase in delistings.
[3] Professional subscriptions to our data products are at risk if staff reductions occur in financial services companies or if our customers consolidate, which could result in significant reductions in our professional user revenue or expose us to increased risks relating to dependence on a smaller number of customers.
[4] A reduction in trading volumes or values, market share of trading, the number of our listed companies, or demand for our products and services due to economic conditions or other market factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
[5] We face significant competition in our Capital Access Platforms, Financial Technology and Market Services segments from other market participants.
[6] We face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings as well as from numerous financial services and technology companies for our Capital Access Platforms and Financial Technology products and services.
[7] We face intense price competition in all areas of our business.
[8] Additionally, we have also been, and may once again be, required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by competitors and new entrants, or due to new SEC regulations, which could adversely impact operating results.
[9] If we are unable to compete successfully in the industries in which we do business, our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected.
[10] System limitations or failures could harm our business.
[11] These consequences could result in service outages, including to our exchanges, lower trading volumes or values, financial losses, decreased customer satisfaction, litigation and regulatory sanctions.
[12] If these products and initiatives are not successful or their launches are delayed, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
[13] If we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms or the adoption of new technologies, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
[14] Because a significant percentage of our revenues is tied directly to the volume or value of securities traded and cleared on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading and clearing volumes or values would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results if we are unable to offset falling volumes or values through pricing changes.
[15] Declines in market share also could result in issuers viewing the value of a listing on our exchanges as less attractive, thereby adversely affecting our listing business.
[16] Expanded cybersecurity regulations, and increased cybersecurity infrastructure and compliance costs, may adversely impact our results of operations.
[17] Compliance with laws and regulations concerning cybersecurity, data privacy, resiliency and data usage could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties.
[18] Costs for bolstering cybersecurity capabilities, and increased cybersecurity and data privacy compliance costs, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
[19] Additionally, our clients increasingly demand rigorous contractual, certification and audit provisions regarding cybersecurity, data protection and data usage, which may also increase our overall compliance burden and costs in meeting such obligations. 20 The success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry.
[20] We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry.
[21] If we are unable to develop our platforms to include other products and markets, or if our platforms do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers, we may not be able to compete successfully.
[22] Further, our failure to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in emerging technology and customer preferences, such as trading and settlement of tokenized equity securities and ETP's or extended trading hours on our exchanges, o r any significant delays in product development efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results .
[23] Our AI initiatives and the use of AI in certain of our existing products may be unsuccessful and may give rise to various risks, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or operating results.
[24] As we integrate third-party AI models into our product initiatives and offerings, we face risks in how such third-party AI models were developed and deployed, including situations in which the third-party may lack a proper license or consent for the training data used for their model, or used insufficient safeguards regarding harmful content, accuracy, bias or other variables of the data.
[25] Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, reputation, or operating results.
[26] Failure to attract and retain key personnel may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
[27] Our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled professional personnel that can learn and embrace new technologies.
[28] There is no guarantee that we will have the continued service of key employees who we rely upon to execute our business strategy and identify and pursue strategic opportunities and initiatives.
[29] Our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace such persons without incurring significant costs or in a timely manner or at all. 21 We are exposed to credit, liquidity and counterparty risks from our clearinghouse operations and third-party relationships that could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
[30] Additionally, we face credit risk from customers, counterparties, clearing agents, and transaction and subscription-based revenues billed in arrears, as these parties may default due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure, or other reasons.
[31] The financial distress or failure of counterparties could result in negative financial impact, reputational harm, regulatory consequences, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.
[32] Credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
[33] A prolonged decrease in the number of listings, failure of existing SPACs to successfully complete transactions with target companies and dissolve or an increase in the number of delisting s, could negatively impact the growth of our revenues.
[34] RISKS RELATED TO TRANSACTIONAL ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, which may result in an inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.
[35] We may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at all, without incurring significant costs, delays or other operating problems that could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
[36] We rely on third parties to perform certain functions, and our business could be adversely affected if these third parties fail to perform as expected or experience service interruptions affecting our operations.
[37] We rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, cloud computing, data storage and processing, connectivity, data content, clearing, maintaining markets and exchange liquidity and other services.
[38] Upon expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party vendors, we may not be able to replace the services provided to us in a timely manner or on terms and conditions that are favorable to us, and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could be difficult or costly due to the complexity of our operations.
[39] To the extent that any of our vendors or other third-party service providers experience difficulties or a significant disruption, breach or outage, materially changes their business relationship with us or fails or delays for any reason to perform their obligations, including due to geopolitical instability, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
[40] If our cloud services from third party providers are unavailable to us for any reason, or there are cloud service disruptions or a delay or inability to access our exchanges, platforms or certain of our cloud products or features, such unavailability or delays may adversely affect our clients, which could significantly impact our reputation, operations, business, and financial results.
