[1] We discuss in this section some of the RISK FACTORS that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, value and results of operations.
[2] Nordson Corporation 9 Table of Contents Risks Related to Economic Conditions Changes in U.S. or international economic conditions, including declines in the industries we serve, could adversely affect the revenue stream and profitability of any of our operations.
[3] A general sustained slowdown in the global economy or in a particular region or industry or an increase in or continued trade tensions with U.S. trading partners could negatively impact our business, financial condition or liquidity.
[4] Our ability to conduct business can be significantly impacted by changes in tariffs, changes or repeals of trade agreements, including the impact of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement with Mexico and Canada, which replaced the North American Free Trade Agreement, or the imposition of other trade restrictions or retaliatory actions imposed by various governments.
[5] Changes to trade policies, tariffs, and other import/export regulations of the U.S. and other nations may create uncertainty in the global market and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[6] As a result, these government trade actions may create significant uncertainty in the global market and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[7] Significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates or change in monetary policy may harm our financial results.
[8] Any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business against the U.S. dollar could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[9] Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or customers located in or conducting business in a country imposing controls.
[10] Currency devaluations diminish the U.S. dollar value of the currency of the country instituting the devaluation and, if they occur or continue for significant periods, could adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
[11] Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Political conditions in and between the United States and foreign countries in which we operate could adversely affect our business.
[12] A protectionist trade environment in either the United States or those foreign countries in which we do business, such as changes in the tariff structures, export compliance or other trade policies, may materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our products in foreign markets.
[13] Failure to retain our existing senior management team or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully.
[14] If we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[15] To conduct our business, we rely extensively on information technology systems, networks and services, some of which are managed, hosted and provided by third-party business partners.
[16] Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures.
[17] It is therefore possible that in the future we may suffer a criminal attack, unauthorized parties may gain access to personal information in our possession, and we may not be able to identify any such incident in a timely manner.
[18] A breach in information privacy could result in legal or reputational risks and could have a negative impact on our revenues and results of operations.
[19] Any failure to manage data privacy in compliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in significant regulatory investigations, fines, and sanctions, consumer and class action litigation, commercial litigation, prolonged negative publicity, data breaches, declining customer confidence, loss of key customers, employee liability and other unfavorable consequences.
[20] A disruption in, shortage of, or price increases for, supply of our components and raw materials may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[21] While we generally attempt to pass along higher raw material, part and component costs to our customers in the form of price increases, there historically has been a delay between an increase in our raw material costs and our ability to increase the prices of our products.
[22] Additionally, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to competitive pricing pressure and other factors.
[23] Shortages in raw materials or our inability to pass along price increases could affect the prices we charge, our operating costs and our competitive position, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[24] The use of artificial intelligence can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies.
[25] Nordson Corporation 13 Table of Contents If our intellectual property protection is inadequate, others may be able to use our technologies and tradenames and thereby reduce our ability to compete, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[26] We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements and other contracts to establish and protect our technology and other intellectual property rights.
[27] Litigation may be necessary for us to defend against claims of infringement or to protect our intellectual property rights and could result in substantial cost to us and diversion of our efforts.
[28] Further, we might not prevail in such litigation, which could harm our business.
[29] Our products could infringe on the intellectual property of others, which may cause us to engage in costly litigation and, if we are not successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from selling our products.
[30] If we do not realize the expected benefits of any divestiture transaction, our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
[31] Any divestiture may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the dilutive impact from the loss of revenue associated with the divestiture, as well as significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
[32] If we fail to develop new products or enhance existing products, or our customers do not accept the new or enhanced products we develop, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected.
[33] Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new or enhanced products, or failure to gain market acceptance of new or enhanced products and technologies may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position.
[34] If we fail to make innovations, launch products with quality problems or the market does not accept our new products, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected.
[35] Nordson Corporation 14 Table of Contents Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we may not be able to execute on our acquisition strategy or integrate acquisitions successfully.
[36] In addition, an acquisition could adversely impact our operating performance as a result of incurring acquisition-related debt, pre-acquisition potential tax or other liabilities, acquisition expenses, the amortization of acquisition-acquired assets or possible future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets associated with the acquisition.
[37] Risks Related to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters Changes in United States and international tax laws may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[38] We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions.
[39] We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
[40] We are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the FCPA, UK Bribery Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other improper payments to private or public parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining an unfair business advantage.
