[1] Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
[2] In their business planning and in the management of their operations, NEE and FPL must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[3] NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
[4] Regulatory decisions that are important to NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors.
[5] Changes in the nature of the regulation of NEE's and FPL's business through this type or other types of legal activity, such as the repeal, revocation or reversal of existing laws, regulations or actions, could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[6] There can be no assurance that FPL or NEER would be able to respond adequately to the aforementioned state and federal regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[7] Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[8] Changes in the 24 Table of Content s structure of the industry or in such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[9] NEE and FPL are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require NEE and FPL to limit or eliminate certain operations.
[10] These violations could result in, without limitation, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements.
[11] The results of operations of NEE and FPL could be materially adversely affected to the extent that new federal or state laws or regulations impose any new greenhouse gas emission limits.
[12] There can be no assurance that NEE or FPL would be able to completely recover any such costs or investments, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[13] Additionally, any actual or alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions 25 Table of Content s and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties.
[14] Compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject NEE and FPL to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures.
[15] Both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[16] Changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including but not limited to, changes in corporate income tax rates and the qualifications for clean energy tax credits, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[17] These factors, including the ultimate resolution of income tax matters, may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[18] Unfavorable resolution of legal or administrative proceedings in which NEE or FPL is involved or other future legal or administrative proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL.
[19] FPL and NEE cannot provide assurance that the outcome of any allegations of violations of law will not result in the imposition of material fines, penalties, or otherwise result in other sanctions or effects on FPL or NEE, or will not have a material adverse impact on the reputation of NEE or FPL or on the effectiveness of their interactions with governmental regulators or other authorities.
[20] Failure to obtain the necessary approvals could result in the impairment of amounts capitalized.
[21] Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[22] Any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could have similar consequences.
[23] The operation and maintenance of NEE's and FPL's electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas and oil production and transportation facilities and other facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[24] A lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers or in customer demand for electricity or natural gas and other fuels may cause NEE and FPL to fail to fully realize benefits from pending and planned future investments and expenditures and could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[25] The productivity increases and competitive advantages NEE and FPL plan to achieve through the use of artificial intelligence (AI) technologies may not be realized and the use of and reliance on AI may present certain risks, both of which could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[26] Further, the regulatory environment governing AI is also evolving, and future legislation or agency rulemaking may impose new compliance obligations or restrict certain AI applications, increasing costs to comply with such requirements and failure to do so could result in regulatory enforcement, penalties or reputational harm.
[27] While AI technologies offer the potential to enhance operational efficiency, accelerate growth and lower costs, these benefits may not be realized and the use of and reliance on AI may present certain risks, both of which could materially adversely affect NEE s and FPL s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[28] A disruption or failure of electric generation, storage, transmission or distribution systems or natural gas production, transmission, storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent NEE and FPL from operating their business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above.
[29] Additionally, the actions taken to address the potential for severe weather such as additional winterizing of critical equipment and infrastructure, modifying or alternating plant operations and expanding load shedding options could result in significant increases in costs.
[30] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[31] Threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from geopolitical factors, terrorism, cyberattacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt NEE's and FPL's business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[32] NEE's and FPL's electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or otherwise be materially adversely affected by, such activities.
[33] Such events or actions may materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[34] The ability of NEE and FPL to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers.
[35] A loss for which NEE or FPL is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[36] There can be significant volatility in market prices for natural gas and oil, and price fluctuations could have a material effect on the financial performance of natural gas and oil producing assets.
[37] If supply costs necessary to provide NEER's full energy and capacity requirements services are not favorable, operating costs could increase and materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[38] If any of these factors materialize, costs to supply services may exceed revenues generated or be below expected return levels, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[39] Due to the potential for significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity, transmission rights and environmental and other energy-related commodities, NEE's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolio could materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
[40] NEE's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively its assets or positions against changes in commodity prices, volumes, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures, based on factors that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, NEE's control, may materially adversely affect NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
