[1] If any of the described risks actually occurs, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
[2] Such risks are not the only ones we face and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business.
[3] Risks Related to Our Operations and Business A substantial or extended decline in gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc prices would have a material adverse effect on us.
[4] A substantial or extended decline in commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, cash flows, access to capital, and on the quantities of reserves that the Company can economically produce.
[5] We may be unable to replace gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc reserves as they become depleted.
[6] As a result of these uncertainties, our exploration programs and any acquisitions which we may pursue may not result in the expansion or replacement of our current production with new ore reserves or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position.
[7] If our reserve estimations are required to be revised due to significantly lower gold, copper, silver, lead, zinc, and molybdenum prices, increases in operating costs, reductions in metallurgical recovery or other modifying factors, this could result in material write-downs of our investment in mining properties, goodwill and increased amortization, reclamation and closure charges.
[8] It is possible that in the future, high inflation in the countries in which we operate may result in an increase in operational costs in local currencies (without a concurrent devaluation of the local currency of operations against the dollar or an increase in the dollar price of gold, copper, silver, lead or zinc).
[9] Significantly higher and sustained increases in operational costs or capital expenditures could result in the deferral or closure of projects and mines in the event that costs become prohibitive.
[10] The laws and regulations governing mine closure and reclamation in a particular jurisdiction are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions which may cause our provisions for environmental liabilities to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations.
[11] Any underestimated or unanticipated retirement and rehabilitation costs could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
[12] Whenever a previously unrecognized remediation liability becomes known, or a previously estimated reclamation cost is increased, the amount of that liability and additional cost will be recorded at that time and could materially reduce our consolidated net income attributable to Newmont stockholders and potentially result in impairments.
[13] These and other risks and contingencies that are the subject of ongoing studies could result in future material increases to the reclamation obligation at Yanacocha, including, but not limited to, a comprehensive review of our tailings storage facility management, review of Yanacocha s water balance and storm water management system and review of post-closure management costs.
[14] Damage to our reputation may result in decreased investor confidence, challenges in maintaining positive community relations and can pose additional obstacles to our ability to develop our projects, which may result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects.
[15] Such increased transparency may result in greater scrutiny and impact how the Company is perceived.
[16] However, we are not always able to resolve these matters before they are raised publicly or in legal or regulatory proceedings and in the future we may not be able to meet the growing demands of stakeholders through these mechanisms.
[17] Such matters once publicized may negatively impact our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
[18] We do not have direct control over how we are perceived by others and any resulting loss of reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
[19] A successful cyberattack or other cybersecurity incident could result in production and operational downtimes, data corruption, and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information.
[20] In addition, we are subject to various legislation, regulations, directives and guidelines from federal, state, local and foreign agencies, that are intended to strengthen cybersecurity measures required for information and operational technology, and that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information.
[21] Failure to comply with any of applicable legal requirements could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, which could harm our reputation and have a significant effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
[22] Because we beneficially own less than a majority of the ownership and governance interests in NGM, we have limited control of NGM s operations, and we depend on Barrick to operate NGM.
[23] Although we continue to work with Barrick to improve the performance of NGM and will take appropriate steps to address this matter, any such disagreements could have a material adverse effect on our interest in NGM, the business of NGM or the portion of our growth strategy related to NGM.
[24] Joint venture funding requirements, as well as the ability of partners to meet their financial and other obligations, may result in increases to our costs and required capital expenditures and possible delays in joint venture activities.
[25] The Company faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could significantly disrupt operations and may materially and adversely affect its business and financial conditions.
[26] Reductions in our operational activities due to COVID-19, or another pandemic, epidemic or health outbreak, could result in additional sites being placed into care and maintenance for extended periods of time and/or have a material adverse impact on our business, or financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[27] If the majority of our sites are placed into care and maintenance, this could significantly reduce our cash flow and impact our ability to meet certain covenants related to our revolving credit facility and borrowing capacity.
[28] Financial Risk Increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations and capital controls may adversely affect Newmont s costs, earnings and the value of some of our assets.
[29] Change in the value of the currencies of the Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, the Mexican Peso, the Argentine Peso, the Ghana Cedi, the Papua New Guinea Kina, the Chilean Peso or the Surinamese Dollar versus the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our earnings.
[30] There is a risk that further changes in foreign exchange controls may adversely impact future revenue and profitability.
[31] Future funding requirements may affect our business, our ability to pursue new business opportunities, invest in existing and new projects, pay cash dividends or engage in share repurchase transactions.
[32] Our ability to raise and service significant new sources of capital will be a function of macroeconomic conditions, future gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc prices as well as our operational performance, current cash flow and debt position, among other factors.
[33] Our long-lived assets and goodwill could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations.
[34] Additions to asset retirement costs could result in impairment charges.
[35] A decision to reprioritize, sell or abandon a development project could result in a future impairment charge.
[36] Certain decisions or changes in circumstances could result in determinations that carrying value is not recoverable and could result in impairment.
[37] Our ability to recognize the benefits of deferred tax assets is dependent on future cash flows and taxable income.
[38] To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be impacted.
[39] Additionally, future changes in tax laws could limit our ability to obtain the future tax benefits represented by our deferred tax assets.
[40] If we are unable to maintain our outstanding debt and financial ratios at levels acceptable to the credit rating agencies, or should our business prospects or financial results deteriorate, our ratings could be downgraded by the rating agencies.
