[1] Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films and games.
[2] Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members.
[3] Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members.
[4] If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
[5] If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected.
[6] If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected.
[7] If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and accordingly, our revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected.
[8] If our efforts to sustain and improve our existing TV and film offering, as well as develop and expand our video entertainment options, are not done in a manner valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted.
[9] These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain members, revenue and our results of operations.
[10] If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected.
[11] Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
[12] We face competition from traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers and platforms.
[13] If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies more effectively to satisfy consumer demand, our ability to compete successfully and our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
[14] If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors and win moments of truth, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
[15] We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service.
[16] As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute.
[17] Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions.
[18] Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations.
[19] If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, including any advertisements, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected.
[20] To the extent our content, including any advertisements that may appear on our service, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted.
[21] We could also face consumer boycotts or cancellation campaigns, which could adversely affect our business.
[22] Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted.
[23] The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks.
[24] We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business.
[25] In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated.
[26] These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results.
[27] We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
[28] If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted.
[29] Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business.
[30] We are subject to payment processing risk.
[31] We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payments.
[32] If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition members or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention.
[33] If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements.
[34] The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.
[35] If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model.
[36] We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention.
[37] From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
[38] Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in content unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
[39] Our advertising offering is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect our business.
[40] Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us, including necessary distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute.
