[1] Stakeholder engagement is organized both at the corporate level and Hydro is exposed to risks associated with incomplete or inconsistent • More information related to Hydro’s customers and end-users. reporting on sustainability topics, including risks associated with in the business areas through local community meetings, bilateral greenwashing.
[2] Hydro’s identified material assurance activities performed by the external auditor are described sustainability topics are presented in the Materiality assessment in the assurance statement. section on the next page.
[3] Information on how Hydro’s business model adapts to manage material sustainability related impacts, risks Interests and views of stakeholders and opportunities (SBM-3) is presented alongside the disclosures provided in relation to each material sustainability topic.
[4] The integration of sustainability in performance Hydro’s impacts, and the views of affected stakeholders are incentive schemes (GOV-3) is described in the Remuneration report. integrated in the reporting on sustainability topics to Hydro management.
[5] Appendices information Impact materiality: Hydro’s potential and actual impact on sustainability topics across the value chain Drivers of positive impact 1.
[6] Engagement on business conduct, compliance, anti- corruption, and other sustainability topics. 4 E3 Water and marine resources Drivers of potential negative impacts E A.
[7] Such risks could result in flooding the source of electricity used to produce the metal.
[8] As this processing happens outside of Hydro’s control, our ability to influence these emissions are limited.
[9] and internal controls over groups and non-governmental organizations, suppliers, business reduce emissions in each business area. sustainability reporting partners, customer representatives, and industry associations.
[10] Hydro also engages and partners with sustainability experts from academia, • Assessment of the materiality of biodiversity and ecosystems in Hydro regularly assesses risk and controls over its sustainability and actively engage users of Hydro’s sustainability statement such Hydro’s operations and value chain based on the LEAP reporting process.
[11] The external assurance process is risk based, and the external auditors Information on Hydro’s engagement of affected stakeholders is provide feedback on their assessment of risks to the Board Audit described in the individual chapters Own workforce, Workers in the • Assessment of taxonomy eligibility, and alignment of Hydro’s Committee and Hydro’s management.
[12] There are also risks related to the accuracy of data engagement of individual stakeholders, national, and international No material errors in prior periods have been identified, but some inputs and manual errors in the reporting process from aggregating multi-stakeholder meetings, and through industry associations.
[13] The description of Hydro’s strategy, business model and value chain, Hydro’s external auditors perform testing on Hydro’s sustainability inputs, outputs, outcomes and the integration of sustainability matters reporting as part of the limited assurance provided over the and sustainability-related goals (SBM-1), is presented in the Our company’s sustainability statement in the annual report.
[14] Hydro consults the financial statement. affected stakeholders to identify, assess, and manage material social, health, safety, environmental, and economic impacts The description of Hydro’s governance bodies (GOV-1) and their associated with our activities and business relationships.
[15] Dialogue work to address sustainability matters (GOV-2) are included in the with affected stakeholders gives input to action plans to manage Governance chapter.
[16] Before major developments or large of sustainability related impacts and risks. expansions are undertaken, it is a requirement to conduct an impact assessment, in line with internationally accepted standards.
[17] In both The views of Hydro’s stakeholders are integrated in the materiality assessment that is updated every year.
[18] This includes the engagement with affected stakeholders, and their interaction with • Commodity and stock • Owners and shareholders principle of free, prior, and informed consent when indigenous and external sustainability experts and users of Hydro’s sustainability exchanges • The Norwegian government traditional peoples are involved.
[19] The overall strategy is supported by specific strategies on climate change, environment and Financial materiality is assessed in terms of risk of negative people.
[20] In addition, Hydro • National and international has included separate chapters on two Hydro specific sustainability unions topics: Human rights, and Legacy impact.
[21] The materiality assessment is based on input from Hydro’s sustainability and subject matter experts in group functions for climate, environment, social responsibility, health and safety, compensation and benefits, diversity, inclusion and belonging, compliance, and enterprise risk management, as well as input from risk management and sustainability functions in each business area.
[22] Involvement of the risk management resources in the materiality © Hydro 2024 70 General Content 1.
[23] Flood control from regulated watersheds 5.
[24] Secure employment, adequate wages, social protection, 1 2 3 career development, and an inclusive work environment E1 Climate change 6.
[25] Appendices information Financial materiality: Hydro’s exposure to sustainability related risks and opportunities Potential sustainability related opportunities for Hydro 1.
[26] Integrated value chain with traceable, secure material 1 1 2 3 3 3 supply, including recycled aluminium E1 Climate change 5.
[27] Providing customers transparent, quality information on traceable value chain E3 Water and marine resources E E E E E E Potential sustainability related risks for Hydro A.
[28] Regulatory, technology, and market risks associated E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems with the transition to net-zero GHG emissions F, G F, G F, G F, G G G B.
[29] Climate change related changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, water shortage, sea levels, storm patterns and 4 4 4 4 5 intensities, and temperatures E5 Resource use and circular economy C.
[30] Increased cost of non-GHG emissions and compliance H G H H with new regulations 6 6 6 6 6 6 D.
[31] Climate change related changes in water availability I I I I I I affecting electricity generation, cooling, operations or transport/logistics F.
[32] Impact on drivers of biodiversity loss, including land use S2 Workers in the value chain change, water use, climate change and pollution J J J J J J G.
[33] Supply of raw materials in a concentrated value chain K K K K K K I.
[34] Events of non-compliance with regulations, standards, G1 Business conduct or stakeholder expectations L L L L L L © Hydro 2024 72 General Content 1.
[35] Appendices Climate change to market prices for aluminium based products.
[36] Physical risks could Protocol and industry standards from the International Aluminium Why it matters result from climate related acute or chronic changes in rainfall Institute (IAI).
[37] The aluminium Hydro produces is a temperature changes. significant operations, such as Norway, Brazil and the U.S., as well as strategically important input material to many technologies that enable with regional structures like the European Union. the transition to a net-zero GHG emissions economy, including the Our approach development of renewable energy.
[38] Strategy and transition plan Hydro has a significant contribution on climate change mitigation Aluminium is an enabler for the transition away from fossil fuels and through its production of renewable energy, low-carbon primary Hydro’s climate strategy and transition plan is an integral part of its other activities that generate greenhouse gases.
[39] Hydro’s climate strategy work to reach its commitments to reduce GHG emissions.
[40] The electrolysis process in primary percent by 2030 and become a net-zero Hydro by 2050 or earlier However, the production of aluminium must become emission free aluminium production generates process emissions which can have a across the entire value chain to reach the global reduction targets set potential negative impact on climate change.
