[1] RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock.
[2] RISK FACTORS Summary The following is a summary of material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our common stock.
[3] OPERATIONAL RISKS We may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities.
[4] We currently conduct and may conduct in the future certain operations through a JV arrangement involving third-party investors that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays as a result of such arrangements.
[5] Failure to adapt to advances in technology, including alternative energy sources, and changes in laws or regulations to support such advances in technology or alternative energy sources, and our inability to manage such related costs could make us less competitive.
[6] We may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses.
[7] Fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs, or an inability to obtain an adequate, reliable and cost- effective fuel supply may impact our ability to meet customer demand.
[8] Failure to attract, retain or re-skill an appropriately qualified workforce, and maintain good labor relations, could adversely impact safety, service reliability, and customer satisfaction.
[9] Failure to effectively manage new initiatives and organizational changes.
[10] Actions of activist stockholders could negatively affect our business and stock price and cause us to incur significant expenses.
[11] Failure to comply with cybersecurity laws and regulations and the resulting impact on our reputation and business.
[12] The physical impacts of climate change and the transition to a lower carbon future are impacting our business and could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
[13] We are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities associated with the implementation and efforts to achieve our carbon emission reduction goal. 18 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC .
[14] RISK FACTORS FINANCIAL, ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS We have substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial condition.
[15] A drop in our credit ratings could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
[16] Adverse economic and market conditions, including increases in inflation or interest rates, recession or changes in investor sentiment could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
[17] The actions of regulators and legislators could result in outcomes that may adversely affect our earnings and liquidity.
[18] LITIGATION, REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS The outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation related to our business operations may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
[19] A failure to comply with changes in, or new or different interpretations of, the various federal, state and local laws, regulations, tariffs and policies applicable on our business.
[20] Liability from the failure to comply with existing or changed laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
[21] Changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof and challenges to tax positions could adversely affect our financial results.
[22] RISK FACTORS OPERATIONAL RISKS We may not be able to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments, or business opportunities.
[23] Operational, financial or regulatory conditions may result in our inability to execute our business plan or growth strategy, including investments related to natural gas and electric distribution and transmission infrastructure investments and our electric generation projects.
[24] Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects.
[25] We may experience supply chain challenges, including labor availability issues, impacting our ability to obtain materials for our gas and electric projects, as well as our ability to ensure timely completion.
[26] Additionally, operational, financial or regulatory conditions or other factors may result in our inability to effectively develop and implement our strategy with respect to the complex business opportunities associated with growing interest in data centers from existing and potential customers.
[27] These hazards and risks have resulted and may result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and/or the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial business and financial losses.
[28] Hazardous incidents have subjected and may subject us to both civil and criminal litigation or administrative or other legal proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, be resolved on unfavorable terms, and require us to incur significant operational expenses.
[29] As part of a JV arrangement, third-party investors may hold certain protective rights that may impact our ability to make certain decisions, restricting our operational and corporate flexibility.
[30] Any such third-party investors may have interests and objectives which may differ from ours, we may be unable to cause these third 20 Table of Contents N I S OURCE I NC .
[31] RISK FACTORS parties to take action that we believe would be in the JV s best interest, and, accordingly, disputes may arise that may result in operational impasses or litigation, including business delays.
[32] Advances in technology and potential competition supported by changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of electric generation and provide retail alternatives causing power sales to decline and the value of our generating, transmission and distribution facilities to decline, including our ability to recover our prior investments in such facilities.
[33] Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demand and expectations and evolving industry standards, including environmental impacts associated with our products and services, and to recover all, or a significant portion of, remaining investments in retired assets.
[34] A failure by us to effectively adapt to changes in technology, successfully implement such changes, and manage the related costs could harm the ability of our products and services to remain competitive in the marketplace and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[35] Furthermore, if these changes do not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demand and expectations, such failure could materially adversely affect our business model as well as impact our results of operations and financial condition.
[36] The failure of these or other similarly important technologies, or our inability to have these technologies supported, updated, expanded, recovered (including timely recovered), or integrated into other technologies, could hinder our business operations and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
[37] We face risks associated with aging electric and gas infrastructure.
[38] The age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs or unscheduled outages, despite efforts by us to properly maintain or upgrade these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment.
[39] Our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, is impacted by various events and developments affecting our industry and the financial condition and underwriting considerations of insurers.
[40] In addition, insurers providing insurance to us may raise defenses to coverage under the terms and conditions of the respective insurance policies that could result in a denial of coverage or limit the amount of insurance proceeds available to us.
