[1] Other sections of this Annual Report may include additional factors which could adversely affect NIKE's business and financial performance.
[2] Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 2025 FORM 10-K 9 Table of Contents Economic and Industry Risks Global economic conditions have in the past had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
[3] If global economic and financial market conditions continue to be volatile or deteriorate, the following factors, among others, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition: Our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers.
[4] In the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so.
[5] Continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain (such as cotton or petroleum derivatives) has had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability.
[6] If retailers of our products experience declining revenues or experience difficulty obtaining financing to purchase our products, this could result in reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, late retailer payments, extended payment terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense.
[7] In the past, certain retailers of our products have experienced severe financial difficulty, become insolvent and ceased business operations, and this could occur in the future, which could negatively impact the sale of our products to consumers.
[8] If contract manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing to purchase raw materials or to finance capital equipment and other general working capital needs, it may result in delays or non-delivery of shipments of our products.
[9] In the past, some customers have experienced financial difficulties up to and including bankruptcies, which have had an adverse effect on our sales, our ability to collect on receivables and our financial condition.
[10] A slowing or changing economy in our key markets, including a recession, could adversely affect the financial health of our customers, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
[11] Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our retail stores, suppliers, manufacturers, customers, distribution centers, offices, headquarters and vendors are located could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
[12] In addition, a natural disaster or severe weather event could negatively impact retail traffic to our stores or stores that carry our products and could have an adverse impact on consumer spending, any of which could in turn result in negative point-of-sale trends for our merchandise.
[13] Further, if we are unable to find alternative suppliers, replace capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations or quickly repair damage to our Information Technology Systems or supply systems, we could be late in delivering, or be unable to deliver, products to our customers.
[14] These events could result in reputational damage, lost sales, cancellation charges or markdowns, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[15] Globally, the expectations of regulators and other key stakeholders on corporate responsibility and sustainability-related topics continue to evolve and diverge, and our ability to meet these requirements and expectations could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
[16] Our ability to meet the expectations and requirements of key stakeholders, particularly in light of rapid changes in regulations, interpretations of existing regulations or consumer preferences, could affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as our policies and procedures relating to corporate responsibility and sustainability-related matters.
[17] Failure to comply with any legislation, regulation or policy, including as a result of making good faith interpretations that may differ from those taken by authorities in relevant jurisdictions, could potentially result in legal, reputational and operational risks.
[18] These efforts may in turn impact the availability and cost of key raw materials used in the production of our products or the demand for our products, and could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
[19] We may not be able to meet the diverse expectations and demands of all of our stakeholders, which could harm our reputation, reduce customer demand for our products and services, and subject us to legal, reputational and operational risks.
[20] Any perception, whether or not valid, that we have failed to achieve, or to act responsibly with respect to, such matters or to effectively respond to new or additional legal or regulatory requirements, could result in adverse publicity and adversely affect our business and reputation.
[21] RISK FACTORS, any of which could have a material effect on us.
[22] Business and Operational Risks Failure to maintain our reputation, brand image and culture could negatively impact our business.
[23] Our iconic brands have worldwide recognition, and our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image and reputation.
[24] In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media and digital environment, including our reliance on social media, digital advertising networks, digital and advertising technology, and digital dissemination of advertising campaigns on our digital platforms and through our digital experiences and products.
[25] We could be adversely impacted if we fail to achieve any of these objectives.
[26] Our brand value also depends on our ability to maintain a positive consumer perception of our corporate integrity, purpose and brand culture.
[27] If we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and develop new products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenues and profits.
[28] Our success depends on our ability to identify, originate and define product trends as well as to anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner so that our product offerings evolve and are responsive to consumer demands.
[29] Our new products may not receive consumer acceptance as consumer preferences could shift rapidly to different types of products or away from these types of products altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes.
[30] If we do not successfully market our products, if advertising and promotional costs increase or if certain advertising networks are no longer available, these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[31] We rely on technical innovation and high-quality products to compete.
[32] We rely upon specialists in the fields of biomechanics, chemistry, exercise physiology, engineering, digital technologies, industrial design, sustainability and related fields, as well as research committees and advisory boards made up of athletes, coaches, trainers, equipment managers, orthopedists, podiatrists and other experts to develop and test cutting-edge performance products.
[33] Our business is affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results.
[34] As a result, we may not be able to accurately predict our quarterly sales.
[35] Failure to continue to obtain or maintain high-quality endorsers of our products could harm our business.
[36] If we are unable to negotiate new, or maintain our current, associations with professional athletes, sports teams and leagues, or other public figures, or to do so at a reasonable cost, we could lose the high visibility or on-field authenticity associated with our products, and we may be required to modify and substantially increase our marketing investments.
[37] Poor or non-performance by our endorsers, a failure to continue to correctly identify promising athletes, public figures or sports organizations, to use and endorse our products and brand or a failure to enter into cost-effective endorsement arrangements with prominent athletes, public figures and sports organizations could adversely affect our brand, sales and profitability.
[38] There is a risk we may be unable to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers.
[39] A failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our net revenues and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance.
[40] Due to the high fixed-cost structure associated with our NIKE Direct retail stores, a decline in sales, a shift in consumer behavior away from brick-and-mortar retail, or the closure, temporary or otherwise, or poor performance of individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements and employee-related costs.
