[1] If any adverse events including those discussed above were to occur, a market or economic downturn may last for a long period of time, which could adversely affect our business and business continuity readiness, and can result in us incurring substantial losses.
[2] In addition, any changes to the monetary policy of the Bank of Japan or central banks in major economies worldwide, which could potentially lead to volatility of interest rate or yields may negatively affect our ability to provide asset management products to our clients as well as our trading and investment activities.
[3] We continue to experience intense price competition, particularly in brokerage, investment banking and other businesses. (1) Competition with other financial firms and financial services by non-financial companies is increasing We face intense competition in the financial services sector from a wide variety of competitors.
[4] We face intense competition beyond the traditional financial sector based on the increasing digitalization of the industry, not only with the rise of online securities firms but also FinTech companies and the entry of non-financial companies into the financial services sector.
[5] However, if the development and implementation of these business strategies do not proceed as expected, we may not be able to achieve the expected synergies and other benefits or recoup related investments.
[6] However, the risk remains that we may be required to incur greater costs and expenses than we expect, or to commit greater financial, management and other resources to the strategies than we expect, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[7] Furthermore, to the extent we reduce compensation or headcount as part of this strategy, our ability to attract and retain the employees needed to successfully run our businesses could be adversely affected.
[8] We may also be unsuccessful in designing a streamlined management structure, which could harm our ability to properly control or supervise our many businesses across the world. 3.
[9] Sustainability factors including climate change and broader associated policy changes in each jurisdiction could adversely affect our business We consider climate change one of the most important global challenges facing society.
[10] The direct impact of climate change (physical risk), and the resulting changes in the business environment (transition risk) could cause us to incur losses.
[11] Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition (3) Lowering of our credit ratings could impact our funding . * U.S.
[12] This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated, and we may be unable to properly assess our risks, and thereby suffer large losses.
[13] Prime Brokerage Event. (6) Our brokerage and asset management revenues may decline A market downturn could result in a decline in the revenues generated by our brokerage business because of a decline in the volume and value of securities that we broker for our clients.
[14] Separately, in the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of approximately 14 billion due to a failure to settle transactions between a subsidiary of the Company and a broker in the U.K.
[15] Issues related to third party credit risk may include the following: (1) Defaults by a large financial institution could adversely affect the financial markets generally and us specifically The commercial soundness of many financial institutions is closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions.
[16] This may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which we interact on a daily basis.
[17] Political or economic pressures in a country or region, including those arising from local market disruptions or currency crises, may adversely affect the ability of clients or counterparties located in that country or region to obtain credit or foreign exchange, and therefore to perform their obligations owed to us. 7.
[18] We may not be able to realize gains we expect, and may even suffer losses, on our investments in equity securities and non-trading debt securities We hold substantial investments in equity securities including private equity investments and non-trading debt securities.
[19] Moreover, while we may decide to dispose of these equity securities and debt securities, depending on the market conditions, we may not be able to dispose of these equity securities and debt securities when we would like to do so, as quickly as we may wish or at the desired price. 10.
[20] In addition, issuers of debt securities that we sell may default or otherwise delay the payment of interest and/or principal. 13 Table of Contents Such events may result in the loss of client confidence and lead to an outflow of client assets from our custody or preclude us from increasing such client assets.
[21] We may have to recognize impairment losses, as well as other losses associated with subsequent transactions, with regard to the amount of goodwill, tangible assets and intangible assets recognized on our consolidated group balance sheet which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 12.
[22] Despite this, there is a risk that we may lose liquidity under certain circumstances, including the following: (1) We may be unable to access unsecured or secured funding We continuously access unsecured funding from issuance of securities in the short-term credit markets and debt capital markets as well as bank borrowings to finance our day-to-day operations, including refinancing.
[23] An inability to access unsecured or secured funding or funding at significantly higher cost than normal levels could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity.
[24] In a time of reduced market liquidity, we may be unable to sell some of our assets, or we may have to sell at depressed prices, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
[25] Our ability to sell assets may also be adversely impacted by other market participants seeking to sell similar assets into the market at the same time. (3) Lowering of our credit ratings could impact our funding Our funding depends significantly on our credit ratings.
[26] This, in turn, could adversely affect our result of operations and our financial condition.
[27] Operational risk could adversely affect our business Operational risk is the risk of financial loss or non-financial impact arising from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, from a lack of appropriate personnel, from human errors, or from external events, and includes fraud, compliance, legal, IT, cyber and information security, third party, and other non-financial risks.
[28] We always face the potential of operational risk, and if materializes, it could adversely affect our business.
[29] Reputational risk could adversely affect our business Reputational risk is the risk of possible damage to Nomura s reputation and associated risk to earnings, capital, or liquidity arising from any association, action, or inaction which could be perceived by stakeholders to be inappropriate, unethical, or inconsistent with Nomura Group s values and corporate philosophy.
[30] We always face the potential of reputational risk, and if any of the events described in this Item 3.D occurs and such risk materializes, it could adversely affect our business outlook, financial condition, or results of operations. 16.
[31] If future material weaknesses are identified, we may be unable to provide financial information in our consolidated financial statements and elsewhere in an accurate, timely and reliable manner or requiring additional restatements of our consolidated financial statements or other aspects of our periodic reporting.
[32] Each of these factors may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 17.
[33] Misconduct, fraud or other criminal activity by an employee, director or officer, or any third party, could occur, and our reputation in the market and our relationships with clients could be harmed We always face the risk that our employees, directors or officers, or any third party, could engage in misconduct that may adversely affect our business.
[34] The misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of non-public information relating to us or our clients, such as insider trading, improper transmission of such information and the recommendation of trades based on such information, as well as other crimes, which could result in regulatory sanctions, legal liability and serious reputational or financial damage to us.
[35] Because of the broad range of businesses that we engage in and the large number of third parties with whom we deal in our day-to-day business operations, such fraud or any other misconduct may be difficult to prevent or detect, and our future reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected, which could result in serious reputational or financial damage to us in the future.
[36] A failure to identify and appropriately address conflicts of interest could adversely affect our business We are a global financial institution that provides a wide range of products and services to a diverse group of clients, including individuals, corporations, other financial institutions and governmental institutions.
[37] As such, we face potential conflicts of interest in the ordinary course of our business.
[38] A failure, or a perceived failure, to identify, disclose and appropriately address such conflicts could adversely affect our reputation, the willingness of current or potential clients to do business with us, and give risk to regulatory actions or litigation against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 19.
[39] Our business is subject to substantial legal and regulatory risks Substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause reputational harm to us.
[40] Also, material changes in regulations applicable to us or to the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our business.
