[1] Commitments, provided quantitative metrics and monetary amounts in our Alternative performance property that we could otherwise utilize for value contingencies and legal proceedings, of our consolidated sustainability related disclosures. measures creation; financial statements.
[2] This report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
[3] Loss of a single customer or impact on our service delivery, production sites or the Shares and shareholders market trends; contract, operator consolidation, unfavorable contract production sites of our suppliers/partners which are terms or other issues related to a single agreement may – Certain technology limits in key technologies or adoption geographically concentrated.
[4] The market for skilled Financial statements guarantees or financing to our customers or purchase systems and processes, or disruptions of services relying employees is increasingly competitive, particularly given our receivables could impair our capability to enter new on our or third-party IT.
[5] It is Sustainability Statement positioned for core and radio network technology and services leadership to lead the industry to AI-native networks and 6G.
[6] Shares and shareholders The new segment brings together a portfolio whose value creation is founded on mobile communication technologies Articles of Association based on 3GPP standards with a strong cash flow position Risk factors underpinned by IP licensing.
[7] As these measures are not defined in IFRS Accounting Standards, they may not be directly comparable with financial measures Definition Corporate governance Return on shareholders’ equity is defined as Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to equity holders used by other companies, including those in the same industry.
[8] Equity ratio % Risk factors Composition of return on capital employed %: Definition Significant subsequent events Equity ratio % is defined as (Total capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the parent EURm 2025 2024 2023 + non-controlling interests) / Total assets.
[9] Net debt to equity ratio presents the relative proportion of shareholders’ equity and interest- Composition of total cash and interest-bearing financial investments: bearing liabilities used to finance Nokia’s assets and indicates the leverage of Nokia’s business.
[10] Selected financial data Total capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the parent 20 967 20 657 20 537 Purpose Non-controlling interests 91 90 91 Operating and financial review Net cash and interest-bearing financial investments is used to indicate Nokia’s liquidity position Shareholders’ equity 21 058 20 747 20 628 after cash required to settle the interest-bearing liabilities.
[11] General accounting policies in the consolidated financial statements. excluding certain items of income and expenses that may not be indicative of Nokia’s business Operating and financial review operating results.
[12] Comparable operating profit is used also in determining management Sustainability Statement remuneration.
[13] Goodwill and intangible assets 230 6.1.
[14] Derivative assets and liabilities 247 Sustainability Statement 2025 278 1.3.
[15] Financial risk management 250 judgments 205 benefits 223 Auditor’s report 280 1.4.
[16] A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby whose functional currency is other than euro are translated into Judgment related to recognition euro at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the 2.5.
[17] These judgments, estimates and assumptions may have to the accounting standards issued by the IASB and endorsed by statements the functional and presentation currency of the Parent a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial the EU: Company.
[18] To enable this, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for Foreign exchange gains and losses as well as interest income Nokia will apply IFRS 18 from its mandatory effective date of Contents and expenses will be classified in the category where the presentation within the income statement, including specified 1 January 2027.
[19] Board review management-defined performance measures and aggregation Nokia does not expect there to be a significant change in the and disaggregation of financial information based on the identified ‘roles’ of the primary financial statements and the information that is currently disclosed in the notes because Financial statements the requirement to disclose material information remains notes.
[20] The consideration may include variable obligations. earnings per share is presented at amounts, such as volume discounts and sales-based or The standalone selling price of each performance obligation is the end of this section. usage-based royalties, which Nokia estimates based on the determined by considering factors such as the price of the most likely amount.
[21] The output measure selected by Nokia for each the period during which Nokia is expected to perform. one or more, but not all, performance obligations in a contract may vary depending on the nature of the contract.
[22] A performance equipment, ranging from managing a customer’s network and being licensed towards the customer includes new inventions obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. product maintenance services to network installation, patented by Nokia that are highly interdependent and Corporate governance As described in Note 4.5.
[23] Revenue concentration in any geographic area other than Nokia (1) In 2025, Managed Services business was moved from Cloud and Network Services recognized in the reporting period from performance Consolidated financial Technologies, which is included within Europe. segment into Mobile Networks segment.
