[1] —Oper- (ISC) team, which is headed by our Chief Security Offi- ational risks—Cybersecurity and data protection” for cer, has implemented enterprise-wide policies, pro- information on risks to Novartis from cybersecurity cesses and practices.
[2] The Risk Committee receives updates on has 25 years of experience as an IT professional, includ- cybersecurity risks, which address a wide range of top- ing 15 years with Novartis, and is responsible for our tech- ics, including recent developments, security incidents, nology strategy, delivery and operations globally.
[3] At least once each year, the Risk Committee responsible for oversight of the Company’s cybersecu- discusses the Company’s approach to cybersecurity risk rity strategy. management with the Chief Security Officer. ﻿ 163 Item 17.
[4] Goodwill and intangible assets other than goodwill F-32 12.
[5] The functional currency Actual outcomes and results could differ from those esti- of a subsidiary is generally the local currency of that mates and assumptions.
[6] The functional currency used for the reporting of ognized in the period in which the estimate is revised. certain Swiss and foreign finance entities is USD instead At the Novartis AG Extraordinary General Meeting, of their respective local currencies.
[7] The optional concentration test for the spin-off the Sandoz business, required the rec- allows for an election on a transaction-by-transaction ognition of a distribution liability at the fair value of the basis to account for the acquired business as an asset Sandoz business.
[8] Any resulting impairment of the business assets to control.
[9] The excess of the fair value of the total purchase be distributed would have been recognized in the con- consideration transferred over the fair value of the solidated income statements in “Other expense” of dis- acquired assets and assumed liabilities is recognized as continued operations, at the date of initial recognition of goodwill.
[10] These valuations require the the use of valuation techniques for the purposes of use of management assumptions and estimates, includ- impairment testing of the Sandoz business’ assets to be ing the value of comparable assets in the market, amount distributed and for the measurement of the fair value of and timing of future cash flows, outcomes and costs of the distribution liability.
[11] These valuations required the research and development activities, probability of use of management assumptions and estimates related obtaining regulatory approval, long-term sales forecasts, to the Sandoz business’ future cash flows, market mul- actions of competitors, discount rates and terminal tiples, and the opening share price of Sandoz Group AG growth rates.
[12] The section “—Goodwill and intangible on the first day of trading its shares on the SIX Swiss assets other than goodwill” in this Note 1 provides addi- Exchange, to estimate day one market value, and con- tional information on key assumptions that are highly sen- trol premiums to apply in estimating the Sandoz business sitive in the estimation of fair values using valuation tech- fair value.
[13] The section “— Goodwill and intangible assets other than goodwill” in this Note 1 provides additional information on key assump- Goodwill and intangible assets other tions that are highly sensitive in the estimation of fair val- than goodwill ues using valuation techniques.
[14] Goodwill is allocated to groups of Prior to the recognition of the distribution liability, these cash-generating units (CGUs) that is expected to bene- costs were recorded as prepaid expenses in the consol- fit from the synergies of the combination, which are usu- idated balance sheet. ally represented by the operating segment.
[15] Goodwill is For additional disclosures, refer to the section “— tested for impairment at the level of this group of CGUs Distribution of Sandoz Group AG to Novartis AG share- annually, or when facts and circumstances warrant, and holders” in Note 2 and Note 29. any impairment charges are recorded under “Other expense” in the consolidated income statement.
[16] Purchased intangible assets other than goodwill are Acquisition of assets and businesses initially recorded at cost.
[17] IPR&D is not amortized as it is not yet available ues could vary significantly from forecasted future cash for use.
[18] It is evaluated for potential impairment on an flows and related values derived using discounting tech- annual basis or when facts and circumstances warrant. niques.
[19] Once a project included in IPR&D has received market- ing approval from a regulatory authority, it is transferred to the “Currently marketed products” category of intan- Cash and cash equivalents gible assets.
[20] Quoted securities • Sales forecasts are remeasured at each reporting date to fair value based • Actions of competitors (launch of competing products, on current market prices.
[21] The major- exclusivity or other intellectual property rights protec- ity of non-quoted investments are initially valued at fair tion, and timing of the entry of generic competition value through the purchase price established between • Outcome of research and development activities (com- a willing buyer and seller.
[22] For goodwill, Novartis generally uti- business model criteria.
[23] Unrealized gains and losses, lizes cash flow projections for a three-year period based except exchange gains and losses, are recorded as a on management forecasts, with a terminal value based fair value adjustment in the consolidated statement of on cash flow projections usually in line with inflation rates comprehensive income.
[24] The risk mitigation is diately recognized in the consolidated income state- obtained because the derivative’s value or cash flows ment in “Other financial income and expense.” are expected, wholly or partly, to offset changes in the • Fund investments and equity securities of the Novartis value or cash flows of the recognized assets or liabilities.
[25] Venture Fund are valued at fair value through profit and The overall strategy aims to mitigate the currency and loss (FVPL).
[26] Unrealized gains and losses, including interest rate risk of positions that are contractually exchange gains and losses, are recognized in the con- agreed, and to partially mitigate the exposure risk of solidated income statement in “Other income” for gains selected anticipated transactions. and “Other expense” for losses.
[27] Inventories Exchange rate gains and interest income, using the effec- tive interest rate method, are included in “Other income” Inventory is valued at the lower of acquisition or produc- or “Other financial income” in the consolidated income tion cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis and net statement, depending on the nature of the item. realizable value.
[28] The valuation of a forward exchange Trade receivables are initially recognized at their invoiced rate contract is based on the discounted cash flow amounts, including any related sales taxes less adjust- model, using interest rate curves and forward rates at ments for estimated revenue deductions such as rebates, the reporting date as observable inputs. chargebacks and cash discounts.
[29] Options are valued based on a modified Black- Provisions for doubtful trade receivables are estab- Scholes model using volatility and exercise prices as lished using a forward-looking expected credit loss major observable inputs. model (ECL).
[30] The provision represents estimates of the intangible asset, usually when marketing approval has related obligations, requiring the use of judgment when been received from a regulatory authority in a major mar- estimating the effect of these revenue deductions.
[31] Such additional payments will be cap- and actual experience. italized if they are deemed to be compensation for the transfer to Novartis of additional intellectual property Net sales to third parties and provisions for revenue developed at the risk of the originator company.
[32] The provision represents from a regulatory authority in a major market. estimates of the related obligations, requiring the use of Costs for post-approval studies performed to sup- judgment when estimating the effect of these revenue port the continued registration of a marketed product deductions. are recognized as marketing expenses.
[33] They underlying shares or ADRs; expected volatilities; the are valued at fair value on the grant date.
[34] IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial statements, but it might change what an entity reports as its “operating profit or loss”, Impact of new IFRS Accounting due to the classification of certain income and expense Standards, amendments and items between the five categories of the consolidated income statement.
[35] It might also change what an entity interpretations in 2024 reports as operating activities, investing activities and No new IFRS Accounting Standards were adopted by financing activities within the statement of cash flows, the Company in 2024, 2023 and 2022.
[36] Novartis is currently assessing the impact of that had a material impact on the Company’s consoli- adopting IFRS 18. dated financial statements.
[37] Goodwill amounted to USD the total outstanding share capital of MorphoSys.
[38] Total 284 million. cash paid for the MorphoSys shares purchased by The results of operations since the date of acquisi- Novartis through to the end of the statutory two-week tion were not material. extension period of the Offer amounted to EUR 2.3 bil- lion (USD 2.5 billion).
[39] In August 2024, the delisting of the 1.04 billion and the fair value of contingent consideration ­MorphoSys shares admitted to trading on regulated mar- of USD 239 million.
[40] As a result, Novartis held 100% of the tion were not material. outstanding shares of ­MorphoSys and non-controlling ﻿ F-14 Notes to the Novartis consolidated financial statements interests in equity were reduced to nil.
