[1] Any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition.
[2] Many of these factors will be outside of the Company s control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect NRG s business, results of operations and financial condition.
[3] Volatile power and gas supply costs and demand for power and gas could adversely affect the financial performance of NRG's retail operations.
[4] The ongoing operation of NRG's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the Company's products to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity.
[5] NRG's inability to operate the Company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the Company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
[6] The occurrence of any one of these events may result in NRG being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties.
[7] Any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
[8] Any such event could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial performance.
[9] This may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial performance.
[10] This could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the Company's results of operations.
[11] These conditions could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[12] Maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on NRG's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
[13] Any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
[14] The unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity and financial condition.
[15] Any of these risks could cause NRG's financial returns on such new investments to be lower than expected, or could cause the Company to operate below expected capacity or availability levels, which could result in loss of revenues, increase in expenses, higher maintenance costs and penalties.
[16] In addition, the Company s failure to meet project-specific financing requirements under its TEF Loans could result in default or acceleration of debt repayment.
[17] The Company's inability to find a replacement contracting party where the original contracting party has failed to perform, could result in the abandonment of the development and/or construction of such project, while the Company could remain obligated on other agreements associated with the project.
[18] NRG's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations , and NRG's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the Company's quarterly and annual financial results.
[19] When the Company sells or buys power or gas forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the Company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties.
[20] Further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the Company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the Company's business, operating results or financial position.
[21] This trading activity may expose the 27 Company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
[22] An increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the Company's counterparties may negatively affect the Company's liquidity and financial condition.
[23] The laws of some states limit or prohibit insurance coverage for certain liabilities and actions, and any significant uninsured damages could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and cash flows.
[24] Further, any product liability claims or damage caused by the Company could significantly impair the Company s brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the Company s desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
[25] Advances in these or other technologies, including through AI, could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the Company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position.
[26] These emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on NRG's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[27] The Company s smart home services rely on innovation and any failure to adequately protect the Company s intellectual property underlying such innovation, or claims that the Company has infringed the intellectual property rights of others, could have an adverse effect on its business and operations and result in a competitive disadvantage.
[28] If the Company fails to acquire the necessary intellectual property rights or adequately protect or assert its intellectual property rights, competitors may manufacture and market similar products and services or convert customers, which could adversely affect market share and results of operations for smart home services.
[29] Attacks on NRG's infrastructure that breach cyber/data security measures could expose the Company to significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could have a material adverse effect.
[30] Changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect the Company s business and financial results.
[31] As a result, the Company could incur substantial losses in connection with a cybersecurity incident. 30 The Company s use of, or failure to effectively adopt, AI systems in its operations, services and products poses operational, competitive, cybersecurity, legal and compliance risks that could adversely affect the Company.
[32] Because GenAI is an emerging technology, deficient AI development, governance, or deployment practices by NRG or third-party vendors and service providers could result in unintended consequences, and the intended benefits may fail to materialize.
[33] Competition may have a material adverse effect on NRG's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
[34] Over time, the Company's plants may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants, which could result in asset retirements.
[35] The failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to NRG, the inability of NRG to source products and services on acceptable terms, if at all, and the failure of third parties to provide services to its customers that are necessary for the Company s smart home services could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial results.
[36] Negative publicity may result in changes in consumer preferences, increased costs in countering the narrative, or undue scrutiny.
[37] As a result, if the Company s brands or reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees.
[38] NRG's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
[39] Strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[40] The Company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
