[1] RISK FACTORS The risks set forth in the following RISK FACTORS could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements.
[2] Failure to complete the Mergers could have material adverse effects on the Company.
[3] In addition, if the Mergers are not completed, the Company could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Mergers or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against the Company to perform its obligations under the Merger Agreement, and whether or not any such litigation has any merit, the cost of defending such litigation may be significant.
[4] The materialization of any of these risks could adversely impact the Company s ongoing business.
[5] The Company is subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Mergers are pending, which could adversely affect the Company s business and operations.
[6] Such limitations could adversely affect the Company s businesses and operations prior to the completion of the Mergers.
[7] We have incurred and will continue to remain subject to incurring significant costs, liabilities, fines, and penalties related to the Incident and the Incident Proceedings, including amounts that may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
[8] As a result, our currently accrued amounts of estimated liabilities may be insufficient, and any additional, new or updated accruals could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
[9] New or additional governmental regulation and/or operational changes resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings may negatively impact us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve.
[10] The legislative, regulatory, operational, or other actions taken, protocols adopted (including by us), or changes resulting from the Incident or any of the Incident Proceedings may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve.
[11] Our inability to comply with the requirements of any new or additional laws, regulations, or operating protocols resulting from or related to the Incident or the Incident Proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, or operations.
[12] REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS Governmental legislation, regulation, and Executive Orders over commercial, operational, tax, safety, security, or cybersecurity matters could negatively affect us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve.
[13] Federal and state environmental laws and regulations could negatively impact us and our operations.
[14] Our inability to comply with the extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in significant liabilities, fines, or sanctions, including those related to the investigation or remediation of known and unknown environmental contamination, or otherwise adversely impact our operations.
[15] U.S. international trade relationships may adversely impact our customers, our industry, and our business.
[16] Any changes in tax and trade policies in the U.S. and corresponding actions by other countries could adversely impact our financial performance.
[17] Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies in the U.S. or other countries could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could materially adversely affect us.
[18] K15 OPERATIONAL RISKS A significant adverse event on our network may significantly impede our ability to operate and serve our customers.
[19] If we are unable to successfully execute on our strategic initiatives, our business and future results of operations may suffer.
[20] Our failure to successfully execute on our strategic initiatives may expose us to a number of risks, including, that our projected volume growth may differ from actual results, and prior capital investments based on our projections may contribute to excess capacity that could negatively impact our profitability.
[21] We face competition from other transportation providers.
[22] We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service.
[23] Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency.
[24] Such constraints could result in operational inefficiencies or adversely affect our operations.
[25] Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives.
[26] Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel, particularly for engineers and conductors, have negatively impacted and may again negatively impact our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service.
[27] Unpredicted increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate such risks and could negatively impact our operational efficiency.
[28] Constraints on the supply chain or the operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations.
[29] Deterioration in the supply chain or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies.
[30] Disruption to one or more of our key suppliers or manufacturers, including as a result of stopped or restricted production, labor stoppage or restriction, or significant supply shortage or outage could negatively impact our operating efficiency and increase costs.
[31] Volatility in energy prices could have a significant effect on a variety of items including, but not limited to: the economy; demand for transportation services; business related to the energy sector, including crude oil, natural gas, and coal; fuel prices; and, fuel surcharges, each of which could have a material impact on our business and results of operations.
[32] In addition, we may also experience a disruption in energy supplies as a result of new or increased regulation, as a result of war or geopolitical conflicts, weather-related events or natural disasters, or other factors beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[33] A significant variance in our expectations or projections could result in too much or too little equipment relative to our actual needs and volumes, thereby negatively impacting our operations or financial results.
[34] Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact our business by, among other things, preventing intercompany communications and disrupting operations that may result in direct or indirect monetary losses, damage to equipment or property, or loss of confidence in corporate competency.
[35] Any one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or operations.
[36] Although we maintain security programs designed to protect our information and operational technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks and we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach of our systems or equipment or disruption to our service in the future.
[37] In addition, while we have previously experienced technology outages and cybersecurity events that have impacted our systems and service, future events may result in more significant impacts to our operations, reputation or financial results.
[38] We also could be impacted by cybersecurity events targeting third parties K18 that we rely on for business operations, including third party vendors that have access to our systems or data and third parties who provide services and are in our supply chain.
[39] Such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and/or expose us to litigation or government action or increased regulation, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments.
[40] In addition, our failure to comply with or adhere to privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in government investigations and proceedings against us, or litigation, resulting in adverse reputational impacts, penalties, and legal liability.
