[1] If we are not able to efficiently and effectively resolve such issues in a timely manner, or if our chosen strategies are not successful, then our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
[2] Consequently, these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
[3] Our business may be negatively impacted by technological trends in our market or our inability to keep pace with rapid industry, technological, and market changes.
[4] Our business may suffer if we fail to keep pace with rapid industry, technological, or market changes, or if our products and services are not well-received in the marketplace.
[5] If the overall growth rate of industry declines, if specific markets we compete in experience reduced growth, if storage consumption models change, if our new and existing products and services do not gain customer acceptance, or if we do not adapt our sales programs to market changes, our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
[6] The global nature of our business exposes us to risks that could materially harm our operations, revenues, and financial results.
[7] Any increase in tensions between China and Taiwan, including threats of military actions or escalation of military activities, could adversely affect our or our contract manufacturers ability to source key supply chain components included in our products.
[8] In addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, and regulations related to data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity.
[9] We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations.
[10] These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
[11] Our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows.
[12] In addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets, liabilities, and cash flows that we do not hedge could have a material impact on our financial results in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to foreign currencies.
[13] Any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
[14] The dynamic markets in which we operate and our sales and distribution structure make it challenging to forecast revenues, and any disruption could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows.
[15] The loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a particular region, or the failure of our channel or strategic partners, including public cloud providers, to promote our products could negatively impact our operating results.
[16] Our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected if we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for new products and services while managing the transition from older ones, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality and support for our new products and services.
[17] If we encounter technological challenges, customer reluctance, or other obstacles that prevent us from developing, introducing and gaining market acceptance for new products and services, or if we fail to provide the expected level of product and support quality, our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
[18] As customers transition from older products to newer ones, delays or decisions to postpone the transition could lead to non-renewal of new offerings, impacting our ability to manage and forecast customer churn and expansion rates.
[19] If we do not manage these risks effectively, our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could face significant adverse impacts.
[20] Factors such as increased component and labor costs, pricing and discounting pressures, changes in component costs and product prices, or shifts in revenue mix and volume from different offerings could negatively impact our revenues, gross margins or earnings.
[21] An increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings.
[22] Failure to sustain or improve our gross margins may have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
[23] Non-compliance, even if inadvertent or without our knowledge, with these emerging regulations could result in legal and financial penalties, reputational damage, and operational disruptions.
[24] We face significant competition in the market and from other companies regarding such technologies. 17 We may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving ethical and legal issues presented by the use of AI before they arise.
[25] If regulation significantly delays or impedes the adoption of AI, we may not be able to meet our development goals or our sales forecasts.
[26] Increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
[27] We face competition from many companies, including established public companies, newer public companies with a strong focus on flash storage, and new market entrants targeting opportunities in GenAI and application data management for Kubernetes.
[28] Changes in customer requirements or increased industry consolidation could result in stronger competitors better able to compete.
[29] Transition to consumption-based business models may adversely affect our revenues and profitability in other areas of our business, potentially harming our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
[30] Additionally, the growing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may reduce overall demand for our traditional on-premises offerings sold through a capital expenditure (capex) model, which could negatively impact our revenues and cash flow, at least in the short term.
[31] Failure to successfully execute our consumption model strategy or anticipate customer needs could lead to a decline in our revenues and our profitability could decline.
[32] If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows could be harmed.
[33] Our success depends on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel to advance our corporate strategy and maintain key aspects of our corporate culture.
[34] Reducing, modifying, or eliminating our equity programs, or failing to grant equity competitively, may hinder our ability to attract and retain critical employees.
[35] The benefits we have received, and expect to receive, from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired business into our systems, procedures and organizational structure.
[36] Realizing the benefits we would expect to receive from a divestiture would depend on our ability to manage the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel, in addition to other risks.
[37] If we fail to make acquisitions or divestitures on favorable terms, integrate or divest the subject business or assets as planned, or retain or separate key employees, our costs could increase, our operations could be disrupted, and we could face additional liabilities, investigations and litigation.
[38] This could harm our strategy, business, and operating results.
[39] Additionally, the failure to achieve expected benefits from acquisitions or divestitures may result in impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets.
[40] Additionally, the return on these investments may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
