[1] The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face; additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect our business.
[2] In addition, the global macroeconomic environment remains uncertain, which may adversely impact our business, operating results, cash flows, and prospects.
[3] Summary RISK FACTORS Our business and an investment in our securities are subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects.
[4] General RISK FACTORS investors and other stakeholders expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors. 13 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to maintain profitability on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis.
[5] While we generated GAAP net income in fiscal 2025 and non-GAAP net income in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024, and fiscal 2025, we may not be able to sustain profitability in future periods.
[6] If we fail to grow our revenue or manage our operating expenses effectively, we may not be able to continue generating net income on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis.
[7] Our continued focus on growth may negatively impact our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in the near term.
[8] Adverse or uncertain macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions or reduced IT spending by our end customers may adversely impact our business, revenues and profitability.
[9] These conditions and events may adversely affect demand for enterprise computing infrastructure solutions and reduce the economic health and IT spending budgets of our current and prospective end customers.
[10] These factors may make it difficult for us to forecast sales and operating results, plan future investments, and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
[11] Some of these competitors have in the past and may in the future take advantage of their existing relationships with end customers, distributors or resellers to provide incentives to such current or prospective end customers that make their products more economically attractive or to interfere with our ability to offer our solutions to our end customers.
[12] As a result, we cannot assure you that our solutions will compete favorably, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects.
[13] We may not be able to capitalize on opportunities arising from Broadcom s acquisition of VMware and related changes to its product portfolio and business model.
[14] However, a variety of factors could adversely affect the timing and our ability to convert these opportunities.
[15] In addition, Broadcom may respond aggressively to our pursuit of these opportunities, and we may not be able to compete effectively across customer segments or geographies.
[16] Other factors that could limit our ability to capitalize on these opportunities include the length of enterprise sales cycles and customer evaluation of migration and interoperability considerations, and the availability of alternative solutions.
[17] If we are unable to capitalize on these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner, our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving, which make it difficult to forecast end customer adoption rates and demand for our solutions.
[18] Accordingly, our future financial performance will depend in large part on the allocation of spending in traditional IT markets and on our ability to adapt to new market demands.
[19] The IT infrastructure market supporting AI workloads is intensely competitive and rapidly evolving, and our ability to compete effectively in this space will depend on our ability to deliver differentiated, scalable, and AI-ready infrastructure solutions.
[20] In addition, these inaccuracies or errors may cause us to misallocate capital and other critical business resources, which could harm our business.
[21] If end customers do not adopt our solutions, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected.
[22] If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our solutions, our ability to grow our business and our operating results will be adversely affected.
[23] As we target some of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition, increased pricing pressure, deployment and customization challenges, and less predictability in our ability to close sales, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results.
[24] Given these variables, it can be difficult for us to estimate when an expected sale from a large organization, service provider or government entity may occur, and our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results may be adversely affected.
[25] If we fail to realize an expected sale from a large end customer in a particular quarter or at all, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
[26] Our sales of offerings that support external storage may negatively impact sales of our core HCI offering and alter customer purchasing behavior, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
[27] We have experienced significant growth in prior periods, and we may not be able to sustain or manage any future growth effectively.
[28] The failure to manage these changes could significantly delay the achievement of our strategic objectives.
[29] In particular, our success depends heavily on our ability to ramp new sales teams in a fast and effective manner and retain those sales teams.
[30] In recent years, we have also seen higher-than-normal attrition among our sales representatives and while we are actively recruiting additional sales representatives, it will take time to replace, train, and ramp them to full productivity, and if we are unable to do so, we may not be able to achieve our growth targets.
[31] We expect that our future growth will continue to place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources, and we may not be able to sustain or manage any future growth effectively.
[32] We also may fail to satisfy end customers requirements, maintain product quality, execute on our business plan, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects.
[33] If we fail to successfully execute on our plan to sell more cloud services, which are sold on a ratable subscription-basis, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
[34] If we fail to properly execute on our plan to sell more of our products and services as cloud-based offerings on a ratable subscription basis, our business and operating results would be adversely affected, and the price of our securities could decline.
[35] If we fail to develop or introduce new or enhanced solutions on a timely or cost-effective basis, our ability to attract and retain end customers could be impaired and our brand, reputation and competitive position could be harmed.
[36] Any failure to anticipate or develop new or enhanced solutions or technologies in a timely or cost-effective manner in response to technological shifts, including those driven by AI, could result in decreased revenue and harm to our business and prospects.
[37] In particular, if we fail to timely release new products, technology or services that we previously announced, our brand and reputation could be harmed.
[38] Significant developments in enterprise IT infrastructure technologies, such as advances in storage, virtualization, containers, networking, disaster recovery, edge computing, management software, and public cloud and hybrid cloud infrastructure solutions, may materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate.
[39] Any of these factors could make our platform less competitive as compared to the public cloud and could materially and adversely affect the demand for our solutions.
[40] Investing in our AI capabilities introduces risks, which, if realized, could adversely impact our business.
