[1] Operational Risks We are subject to many types of operational risks that could affect our earnings negatively.
[2] We are highly dependent on information technology systems, and networks, many of which are operated by third parties, and any failures of, or disruptions to, our or such third parties technological systems or networks could materially and adversely affect our business.
[3] Breaches of our security measures, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber-attacks, or other information security incidents may result in losses.
[4] A failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[5] We are subject to certain risks inherent in operating globally which may affect our business adversely.
[6] Failure to control our costs and expenses adequately could affect our earnings negatively.
[7] Credit Risks Failure to evaluate accurately the prospects for repayment when we extend credit or maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses can result in losses or the need to make additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
[8] Liquidity Risks If we do not manage our liquidity effectively, our business could suffer.
[9] We are subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision that impacts our operations.
[10] Changes by the U.S. and other governments to laws, regulations and policies applicable to the financial services industry may heighten the challenges we face and make regulatory compliance more difficult and costly.
[11] We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and security, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability.
[12] If we fail to comply with legal standards, we could incur liability to our clients or lose clients, which could affect our earnings negatively.
[13] If we do not develop and execute strategic plans successfully, our growth may be impacted negatively.
[14] We are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our businesses, which could have a negative effect on our ability to maintain satisfactory prices and grow our earnings.
[15] Damage to our reputation could have a direct and negative effect on our ability to compete, grow and generate revenue.
[16] We need to invest in innovation constantly, and the inability or failure to do so may affect our businesses and earnings negatively.
[17] Failure to understand or appreciate fully the risks associated with development or delivery of new product and service offerings may affect our businesses and earnings negatively.
[18] Our operations, businesses and clients could be materially adversely affected by the effects of climate change or concerns related thereto.
[19] Other Risks The systems and models we employ to analyze, monitor and mitigate risks, as well as for other business purposes, are inherently limited, may not be effective in all cases and, in any case, cannot eliminate all risks that we face.
[20] Changes in accounting standards may be difficult to predict and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
[21] Poor absolute or relative investment performance in funds or client accounts that we manage or in investment products that we design or provide could result in declines in the market values of portfolios that we manage and/or administer and could affect our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients.
[22] Accordingly, market risks have, from time to time, negatively affected the value of securities held in our investment portfolio and in the future we could suffer additional adverse effects as a result of our failure to anticipate and manage these risks properly.
[23] Foreign currency volatility and changes in client activity may result in reduced foreign exchange trading income.
[24] Nonetheless, if we fail to provide the appropriate environment that sensitizes all of our employees to managing risk, our business could be impacted adversely.
[25] We are highly dependent on information technology systems and networks, many of which are operated by third parties, and any failures of, or disruptions to, our or such third parties technological systems or networks could materially and adversely affect our business.
[26] Any failure, interruption or breach in the security of any such systems or networks could severely disrupt our operations and could subject us to liability claims, harm our reputation, interrupt our operations, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[27] Any failure, interruption or breach in the security of our systems could severely disrupt our operations and could subject us to liability claims, harm our reputation, interrupt our operations, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[28] If we fail to continue to upgrade our technology infrastructure to ensure effective data privacy and security relative to the type, size and complexity of our operations, we could become more vulnerable to cyber-attacks and other information security incidents and, consequently, subject to significant regulatory penalties and reputational damage.
[29] Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems and networks change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, to implement adequate preventative measures, or to address them until they are discovered.
[30] A breach of our security also may affect adversely our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business.
[31] Failure to manage or mitigate operational risks properly can have adverse consequences, and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the magnitude of resulting losses.
[32] Failure to ensure adequate review and consideration of critical business and regulatory issues prior to and during the introduction and deployment of key technological systems or networks or failure to align operational capabilities adequately with evolving client commitments and expectations may have a negative impact on our results of operations.
[33] Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[34] While we have established risk management processes and continuity plans, any disruptions in service from a key vendor for any reason or poor performance of services have in the past and could in the future have a negative effect on our ability to deliver products and services to our clients and conduct our business.
[35] Replacing these third-party vendors or performing the tasks they perform for ourselves has in the past and could in the future create significant delay and expense. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION 21 We are subject to certain risks inherent in operating globally which may affect our business adversely.
[36] Our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market and manage our relationships with regulators could have an adverse effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally.
[37] The failure to mitigate properly such risks or the failure of our operating infrastructure to support such international activities could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions, which could affect our business and results of operations adversely.
[38] For example, in some jurisdictions such as the Russian Federation, local market restrictions, laws, sanctions programs or government intervention inhibit our clients and our ability to access or transfer cash or securities held for clients through subcustodians and clearing agencies.
[39] Our failure to manage successfully the liquidity and balance sheet issues attendant to this portion of our business may have a negative impact on our ability to meet client needs and grow.
[40] However, our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, will depend on a number of factors, including the state of the financial markets.
