[1] The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[2] Industry Specific RISK FACTORS Overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports into the United States, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows .
[3] Our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[4] As a result, downturns in the U.S. economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[5] Future economic downturns, prolonged slow growth or stagnation in the economy, a sector-specific slowdown in one of our key end-use markets, such as nonresidential construction, or changes in inflation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, especially in light of the capital-intensive nature of our business.
[6] Competition from other steel producers, imports or alternative materials may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[7] We face ongoing competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price, quality and service.
[8] Depending on a variety of factors, including the cost and availability of raw materials, energy, technology, labor, transportation and capital costs, currency exchange rates, government subsidies of foreign steel producers and other global political and economic factors, our business may be materially adversely affected by more intense competitive forces.
[9] Increased use or availability of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products. 19 Our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements.
[10] Changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[11] We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products.
[12] They are often affected by weather, political, regulatory and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our products to offset increased energy costs.
[13] Disruptions, including physical or information systems related issues, that impact the supply of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers.
[14] Increases in our energy costs that are not similarly applicable to our competitors' operations could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[15] We rely to an extent on outside vendors to supply us with key consumables such as graphite electrodes, alloys and other raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes (e.g., prime scrap, pig iron and DRI) that are critical to the manufacture of our steel products.
[16] At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us.
[17] This trade practice creates an artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers that could limit our ability to compete in the U.S. market.
[18] In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer 20 orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials or pass along increased transportation costs.
[19] Also, if we are unable to obtain adequate, cost-effective and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products.
[20] This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, experience margin compressions or suffer harm to our reputation and customer relationships, any of which may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[21] The regulation of these GHGs may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[22] Significant changes to the regional power grids serving our steel mills and/or new rulemaking or legislation affecting the operation of these power grids may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[23] Environmental regulation compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our competitive position.
[24] Resulting cancellations, delays or unanticipated costs to these projects could negatively impact our ability to generate expected returns on our investments.
[25] General RISK FACTORS We are subject to information technology and cybersecurity threats which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
[26] Despite efforts to assure secure and uninterrupted operations, threats from increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks or system failures could result in materially adverse operational disruptions or security breaches of our systems or those of our third-party service providers.
[27] These risks could result in disclosure or destruction of key proprietary information or personal data or reputational damage, theft of assets or trade secrets, or could adversely affect our ability to physically produce or transport steel, resulting in lost revenues, as well as delays in reporting our financial results.
[28] Realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations, effectively identify and manage risks, and cooperate with our strategic partners.
[29] Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses or otherwise fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions.
[30] Risks associated with operating in international markets may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[31] These risks could restrict our ability to operate 22 our international businesses profitably and therefore have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
[32] Pandemics, epidemics and other public health emergencies in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[33] The accounting treatment of equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings.
[34] Tax increases and changes in tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities may negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows.
[35] If we are unsuccessful in any of these matters, we may be required to pay taxes for prior periods, interest, fines or penalties. 23 We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks .
[36] Notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in respect of various issues, including regulatory, safety, environmental, employment, transportation, intellectual property, contractual, import/export, international trade and governmental matters that arise in the course of our business and in our industry.
[37] A negative outcome in an unusual or significant legal proceeding or compliance investigation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
