[1] Any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the Company s common stock.
[2] Macroeconomic and Market Conditions and Other Events Outside the Company s Control May Adversely Affect the Company s Business.
[3] The settlements are also being appealed, and the Company cannot predict the final outcomes of these matters or any future lawsuits, which could result in additional changes that impact the industry.
[4] Certain of these platforms also control significant technologies such as ad servers on which the Company s digital advertising operations rely, and interruptions or changes affecting these technologies, including the economic terms, could adversely impact advertising revenues and/or operating costs.
[5] Advertising sales are also dependent on the accurate measurement of demand for the Company s products and services, and any difficulty or failure in doing so, particularly for digital offerings or across multiple platforms, may adversely impact advertising volume and rates or, in the case of inaccuracies, the Company s reputation and relationships with advertisers.
[6] Divestitures involve other significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, including disruption to its business, loss of key employees, renegotiation or termination of key business relationships and difficulties in separating the operations of the divested business.
[7] Any Significant Increase in the Cost to Print and Distribute the Company s Books and Newspapers or Disruption in the Company s Supply Chain or Printing and Distribution Channels May Adversely Affect the Company s Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
[8] AI algorithms, models and data may have limitations, including biases, errors or the inability to handle certain data types or scenarios.
[9] The Company s International Operations Expose it to Additional Risks That Could Adversely Affect its Business, Operating Results and Financial Condition.
[10] Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the Company s international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
[11] An Inability to Attract and Retain the Right Talent and Cultivate Their Performance Could Adversely Affect the Company s Business.
[12] Failure by the Company to Protect Certain Intellectual Property and Brands, or Infringement Claims by Third Parties, Could Adversely Impact the Company s Business, Results of Operation and Financial Condition.
[13] These and other efforts to protect and enforce the Company s intellectual property rights are costly, and any failure by the Company or its licensors and suppliers to effectively protect and enforce its or their intellectual property or brands, or any infringement claims by third parties, could adversely impact the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition.
[14] However, there is no assurance that cybersecurity threats or incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future.
[15] Failure to Comply with Complex and Evolving Laws and Regulations, Industry Standards and Contractual Obligations Regarding Privacy, Data Use and Data Protection Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Company s Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
[16] Risks Related to Financial Results and Position The Indebtedness of the Company and/or Certain of its Subsidiaries May Affect Their Ability to Operate Their Businesses, and May Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company s Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
[17] Any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or other long-lived assets could result in impairments for which non-cash charges would be required, and any such charge could be material to the Company s reported results of operations.
[18] The Company Could Be Subject to Significant Additional Tax Liabilities, Which Could Adversely Affect its Operating Results and Financial Condition.
[19] As a result, the Company may be required to recognize additional charges in its Statements of Operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
[20] See The Company s Use of AI may Expose it to Certain Risks, Which Could Adversely Affect its Business, Reputation or Financial Results.
[21] The Company may incur substantial costs or be required to modify its business practices, implement new reporting processes and devote substantial management attention in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities and reputational damage in the event of any failure to comply, including as a result of conflicting requirements.
[22] This could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to FOX instead of the Company.
