[1] Significantly increased volatility and instability and unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect our business.
[2] We may be unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of cycles or their effect on our financial condition or result of operations and can give no assurance as to the timing, extent or duration of the current or future business cycles generally, or specific to the markets in which we participate.
[3] Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, demand rebounded across all end markets more quickly than anticipated and accelerated through the third quarter of 2022, resulting in our inability to fully satisfy customer demand.
[4] In the event of a future decline in global economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and the resulting economic decline might disproportionately affect the markets in which we participate, further exacerbating a decline in our results of operations.
[5] If we fail to introduce new technologies and products in a timely manner, this could adversely affect our business.
[6] Accordingly, the success of our business depends to a significant extent on our ability to develop new technologies and products that are ultimately successful in the market.
[7] The costs related to the research and development necessary to develop new technologies and products are significant and subject to increase due to current and expected inflation and any reduction of our research and development budget could harm our competitiveness.
[8] In addition, AI and machine learning are still in relatively early stages, and the introduction and incorporation of AI technologies may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities.
[9] If we are unable to successfully develop new products, our revenue may decline substantially.
[10] If these competitors increase the resources they devote to developing and marketing their products, we may not be able to compete effectively.
[11] As a result of these competitive pressures, we may face declining sales volumes or lower prevailing prices for our products, and we may not be able to reduce our total costs in line with this declining revenue.
[12] If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[13] If customers do not purchase products made specifically for them, we may not be able to resell such products to other customers or may not be able to require the customers who have ordered these products to pay a cancellation fee.
[14] The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[15] Moreover, we may not be able to cease production of such products, either due to contractual obligations or for customer relationship reasons, and as a result may be required to bear reduced profitability, or even a loss on such products.
[16] Should reductions in our manufacturing costs fail to keep pace with reductions in market prices for the products we sell, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[17] Risks related to our business operations In many of the market segments in which we compete, we depend on winning selection processes, and failure to be selected could adversely affect our business in those market segments.
[18] Failure to win new design projects and delays in developing new products with anticipated technological advances or in commencing volume shipments of these products may have an adverse effect on our business.
[19] This risk is particularly pronounced in markets where there are only a few potential customers and in the automotive market, where, due to the longer design cycles involved, failure to win a design-in could prevent access to a customer for several years.
[20] Our failure to win a sufficient number of these bids could result in reduced revenue and hurt our competitive position in future selection processes because we may not be perceived as being a technology or industry leader, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[21] Recently announced and future tariffs and other trade restrictions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[22] While the results of this investigation remain unknown, it is expected to result in additional tariffs and trade restrictions that may adversely impact our business.
[23] Any of these impacts or changes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[24] Any future determination of impairment of goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and stockholders equity. 19 In difficult market conditions, our high fixed costs combined with low revenue may negatively affect our results of operations.
[25] In less favorable industry environments, like we faced in the first half of 2020, we are generally faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in demand for our products.
[26] If the global economy remains volatile, our revenues could decline and we may be forced to take cost savings steps that could result in additional charges and materially affect our business.
[27] The impact of future negotiations and consultation processes with employee representatives could have a material impact on our financial results.
[28] Also, if we fail to extend or renegotiate our labor agreements and social plans, if significant disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage, we could incur higher ongoing labor costs or experience a significant disruption of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[29] We may be named in product liability claims even if there is no evidence that our products caused the damage in question, and such claims could result in significant costs and expenses relating to attorneys fees and damages.
[30] We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products.
[31] This, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation.
[32] Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[33] We rely on the timely supply of equipment and materials and could suffer if suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations or raise prices.
[34] A failure by our suppliers to deliver our requirements could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations.
[35] Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of quality equipment or materials in a timely manner or if there are significant increases in the costs of equipment or materials due to current or expected inflation, trade restrictions or other reasons and we are not able to increase the price of our products.
[36] Failure of our third party suppliers to perform could adversely affect our results of operations.
[37] In addition, purchasing rather than manufacturing these products may adversely affect our gross profit margin if the purchase costs of these products are higher than our own manufacturing costs would have been or if we are not able to increase the price of our products to reflect the higher input costs.
[38] Furthermore, these outsourcing costs can vary materially from quarter to quarter and, in cases of industry shortages like we experienced in 2022, they can increase significantly, which may negatively affect our gross profit if we are not able to increase the price of our products.
[39] The failure of these suppliers to perform under these agreements or an unexpected reduction in demand for these products could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[40] Disruptions in our relationships with any one of our key customers could adversely affect our business.
