[1] The alternative to price increases, lowering profitability, would jeopardise the viability of individual stores, diminish our ability to invest in the business, and undermine our central mission to deliver sustainable growth in EPS.
[2] Simon was appointed role was Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of the NEXT Chief Operating Officer of the Reiss Brand in 1999 before his Group, where he played a critical appointment as Chief Executive. role, not least in negotiating and implementing the transition to Total Platform.
[3] Annette Managing Director and Chief businesses, and served on the company and knowledge of digital Governance was chair of WH Smith until Financial Officer of Capital & Boards of those companies and and cyber security.
[4] She has roles at Visa Inc. from 2018 to 2025 considerable transformation and RETIRING FROM THE BOARD RETIRING FROM THE BOARD and Vodafone plc from 1994 to M&A experience at both executive May 2026 May 2026 2017. and non-executive level and is a qualified chartered accountant.
[5] Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. 112 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Chairman’s introduction effect from 21 May 2026.
[6] NEXT remains committed to prioritising actions that simultaneously and maintain continuity and stability throughout the promote the Company's success, consistently seeking to achieve this Senior Independent Director transition. through its governance framework in an appropriate manner.
[7] Effective succession and contingency planning has statement of compliance and supporting disclosures on pages 114 to enabled the smooth transition of Board appointments during the 120. year.
[8] Jane Shields will step down from the Board with effect from 21 May 2026, leaving the Company later in the year to ensure an orderly transition of her responsibilities.
[9] Rather than delegation to an investor relations page 81 and the Non-Financial Information and Sustainability team, Lord Wolfson and Jonathan Blanchard, as Chief Executive and Statement summarises the Company’s supporting policies on pages Chief Financial Officer respectively, engage directly with investors 106 to 107.
[10] Our Financial Statements discussions, we concluded that NEXT could usefully enhance its colleagues do not need permission to take decisions; taking sensible disclosure of wage setting principles and practices.
[11] Policy and have incorporated their feedback into the final proposed Policy, which will be tabled for shareholder approval at our May This approach to decision-making and accountability directly shapes 2026 AGM.
[12] A summary of the key policies in place relating to non-financial and sustainability information can be found on pages 106 to 107.
[13] Risk management and internal controls The Board maintains a balanced approach to risk within a framework of effective controls and takes into account the interests of a diverse range of stakeholders.
[14] It is responsible for keeping the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal controls under review – see page 120.
[15] The Board retains primary accountability for the strategic risks and opportunities associated with technology and artificial intelligence, including our major technology and automation investments.
[16] The Chief Executive reports all material matters affecting the Group and its performance at each Board meeting.
[17] Michael Roney, the Chairman, met the independence As announced on 9 January 2026, Annette Court will take over the requirements set out in the Code on his appointment in 2017. role of Senior Independent Director from Jonathan Bewes with effect from our 2026 AGM, on 21 May 2026.
[18] As outlined on page 113, the Board has recommended an extension to the Chairman’s tenure for a period of up to 18 months to facilitate a smooth transition for the Senior Independent Director role and ensure that departures from key Board positions are appropriately staggered.
[19] These are also available ● Reviews and monitors the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework Financial Statements on the corporate website. and the systems of internal controls (including whistleblowing and anti-fraud procedures). ● Reviews and monitors the effectiveness and independence of the external and internal The Chairman, Chief Executive and auditors.
[20] This and other meetings also focus on risk management of business areas in respect of the NEXT Brand, including product, sales, customer experience, property and stores, warehousing, systems and personnel. 117 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Review of directors’ performance ● Monitoring implementation of its policies by the Chief Executive.
[21] This includes scrutiny business, control and risk environment and enhance their of performance against clear financial objectives. contribution to the Board and its Committees.
[22] Company’s registered office during normal business hours or on ● Providing effective leadership. request. ● Setting and monitoring the Group’s risk appetite and the system of risk management and internal control.
[23] The Conflicts of Interest Policy continues to be applied independent on appointment.
[24] Opportunities included the need to Director appointments and the Nomination Shareholder Information focus on conducting regular reviews of M&A activities, succession Committee planning and in-depth review of the global risk landscape.
[25] The Audit Committee discusses these risks with the Board constructively, demonstrating objective judgement and the relevant directors and senior management. fostering a culture of openness and debate.
[26] The Board considers that the Group’s management structure and Audit, risk and internal control continuous monitoring of key performance indicators can promptly identify any material areas of concern.
[27] Business continuity plans and Audit Committee and independent auditor procedure manuals are maintained in respect of specific risk areas For further information on the Company’s compliance with the Code and business processes.
[28] The management of business risk is an provisions relating to the Audit Committee and auditors, please refer integral part of Group policy and the Board will continue to develop to the Audit Committee Report on pages 129 to 136.
[29] Further the Group’s financial management objectives and how derivative detail can be found on page 133. instruments are used to hedge its capital, credit and liquidity risks is provided in Note 30 of the financial statements.
[30] Further shareholder approval at our May 2026 AGM, in the Remuneration details of the viability assessment are provided on pages 79 to 80.
[31] The Remuneration Report also contains information on the Risk management and internal control Company’s compliance with the Code provisions relating to The Board is responsible for the Group’s risk management process remuneration. and delegates responsibility for its implementation to the Chief Executive and senior management best qualified in each area of the business.
[32] The Board sets guidance on the general level of risk which is acceptable and has a considered approach to evaluating risk and reward and promoting a risk aware culture throughout the business.
[33] Risk management and internal control is a continuous process and has been considered by the Board on a regular basis throughout the year (see the description of the Group’s risk management and internal control framework on page 70 for more information).
[34] This includes identifying and evaluating principal and emerging risks, determining control strategies and considering how they may impact on the achievement of business objectives.
[35] The Board has carried out a robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks facing the Company and has also conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the systems of internal control during the year – see page 72 in the Strategic Report for further information.
[36] The Audit Committee regularly reviews strategic and operational risks and the Audit Committee and Board have 120 Pay, progression and promotion Following discussions with shareholders at our 2025 AGM, we have decided to set out in more detail how NEXT approaches pay decisions Strategic Report across the Group.
[37] Increasing pay levels enhances our attractiveness as an employer but if wages are set too high they undermine our competitiveness - forcing us to raise prices or reduce profitability.
[38] The test as to whether we have got the balance right will be twofold: on the one hand, the performance, retention and engagement of our teams, and on the other hand, the competitiveness of our products and the profitability of the Group.
[39] We believe that the statutory wage level is now materially higher than would be required by market forces, with applications per vacancy in stores at an all time high and high retention rates.
[40] Competitive pay, pay progression within the role, development opportunities and the chance to progress through the organisation are at the heart of what NEXT aims to offer its employees.
