[1] The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time.
[2] We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties.
[3] This competition may result in a higher cost for properties we wish to purchase.
[4] We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell or refinance such assets.
[5] This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to restrictions on our ability to dispose of, or refinance the debt on, the acquired properties in order to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain.
[6] These restrictions could limit our ability to manage, control, sell or refinance an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions.
[7] We are subject to all of the inherent risks associated with the ownership of real estate.
[8] We face the risk that rental revenue from our properties may be insufficient to cover all corporate operating expenses, debt service payments on indebtedness we incur, and distributions on our capital stock.
[9] We may not be able to acquire or dispose of properties when desired or on favorable terms.
[10] Other factors beyond our control, may impose or have the effect of restricting or limiting our ability to sell or contribute properties.
[11] For example, our properties and/or properties we may seek to acquire may be subject to put or call rights, rights of first refusal or offer, and other similar agreements which may limit or hinder our ability to buy, sell or exchange a property.
[12] Our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
[13] No assurances can be given that we will successfully execute these dispositions on favorable terms, or at all, and we may sell a property for less than what we paid, which could result in losses and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
[14] Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our mergers and acquisitions, and expansion opportunities under prevailing market conditions.
[15] We rely on several resources to assist in underwriting our potential investments and other opportunities, including predictive analytics, which may turn out to be inaccurate.
[16] The presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our client's ability to continue to operate that property or our ability to lease or sell that property and we may incur substantial remediation costs or third-party liability claims.
[17] The discovery of environmental liabilities attached to our properties could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, our financial condition or our ability to make distributions to stockholders and to pay the principal of and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness.
[18] We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming and attracting third-party investment in our fund business, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures or funds and managing properties through our fund business or other co-investment ventures.
[19] In addition, the same factors that may impact the valuation of our existing portfolio, as otherwise discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may also impact the portfolios to be held by the Fund or co-investment ventures and could result in other than temporary impairment of our investment and a reduction in fee revenues, if any.
[20] If such a third party fails to meet its obligations or terminates its services, we may need to find a replacement; however, these services may be on less favorable terms and conditions, or we may not be able to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner or at all.
[21] For more information, see We are subject to risks associated with debt and preferred stock financing.
[22] If we are unable to adequately address these risks, they could have a significant adverse effect on our operations. 13 Table of Contents We may engage in development, speculative development or expansion projects or invest in new asset classes, which would subject us to additional risks that could negatively impact our operations.
[23] A decision by any governmental agency not to issue a required permit or substantial delays in the permitting process could cause us to incur penalties, subject us to lease termination or delayed/abated rent payments under the leases or prevent us from pursuing the development, speculative development or expansion project altogether.
[24] The inability to successfully complete development, speculative development, expansion or other value-added projects or to complete them on a timely basis could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[25] These new assets and transaction structures may have new, different or increased risks than what we are currently exposed to in our business and we may not be able to manage these risks successfully which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[26] In addition, certain of our investments in debt instruments are subordinated, which can significantly reduce our ability to control decisions with respect to underlying assets or foreclosure, and, if a borrower were to default, the claims under our debt instrument would only be satisfied after senior debt is paid in full.
[27] For more information regarding the risks related to defaults by our borrowers, see ---The bankruptcy or insolvency of a client, borrower or guarantor could result in the termination of the lease agreement, loan agreement, or guarantee, as applicable.
[28] Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted, which could adversely affect our operating results, and may also result in additional taxes or licensing fees imposed on us and our gaming clients.
[29] As a result, our ability to obtain or maintain our required licenses and approvals, or avoid penalties related thereto, may be subject to risks, including risks outside of our control, and cannot be predicted.
[30] An uninsured loss or a loss that exceeds the policy limits on our properties could subject us to lost capital or revenue on those properties.
[31] Our sustainability strategies and efforts to comply with the various federal, state and international laws and regulations related to climate change could result in significant capital expenditures to improve our existing properties, properties we may acquire, and other business practices.
[32] If we are unable to comply with laws and regulations on climate change or implement effective sustainability strategies, our reputation among our clients and investors may be damaged and we may incur fines and/or penalties.
[33] This lack of control over our net-leased properties makes it difficult for us to collect property-level environmental data and to enforce related initiatives, which may impact our ability to comply with certain shareholder expectations or regulatory disclosure requirements to which we are subject or to comply with reporting frameworks or other established frameworks and standards.
[34] If we are unable to successfully collect the data necessary to comply with these disclosure requirements, standards or expectations, we may be subject to increased regulatory risk, or if such data is incomplete or unfavorable, our relationship with our investors or other stakeholders, our stock price, and our access to capital may be negatively impacted.
[35] If we fail to satisfy the environmental, social, and governance expectations of investors, clients and other stakeholders, our initiatives are not executed as planned, or we do not satisfy our goals, then our third-party ratings, reputation and financial results could be adversely affected.
[36] To the extent we are subject to such activism, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business.
[37] These risks could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
[38] Risks Related to Our REIT Structure If we fail to qualify as a REIT, it could adversely impact us, and the amount of dividends we are able to pay would decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities.
[39] Compliance with these tests may limit our ability to engage in certain activities or make certain otherwise attractive investments which may limit our opportunities and strategy.
[40] As we expand into new geographies and transactional structures, REIT qualification and our ability to ensure such qualification becomes more complex.
