[1] The following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows.
[2] Risks Related to our Business and Operations If we are unable to successfully execute our growth strategy, and develop, market and consistently deliver high-quality services that meet customer expectations, our business and future results of operations may suffer.
[3] If we fail to overcome those risks, we may not realize projected growth and related revenue or profits from our efforts, we may incur additional expenses and, as a result, our financial position and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
[4] Various economic factors such as inflationary pressures or downturns in the domestic economy could adversely impact our profitability and cash flows.
[5] If we are unable to sufficiently increase our customer rates to offset the increase in our costs, our profitability and cash flows could be materially affected.
[6] Reductions in the available supply or increases in the cost of equipment and parts may adversely impact our profitability and cash flows.
[7] Higher costs for or limited availability of suitable real estate may adversely affect our business operations.
[8] Shortages in the availability of suitable real estate or delays in obtaining necessary permits or approvals may result in significant additional costs to purchase, lease and/or build or renovate additional necessary service centers, increase our operating expenses, restrict our ability to grow existing markets or expand into new markets and/or prevent us from efficiently serving certain markets.
[9] Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to maintain adequate capacity throughout our service center network to support the transportation service needs of our customers.
[10] If we are unable to find suitable third-party transportation service providers that meet our high service-delivery standards at a reasonable cost, when needed, our revenue growth and financial results may be adversely impacted.
[11] Fluctuations in prices and availability of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
[12] We maintain fuel storage and pumping facilities at many of our service center locations; however, we may be susceptible to fuel shortages at certain locations that could cause us to incur additional expense to ensure adequate supply on a timely basis and to prevent a disruption to our service schedules.
[13] An interruption in the supply of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
[14] An increase in diesel fuel prices or diesel fuel taxes, or any change in federal or state regulations that results in such an increase, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
[15] We have significant ongoing cash requirements that could limit our growth and affect our profitability if we are unable to obtain sufficient capital.
[16] If we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operations or raise capital by accessing the debt and equity markets, we may be forced to limit our growth and operate our equipment for longer periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
[17] As we purchase new tractors and trailers as part of our normal replacement cycle each year, we rely on the used equipment market to dispose of our older equipment.
[18] If we are unable to sell our older equipment at or above our salvage value, the resulting losses could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
[19] We may be unable to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions.
[20] If we are unable to access sufficient funding for potential acquisitions, we may not be able to complete transactions that we otherwise find advantageous.
[21] We are subject to various risks arising from our international business operations and relationships, which could adversely affect our business.
[22] Failure to comply with the FCPA may result in legal claims against us.
[23] In addition, we face other risks associated with international operations and relationships, which may include restrictive trade policies, the renegotiation of international trade agreements, imposition of duties, taxes or government royalties imposed by foreign governments, which could adversely affect our business.
[24] There can be no assurance that new anti-terrorism measures will not be implemented and that such measures will not have a material adverse effect on our operations.
[25] Risks Related to our Industry We operate in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to adequately address potential downward pricing pressures and other factors that may adversely affect our operations and profitability.
[26] Numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our current profitability.
[27] If we are unable to effectively compete with other LTL carriers, whether on the basis of price, service, brand recognition or otherwise, we may be unable to retain existing customers or attract new customers, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[28] Furthermore, continued merger and acquisition or other transaction activity in transportation and logistics could result in stronger or new competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[29] We may not be able to compete successfully in an increasingly consolidated LTL industry and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us.
[30] Such a reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the price of our common stock.
[31] Additionally, uncertainty and instability in the global economy or widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease or public health crisis, as we saw with the COVID-19 pandemic, may lead to fewer goods being transported and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[32] A significant interruption in our normal supply chain could disrupt our operations, increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to serve our customers.
[33] Risks Related to Labor Matters If our employees were to unionize, our operating costs would increase and our ability to compete would be impaired.
[34] Increases in employee compensation and benefit packages used to attract and retain qualified employees, including drivers and maintenance technicians, and addressing general labor market challenges could adversely affect our profitability, our ability to maintain or grow our fleet and our ability to maintain our customer relationships.
[35] If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified drivers and technicians, or address general labor market challenges, we could be required to adjust our compensation and benefits packages, amend our hiring standards, or operate with fewer trucks and face difficulty meeting customer demands, any of which could adversely affect our growth and profitability.
[36] If we are unable to retain our key employees, or if we do not continue to effectively execute our succession plan, our business, results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
[37] In that regard, the loss of the services of any of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity if we are unable to secure replacement personnel who have sufficient experience in our industry and in the management of our business.
[38] We rely heavily on the proper functioning and availability of our information systems for our operations as well as for providing value-added services to our customers.
[39] Furthermore, we are subject to an increasing number of cybersecurity reporting obligations in different jurisdictions that vary in their scope and application, creating conflicting reporting requirements.
[40] These factors and the time spent to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents and to comply may inhibit our ability to quickly provide complete and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident to customers, counterparties, and regulators, as well as the public.
