[1] If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline.
[2] The bankruptcy or insolvency of our operators could limit or delay our ability to recover on our investments.
[3] Code (the Bankruptcy Code ) would limit or, at a minimum, delay our ability to collect unpaid pre-bankruptcy rents and mortgage payments and to pursue other remedies against a bankrupt operator.
[4] In the event of the bankruptcy of a borrower on an unsecured loan made by us, we may not be able to recover against all or any of the assets of the borrower.
[5] Further, the presence of intercreditor arrangements may limit our ability to amend or assign loan documents, accept prepayments, exercise remedies and control decisions made in borrower bankruptcy proceedings.
[6] Failure by operators to comply with government regulations may adversely impact their ability to make debt or lease payments or meet their obligations to us.
[7] In addition, requirements applicable to our operators are subject to frequent and substantial changes (sometimes retroactive) resulting from new legislation, rules and regulations, changes in presidential administrations, and administrative and judicial legal interpretations, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our operators and obligors.
[8] The failure of an operator to comply with these laws, requirements and regulations could adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us.
[9] The OBBBA s cuts to Medicaid and restrictions on provider taxes to other types of healthcare providers may adversely impact our operators indirectly to the extent states reduce reimbursement levels generally to offset reductions, including general provider tax reductions.
[10] Since our operators profit margins on Medicaid patients are generally relatively low, more than modest reductions or delays in Medicaid reimbursement to our SNF operators and an increase in the number of Medicaid patients could place some operators in financial distress, which in turn could adversely affect us.
[11] If funding for Medicare and/or Medicaid is reduced, it could have a material adverse effect on our operators results of operations and financial condition, which could adversely affect our operators ability to meet their obligations to us.
[12] We may be unable to find a replacement operator for one or more of our leased properties.
[13] Our ability to locate a suitable replacement operator may be significantly delayed or limited by various state licensing, receivership, certificate of need or other laws, as well as by Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules.
[14] Any such delays, limitations and expenses could materially delay or impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for default.
[15] Our operators may be subject to significant legal actions that could result in their increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which may affect their ability to meet their obligations to us; and we may become party to such legal actions.
[16] If any of these adverse macroeconomic trends continue or recur in the future, our operators and borrowers operating expenses may exceed increases in their reimbursements or other revenue sources, which may adversely affect their ability to pay rent or other obligations owed to us.
[17] We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our loans, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be unable to successfully find a replacement operator, or operate or occupy the underlying real estate, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.
[18] If any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
[19] We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our properties managed in RIDEA structures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[20] Risks Related to Us and Our Operations Severe respiratory disease seasons, epidemics, pandemics or other widespread illnesses could adversely affect our properties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
[21] There are no assurances of our ability to pay dividends in the future.
[22] Our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected upon the occurrence of any of the risks described herein.
[23] We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future investments necessary to grow our business or meet maturing commitments.
[24] Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund, from cash retained from operations, all future capital needs, including capital needed to make investments and to satisfy or refinance maturing commitments.
[25] As a result, we rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing.
[26] If we are unable to obtain needed capital at all or only on unfavorable terms from these sources, we might not be able to make the investments needed to grow our business, or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature, which could negatively affect our debt ratings and, in extreme circumstances, affect our ability to continue operations.
[27] We may not be in a position to take advantage of future investment opportunities if we are unable to access the capital markets on a timely basis or we are only able to obtain financing on unfavorable terms.
[28] Our ability to raise capital through equity sales is dependent, in part, on the market price of our common stock, and our failure to meet market expectations with respect to our business, or other factors we do not control, could negatively impact such market price and availability of equity capital.
[29] Our failure to meet the market s expectations with regard to future earnings and cash distributions would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock and, as a result, the availability of equity capital to us.
[30] We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including changes in our credit ratings, which could negatively impact our business and limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and to repay maturing debt.
[31] Such increases in the cost of capital, and any further increases resulting from future interest rate hikes, could adversely impact our ability to finance operations, acquire and develop properties, and refinance existing debt.
[32] Additionally, increased interest rates may also result in less liquid property markets, limiting our ability to sell existing assets.
[33] Higher interest rates may also lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could result in increased capitalization rates, which may lead to reduced valuation of our assets.
[34] In addition, if we are unable to refinance or extend principal payments due at maturity or pay them with proceeds from other capital transactions, our cash flow may not be sufficient to make distributions to our stockholders and repay our maturing debt.
[35] The degree of leverage could have important consequences to stockholders, including affecting our investment grade ratings and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future, and making us more vulnerable to a downturn in our results of operations or the economy generally.
[36] Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate or foreign exchange risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 24 Table of Contents We may be subject to additional risks in connection with our acquisitions of long-term care facilities.
[37] We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our recently acquired facilities, or the future growth in our business, without encountering difficulties or that any such difficulties will not have a material adverse effect on us.
[38] The quarterly evaluation of our investments for impairment may result in significant fluctuations in our provision for credit losses or real estate impairments from quarter to quarter, impacting our results of operations.
[39] If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred, we are required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[40] Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition.
