[1] RISK FACTORS Economic Risks Adverse economic conditions, a reduction in client spending, a deterioration in the credit markets or a delay in client payments could have a material effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[2] Such actions would reduce the 4 demand for our services and could result in a reduction of our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[3] A period of sustained inflation across our major markets could result in higher operating costs.
[4] In addition, the effects of inflation on consumer budgets could result in the reduction of our clients spending plans on the marketing and communications services we provide.
[5] If we are unable to increase our fees or take other actions to mitigate the effect of the resulting higher costs, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
[6] Where purchases of media and production services are made by our agencies as a principal or are not subject to the theory of sequential liability, the risk of a material loss as a result of payment default by our clients could increase significantly, and such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[7] Geopolitical events, international hostilities or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[8] This could result in suspension of our or our clients businesses in the affected region, which could impact client spending on our services.
[9] Global public health crises or pandemics or other similar health crises could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[10] If we are unable to remain competitive or retain key clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
[11] Key competitive considerations for retaining existing clients and winning new clients include our ability to develop solutions that meet client needs in a rapidly changing environment, the quality and 5 effectiveness of our services and our ability to serve clients efficiently, particularly large multinational clients, on a broad geographic basis.
[12] To the extent that we are not able to remain competitive or retain key clients, our revenue may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[13] Acquiring new clients and retaining existing clients depends on our ability to avoid and manage conflicts of interest arising from other client relationships, retaining key personnel and maintaining a highly skilled workforce.
[14] Our ability to acquire new clients and retain existing clients may, in some cases, be limited by clients perceptions of, or policies concerning, conflicts of interest arising from our other client relationships.
[15] If we are unable to maintain multiple agencies to manage multiple client relationships and avoid potential conflicts of interests, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
[16] As a service business, our ability to attract and retain key personnel is an important aspect of our competitiveness.
[17] If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our ability to provide our services in the manner clients have come to expect may be adversely affected, which could harm our reputation and result in a loss of clients.
[18] Additionally, we may be unable to hire or retain talent who are trained in artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced algorithms, to keep up with the rapid and ongoing technological advancements in our industry.
[19] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
[20] The loss of several of our largest clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[21] A significant reduction in spending on our services by our largest clients, or the loss of several of our largest clients, if not replaced by new clients or an increase in business from existing clients, would adversely affect our revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[22] We rely extensively on information technology systems and data, and cybersecurity incidents could adversely affect us.
[23] We rely on our own and third-party service providers information technology systems and infrastructure that are critical to our business, to connect with our clients, people and others, and to collect, store, transfer, process and use business, personal and financial data.
[24] We face cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems or data stored on such systems.
[25] As a result, we may be unable to detect, investigate, remediate or recover from future attacks or incidents, or to avoid a material adverse impact to our information technology systems and data.
[26] Such occurrences could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation and could result in litigation or regulatory action, as discussed below.
[27] These third-party service providers are also subject to cybersecurity risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation and could result in litigation or regulatory action, as discussed below.
[28] Any attack or incident could result in legal claims or proceedings (such as class actions), regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, fines and penalties, negative reputational impacts, and/or significant incident response, system restoration or remediation 6 and future compliance costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[29] We are subject to risks related to our use of generative AI and agentic AI, new and emerging technologies, which are in the early stages of commercial use and subject to evolving legislative and regulatory requirements.
[30] Further, new laws, guidance and decisions in this area may limit our ability to use AI and related technologies or decrease their usefulness to our businesses.
[31] If we fail to increase our capabilities in AI, or if we are unable to successfully adapt to new developments related to the risks and challenges associated with AI, demand for our services could be reduced, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
[32] Failure to adapt to technological developments, including emerging technologies such as generative AI and agentic AI, could adversely affect our competitive position, reputation, client relationships, results of operations and financial condition.
[33] Our ability to remain competitive depends in part on our ability to anticipate, develop, acquire and integrate new technologies, platforms and capabilities, including data-driven solutions, automation, generative AI and agentic AI.
[34] If we fail to keep pace with technological developments, or if competitors or new market entrants adopt new technologies more quickly or effectively, or if our clients develop their own AI-related capabilities, our services could become less attractive to clients, our competitive position could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline.
[35] Any failure to address these risks effectively could adversely affect our reputation, client relationships, business results of operations and financial condition.
[36] In addition, our credit rating, which is also dependent on our agencies operating cash flows among other factors, has a direct effect on our ability to obtain bank financing and access the capital markets.
[37] A downgrade to our credit rating, for any reason, could increase our borrowing costs, reduce our capacity to borrow, or impede our ability to access the capital markets, and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.
[38] We operate in high-growth markets and developing countries, which often carry greater risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[39] Our business, results of operations and financial condition can be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively operate, or manage the risks associated with operating in these markets and countries.
[40] Risks Related to the Merger with IPG Uncertainties associated with the Merger may cause a loss of our management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
