[1] Risks Related to Our Operations If we do not manage our supply chain effectively, our operating results may be adversely affected, and any increases in material, labor, supplier, logistics and other operating costs, or supply chain delays and shortages, could lower our margins or result in lost sales.
[2] We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties.
[3] Our profitability will decline if we fail to accurately forecast customer demand when managing inventory.
[4] Our integrated metrology systems are integrated with systems sold independently by wafer fabrication equipment suppliers, and a decrease in sales by these suppliers, or the development of competing systems by these suppliers, could harm our business.
[5] Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our revenue.
[6] We outsource select manufacturing activities to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions, may result in lower quality and functionality of our products, and exposes us to additional supply chain risks.
[7] Our ability to fulfill our backlog may have an effect on our long-term ability to procure contracts and fulfill current contracts.
[8] Our failure to effectively operate and maintain the new system could have a material adverse effect on us.
[9] If new products developed by us do not gain general market acceptance, we will be unable to generate revenue and recover our investments, which may result in a write down of inventory.
[10] Even if we are able to develop new products that gain market acceptance, sales of these new products could impair our ability to sell existing products.
[11] Compliance with data protection laws may be costly and may impede development of new products, and any failure to comply with, or inquiries under, these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[12] Risks Related to Our International Operations Tariffs, export regulations, and other market barriers have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to compete for the business of domestic customers in China and other jurisdictions which has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our, business, financial condition and results of operations.
[13] We are subject to compliance with domestic and foreign laws and regulations, and the burden of complying with such laws and regulations, or any failure to comply, has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[14] Political and economic instability may result in reduced demand for our products.
[15] Natural disasters, changes in climate, public health crises, and geo-political conflicts could materially adversely affect our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners).
[16] Our internal controls with respect to anti-corruption laws may not be effective, and any failure to comply with such laws may result in severe sanctions and liabilities, which may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
[17] Turmoil or fluctuations in the credit markets and the financial services industry may negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, and our factoring arrangements may expose us to additional risks.
[18] We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations may impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
[19] Legal proceedings, claims and investigations may expose us to increased costs and may negatively affect our business and results of operations.
[20] If we are unable to successfully negotiate price reductions with our suppliers, adjust our operations to reduce tariff exposure, and/or offset the increased costs by charging higher sales prices, our margins will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business and results of operations.
[21] Our dependence on limited-source suppliers of components and our lack of long-term contracts with certain of our suppliers expose us to several risks, including a potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components, price increases, late deliveries and poor component quality.
[22] If such a supplier is unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require, we may be forced to seek to engage an additional or replacement supplier or redesign our product to use alternative components, which could result in additional expenses and delays in product development or shipment of product to our customers.
[23] If we are unable to accurately predict our component needs, or if our component supply is disrupted, we may miss market opportunities by not being able to meet the demand for our systems.
[24] We may not be able to pass cost increases through to our customers fully (or at all), and if supply chain delays, disruptions and shortages delay delivery of our products, our customers may seek to purchase from our competitors.
[25] Any such occurrence may have a material adverse impact on our gross margins and business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
[26] We have limited visibility into our customers inventories, future customer demand and the product mix that our customers will require, which could adversely affect our production forecasts and operating margins.
[27] In addition, any significant future cancellation or deferral of product orders could adversely affect our revenue and margins, increase inventory write-downs due to obsolete inventory, and adversely affect our operating results and stock price.
[28] Our earnings could be negatively affected, and our inventory levels could materially increase, if we are unable to predict our inventory needs in an accurate and timely manner and adjust our orders for parts and subcomponents in the event that our needs increase or decrease materially due to unexpected increases or decreases in demand for our products.
[29] Any material 14 Table of Contents increase in our inventories could result in an adverse effect on our financial position, while any material decrease in our ability to procure needed inventories could result in an inability to supply customer demand for our products, thus adversely affecting our revenue.
[30] The loss of any of these key personnel, each of whom would be extremely difficult to replace, through resignations, retirement or other circumstances, could harm our business and operating results.
[31] Despite our employment and noncompetition agreements with key members of our senior management team, these individuals or other key employees may still leave us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[32] If the anticipated value of our share-based incentive awards does not materialize so that they cease to be viewed as valuable, if our profits decrease, or if our total compensation package is not viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, retain and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened.
[33] As a result, any prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing facilities could seriously harm our ability to satisfy our customer order deadlines.
[34] Restrictions on our access to or operation of manufacturing facilities or on our support operations or workforce, or similar limitations for our vendors and suppliers, may impact our ability to meet customer demand and could have a material adverse effect on our 15 Table of Contents financial condition and results of operations.
[35] Dependence on outsourcing may also adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market.
[36] Such disruptions could impact our ability to manufacture products in a timely manner or force us to work with another service provider at a higher cost.
[37] Any such event could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[38] If a third-party service provider experiences a cybersecurity event in which such confidential information is publicly exposed or shared with bad actors, it could materially and adversely impact our competitive position in the market.
[39] Our ability to fulfill our backlog may be limited by our ability to devote sufficient financial and human capital resources and may be limited by available material supplies and our suppliers own supply chain issues.
[40] If we do not fulfill our backlog in a timely manner, we may experience delays in product delivery, which would postpone receipt of revenue from those delayed deliveries.
