[1] A multi-year plan was drawn up with the leakage, theft, misuse or destruction of data for exogenous or aim of reducing the level of risk from cyber threats and endogenous reasons (including cyberattacks, hacks, etc.) internally strengthening the maturity of risk management. or at a third party of the Group could have a material impact on the Group's business activities, performance and reputation.
[2] These could result in injuries, accidental identified and brought under control. pollution within or outside the Group sites, particularly when they The Operations Department issues internal rules that set out the are located in a populated area, and/or the temporary principles of L'Oréal's EHS Policy.
[3] Its Treasury and Financing Department centralises The management standards are regularly updated and form cash flows and the hedging of currency and interest rate risks. part of the continuous improvement process.
[4] This aims to The Department leads a network of treasurers in the Regions respond to the findings of the Internal Audit Department and and Countries, and applies the Group's financing policy. to cover the accounting and financial risks of the subsidiaries.
[5] These managers check purchases, management of inventories and non-current with the Legal & Compliance Department that communications assets, and payroll and cash management. comply with the required deadlines, laws and regulations.
[6] All material information provided to the management reporting information financial community reflects with truth and transparency the situation and business activities of the Group.
[7] The Group has introduced two hard closings (anticipating the work involved in the closure of Statutory Auditors financial statements) in May and November to prepare in advance and speed up closing times.
[8] This entailed formally documenting, in a single document (the “Book of Norms for Sustainability Reporting”), the definition, The Sustainable Finance function ensures consistency by scope and controls for each metric required by the new carrying out a critical review of variations as well as regulations.
[9] At inasmuch as it is intended to be continually enriched by the Country level, each finance team member identified as the findings of risk assessments and internal control points Sustainable Finance contact point assists the function's identified in both internal reviews and external reviews carried specialist with reviewing their reporting.
[10] Dedicated out by the Sustainability Auditors.
[11] Risk diﬀerent areas of activity.
[12] In addition, the Internal Rules of the management consists of identifying, assessing and controlling Board of Directors specify that the role of the Audit risks that may aﬀect the smooth running of the Company.
[13] On the basis of the work performed by the Internal Audit Department, the analysis of major risks, in conjunction with the processes used by subsidiaries, makes it possible to identify Internal Control improvements and update the Group's standards. (1) This section incorporates by reference the information required by the CSRD (ESRS 2, GOV-5) for the Sustainability Report (section 4.1.3).
[14] L’ORÉAL — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2025 155 3 Risk factors and risk management Risk factors and risk management 3.5.2 Risk mapping The Group's risk mapping process is led by the Ethics, Risks The risk mapping comprises all of L'Oréal activities and is and Internal Control Department with the support of all updated annually.
[15] This mapping is significant risks strengthens Group actions and allows them to reviewed and validated by the Group's Executive Committee. be prioritised.
[16] The main risks to which the Group is exposed are described below. 3.5.3 Risk factors The Group operates in a changing environment.
[17] In each category, the most material risks are mentioned first.
[18] This section specifies the way in which each risk factor could aﬀect L'Oréal as well as the management strategy implemented.
[19] An unsettled political and/or The Group's geographical industrial footprint is based on it having economic environment, notably in countries where the Group factories in all of its Regions (see section 1.3.4.1.) and, depending generates a significant proportion of its sales could aﬀect its on the product categories, on bringing its production sites closer business.
[20] This could be the result of a sharp economic slowdown to its distribution markets. due, for example, to rising geopolitical tensions, a prolonged An Internal Geopolitical Risk Committee meets regularly to period of inflation, international trade disputes – including monitor these risks and the associated action plans. changes in tariﬀs or protectionist measures – or sovereign debt crises.
[21] The Group closely monitors changes in customs duties in order to anticipate their impact and adapt its pricing, industrial and supply See also the "Inflation and currency risk", "Non-compliance" and chain policies where necessary.
[22] The Group also keeps close watch "Safety of people and property" risk factors. – where applicable through the professional associations of which it is a member – on potential changes in regulations in light of heightened geopolitical uncertainty.
[23] Business risks/Information systems and cybersecurity Risk identification Risk management In a context of digital transformation and constant development The IT Department has implemented strict security rules for of information technologies and their uses, and given L'Oréal's infrastructures, devices and applications.
[24] In order to harmonise, simplify and upgrade systems. tackle the issue of an increasing number of cyber threats, L'Oréal continuously reinforces its level of cybersecurity using a risk-based As a result, the malfunction or shutdown of these systems, the management approach.
[25] L'Oréal constantly can be exacerbated by political and geopolitical upheaval. adapts its cybersecurity risk management to changes in the cyber threat landscape, in particular by investing in prevention, protection, detection and response capabilities, while regularly monitoring the eﬀectiveness of the measures in place.
[26] An online training programme for cybersecurity best practices is available for all eligible employees (54,118 employees have completed the "Join the next Shield!" programme, i.e., 90% of eligible employees).
[27] In addition to regular communication throughout the year, the Group conducts an annual worldwide awareness-raising campaign, Cyberweek.
[28] Management of risks related to data is described in the "Data" risk section.
[29] The main risks identified cover diﬀerent segments of the Group's In response to a health crisis, the Group's priority is to protect the business activities: health, safety and security of its employees.
[30] These data may be altered, lost, copied or transferred The Group constantly and progressively rolls out policies, training unlawfully, or may be used fraudulently.
[31] Not only could this be and data management tools as well as the associated detrimental to consumers, but it could also hinder the organisational and technical measures.
[32] See Regulations are being tightened around the world in terms of data also the “Information systems and cybersecurity” risk.
[33] Enhanced protection (GDPR in Europe, CCPA in California, LGPD in Brazil, security measures are deployed to guarantee the safe use of etc.), cybersecurity (NIS2 and CRA in Europe) and the use of artificial intelligence and to preserve the integrity and artificial intelligence.
[34] This could have a significant impact on the central team and a global network of 50 data protection Group’s reputation and consumer confidence, and therefore on its correspondents covering the whole of Europe and the main business and financial position. countries in which the Group operates.
[35] This governance structure monitors the Group's compliance with diﬀerent laws, ensures the engagement of all stakeholders and makes sure the Group standards and regulations are duly adopted by suppliers and within the business lines.
[36] L'Oréal's commitments in terms of personal data and the risk management systems are detailed in section 4.8.
[37] The goals, with innovative and adapted product oﬀerings, its sales and Consumer & Market Insights Department, within the Innovation growth could be aﬀected.
[38] Consumer expectations with regard to sustainability are also at the heart of the L'Oréal for the Future programme (see chapter 4).
[39] The role and the resources assigned to immune to potential breaches of its ethical commitments (Code of the Chief Ethics Oﬀicer set him up for success in his work, to which Ethics based on the four Ethical Principles of Integrity, Respect, end he may call on all the Group's teams and resources (see Courage and Transparency, its Human Rights Policy, support of section 3.2.1).
[40] The ethical risks are mapped and particularly its suppliers and subcontractors.
