[1] In collaboration with a benchmarking consultancy, we regularly 32% Annual variable compensation conduct studies to ensure our compensation levels and structures are competitive relative 27% Multi-year variable compensation 7% Defined-contribution retirement plan to those of similarly sized and complex companies.
[2] Our IT services (related to cybersecurity, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, data analysis, etc.) contribute to business digital transformation.
[3] With 2,700 experts and 32 cyber threat detection centers, Orange Cyberdefense has emerged as a leading provider of cybersecurity services in Europe.
[4] We leverage our unique expertise to design, deploy, maintain, and provide mutualized 7.64% of which is made up of employees and former employees.
[5] Examples of protection/prevention measures: We use In an ever-changing environment where certain risks must be taken to seize monitoring and alert systems to anticipate a number of eventualities opportunities and address new technological, economic and social including national and international conflicts and tensions.
[6] These challenges, our risk management framework helps ensure we deliver on our systems help us take appropriate steps to avoid or mitigate the purpose so that our stakeholders continue to place their trust in us. risks, protect people and assets and ensure business continuity.
[7] The goal is to provide reasonable business operations. assurance about the company’s resilience and its ability to meet its objectives and fulfill its Examples of protection/prevention measures: Our purchasing commitments, in line with its purpose and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. policies include a risk assessment in the supplier selection and monitoring process.
[8] We regularly update our procurement and The Group’s Risk Committee helps executive management report on risk management diversification strategy to make our supply chain and business activities to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
[9] What’s more, we continue to implement operational efficiency programs and enter into partnerships and The following pages focus on 14 themes that emerged from the 27 risks outlined in the 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD). invest in ventures that will further our strategic priorities.
[10] For more information, see the Vigilance Plan and Section 2.1 (Risk factors and business control framework) of the 2022 URD.
[11] We take measures to protect our networks Data Protection Officer coordinates all privacy-related programs and (monitoring, preventive and corrective maintenance operations, * Unauthorized access to data, cyberattacks, injunctions from measures. ensuring solutions are as resilient as possible right from the design authorities, new technology not yet fully mastered, issues with a phase, etc.).
[12] We occasionally change management process, purchase additional capacity based on our network requirements. failure of partners to protect externalized data, etc.
[13] We also covered in this respect, including the programs focused on key invest in carbon sinks and promote responsible internet use and issues, such as GDPR, duty of vigilance law, monitoring of digital sobriety among our customers. international economic sanctions, international anti-corruption laws and climate reporting (TCFD, etc.).
[14] The Governance and Corporate Social and Environmental Responsibility Committee ensures employees adhere to our Health and Description and impact: physical and mental harm to employees, charters and policies and oversees the related compliance safety of people customers and partners as a result of activities in high-risk programs.
[15] We take the expectations of stakeholders into account backdrop of significant internal changes, increasing use of virtual as part of our holistic risk management approach (ERM 360°).
[16] The communication and major changes to ways of working, which can associated management and control systems undergo regular pose psychosocial risks (isolation, information overload, etc.). internal and external assessments.
[17] Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 44 Our strengths — 45 Ongoing stakeholder dialog 2022 ESG materiality assessment — The 2022 ESG materiality assessment reflects our recent stakeholder dialog activities and includes a separate report for Europe (including France), Africa and the Middle East, and Group.
[18] The Group launched a project on double materiality to complement its efforts.
[19] The resulting ESG materiality matrix enables Orange to identify priorities and examine the Group’s decisions and strategy while gaining a deeper understanding of stakeholders’ concerns and expectations.
[20] Our scheme. development, upskilling and reskilling programs focus on new technological skills and professions (relating to data, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, virtualization, cloud computing, 5G, etc.).
[21] Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 48 Our strengths — 49 A financial strategy in line with Offering employee saving schemes that promote important values our CSR commitments Orange works in collaboration with trade unions to ensure its employee saving schemes promote engagement, sustainability and solidarity.
[22] Value of the sustainability bonds issued by the Group since 2020 €1 bn Aligning our financing policy with our environmental and Investing in start-ups in our industry social commitments — Our €350 million venture capital investment vehicle, Orange Ventures, funds innovative — Orange’s financing policy reflects its sustainable performance ambitions.
[23] Since 2020, start-ups that are working on innovative economic models in our areas of expertise and Orange has issued two sustainability bonds worth €1 billion in total to support two types of beyond.
[24] In line with changes in the regulatory landscape and stakeholders’ calls for greater transparency, — Orange founded a Data and AI Ethics Council in 2021.
[25] Committee, this independent advisory body is responsible for defining an ethical framework for data and AI, excluding regulatory obligations, in line with Orange’s values and purpose.
[26] The relations ethics” videos and independent learning content (e.g., the “corruption risk prevention latest guidelines were published in October 2022 to coincide with the 10th Ethics & and detection” e-learning module) to help our teams better understand these topics.
[27] Launched in 2021, the platform enables employees and external stakeholders to anonymously or non-anonymously report corruption, fraud, breaches in Soon after Russia invaded Ukraine, the Group set up a crisis unit to manage ethical compliance or concerns relating to the environment, fundamental and human rights, the impact of the war.
[28] A new IT-based corruption risk assessment system, ArengiBox, is being rolled out to help make the risk mapping process more seamless and action plan management more straightforward.
[29] We gained — Orange is pushing ahead with its acquisition strategy in line with European telecoms 1.3 million fiber customers during the year, largely due to the gradual transition from copper market consolidation.
[30] The deal is subject to approval by the relevant competition authorities and grew by 2.9%, driven by convergence, the BtoB market and a significant (25.5%) expected to be finalized in 2023.
[31] Orange 2022 Integrated Annual Report 60 — Europe Our approach to value creation — 61 Paris 2024, an outstanding technological feat The Paris 2024 Organising Committee has entrusted a single operator, Orange, with equipping 40 official competition venues hosting 878 events with advanced technology—such as fiber optics, 5G, and the Internet of Things—for the next Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games.
[32] Our performance in Spain was similar. by Orange Bank (see pages 64-65) and our IT security solutions, we have launched a remote In Poland, Orange continued to develop its Love convergent offer, which includes surveillance offer called “Maison protégée” in France, as well as a service that enables users competitively priced fixed and mobile services in its standard package.
[33] Value creation through innovation — In a landscape of rapidly evolving technologies and uses, Orange Innovation leverages the expertise of 8,000 employees—including 680 researchers—to develop tangible positive-impact solutions that are competitive and create value for the Group and its stakeholders.
[34] Spread across Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and partnership with seven competitive clusters, five research chairs and three shared North America, our 16 Orange Fab accelerators support promising start-ups in developing laboratories. their business and strengthening their management practices.
[35] Orange is also preparing future offers and already boasts a wealth of intellectual capital in fields such as cybersecurity (with over 500 patents In 2022, Orange Fab France launched its second 5G-themed program, selecting seven new and pieces of software), quantum computing, and artificial intelligence.
[36] The platform aims to address A single app for all — Keen to expand our range of services, we the shortage of doctors in our services support innovative local entrepreneurs through various initiatives.
