[1] Our AI products may not operate as anticipated, which could adversely affect our reputation, revenues and profitability.
[2] In addition, we rely on partners and suppliers to produce some of our AI products.
[3] If we are unable to introduce new AI products or if our AI products fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing products or otherwise do not meet customer needs, or if our competitors AI products achieve higher market acceptance than ours, we may fail to 17 Table of Contents recoup our investments in AI and our business and reputation may be harmed.
[4] Further, if we do not continue to invest significant resources to develop and support our AI products, we may fall behind technological developments and evolving industry standards, which would likewise harm our ability to compete.
[5] If we do not successfully execute our Oracle Cloud strategy, including our offerings of Oracle Cloud Services, our revenues and profitability may decline.
[6] As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings.
[7] If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed and our revenues and profitability could decline.
[8] In addition, we may not be able to accurately anticipate customer transitions from or be able to sufficiently backfill reduced customer demand for our license, hardware and support offerings relative to the expected increase in customer adoption of and demand for our Oracle Cloud Services, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
[9] If we are unable to secure data center capacity at affordable rates or do not accurately plan for and manage our infrastructure capacity requirements, our profitability may decline.
[10] If we underestimate customer demand or our data center capacity needs, we may face shortages of available infrastructure, limiting our ability to support customer growth and potentially causing us to lose business to competitors.
[11] Data centers in geographies that we rely on may also be unavailable on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
[12] In addition, we rely on third-party suppliers to provide equipment and components required to outfit these data centers on a timely basis.
[13] Ongoing or future delays or the inability to meet customer demand could cause the loss of additional sales, delay our revenue recognition or increase our costs, all of which could adversely affect the margins of our business.
[14] We typically depreciate these assets over their estimated useful lives, which could be shortened should our cloud strategies change, which could adversely affect our profitability. 18 Table of Contents Our products and services may not function properly if we experience significant coding, manufacturing or configuration errors in our cloud, license and hardware offerings.
[15] Therefore, any flaws could affect our and our customers abilities to conduct business operations and to ensure accuracy in financial processes and reporting, and may result in unanticipated costs and interruptions.
[16] If we are unable to compete effectively, the results of operations and prospects for our business could be harmed.
[17] We face intense competition in all aspects of our business.
[18] This multicloud strategy could lead our customers to migrate away from our cloud offerings to our competitors products or limit their purchases of additional Oracle products, either of which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
[19] Mergers, consolidations or alliances among our competitors, or acquisitions of our competitors by large companies, may result in increased competition.
[20] Any such changes may reduce revenues and margins and could adversely affect operating results.
[21] If we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our products, changes in customer demand or increased competition, our revenues could decrease. 19 Table of Contents Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results .
[22] We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services or resolve issues efficiently.
[23] Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or even the perception that our support is insufficient, could adversely affect our reputation, hinder our ability to sell and renew our applications and infrastructure offerings to existing and prospective customers, and negatively impact our business, operating results and financial position.
[24] Accelerated product and service introductions and short lifecycles require high levels of research and development spending, which could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue increases.
[25] Supply chain shortages have in some instances resulted in increases to the costs of production of our hardware products that we may not be able to pass on to our customers.
[26] While this permits us to secure cloud infrastructure capacity, it has increased excess and obsolescence risk of such hardware products and could adversely impact our profitability and cash flows.
[27] Ongoing or future delays or cost increases in manufacturing could cause the loss of additional sales, delayed revenue recognition or an increase in our hardware products expenses, all of which could adversely affect the margins of our cloud and license business and hardware business.
[28] We rely on hiring qualified employees and retaining our senior management, including our Chairman of the Board, Chief Technology Officer and founder; our Chief Executive Officer; other executive team members; and key employees.
[29] In addition, changes to immigration and labor law policies may adversely impact our access to technical and professional talent.
[30] If our stock price stagnates or declines, our ability to retain or attract employees may be harmed.
[31] We continually evaluate our compensation practices and consider changes from time to time, which may have an impact on our ability to retain employees and the amount of stock-based compensation expense that we record.
[32] Any changes in our compensation practices or those of our competitors could affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new personnel.
[33] Our compliance policies and procedures may fail to prevent or detect violations of anti-corruption or other laws, and channel participants may violate such laws, all of which could subject us to litigation or regulatory risk and result in liability.
[34] The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions.
[35] We are subject to risks with respect to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.
[36] We are subject to evolving, and sometimes conflicting, laws, regulations, policies and stakeholder expectations relating to matters beyond our core products and services, including ESG matters, such as environmental sustainability, climate change, human capital and workforce matters.
[37] Any failure to identify and address these risks could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance and growth.
[38] If we fail to meet these goals, or are perceived as failing to meet our ESG goals, our revenues, reputation and brand may be harmed.
[39] Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or sabotage IT systems, constantly evolve, grow more complex over time, and often are not detected until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques.
[40] Following the European Union s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the rate of global consideration and adoption of privacy laws has increased, giving rise to more global jurisdictions in which regulatory inquiries and audits may be requested of Oracle, and if we are not deemed to be in compliance, could result in enforcement actions and/or fines.
