[1] Interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these RISK FACTORS, elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
[2] Actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements.
[3] RISKS SPECIFIC TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit, and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[4] Changes in vehicle technology used by the original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) on future vehicles, including but not limited to electric, hybrid, and internal combustion engines, may result in less frequent repairs, parts lasting longer, or elimination of certain repairs.
[5] The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[6] Online and mobile platforms may allow customers to quickly compare prices and product assortment and availability between us and a range of competitors, which could result in pricing pressure.
[7] Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms.
[8] For example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them.
[9] If we are unable to effectively respond to such disruptions to our supply chain, or manage them more effectively than our competitors, our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted.
[10] In addition, changes in country specific trade policies, sanctions, practices, tariffs or taxes, import limitations, and other factors relating to foreign trade and port agreements could affect our ability to source products and our suppliers ability to source materials or provide products at current volumes and/or prices.
[11] These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[12] Business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, stability of systems we rely on, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
[13] This may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty, among other things.
[14] Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other 19 sources at similar prices.
[15] In addition, we rely extensively on various systems, some of which are provided by third-party service providers, to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our stores and customers.
[16] If these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories, deliver product, or process customer transactions.
[17] Such a disruption of these systems, and the response to remedy, could result in a negative impact on our business operations and increased costs, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[18] Failure to protect our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name, business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[19] We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand.
[20] Our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities; negative publicity involving the Company, our merchandise or our industry in general that erode customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and business.
[21] In addition, negative claims or publicity, including the availability of information and opinions on social media, as its impact is immediate, could adversely affect our reputation.
[22] Risks associated with international operations could result in additional costs and inefficiencies.
[23] In addition to many of the risks we face in our U.S. operations, international operations present a unique set of risks and challenges, including local laws and customs, various and potentially complex international tax regulations and compliance requirements, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions.
[24] Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by these risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and the distraction of management s attention.
[25] As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance.
[26] If we fail to adequately address any of these risks or difficulties, our stock price would likely suffer.
[27] The market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
[28] If similar litigation were initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
[29] RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDEBTEDNESS AND FINANCING Our debt levels could adversely affect our cash flow and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations.
[30] A failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions.
[31] The occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[32] A downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program and a higher facility fee on commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program.
[33] A downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our unsecured senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the unsecured senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future.
[34] RISKS RELATED TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND DATA PRIVACY Damage, failure, or interruptions of information technology systems could adversely affect our business operations and results.
[35] We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit, and protect business operations, processes, transactions, and data.
[36] Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications, or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness or could expose us to risks.
[37] We believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future.
[38] Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel, and general business and economic conditions.
[39] Failure to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock.
[40] Our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees.
