[1] Declines in these markets could have a material adverse effect on our operating performance.
[2] The USPS contract and our performance under the contract are subject to the following risks, among others, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows: The USPS ordering fewer units than we expect which could result in an impairment of our deferred contract asset.
[3] Throughout the product lifecycle, discontinuation of production parts by suppliers may result in unanticipated design costs.
[4] The USPS may exercise its right to terminate the contract for convenience. 13 Changes in trade policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our results.
[5] Countries have adopted restrictive trade measures such as tariffs, taxation, foreign exchange controls, capital controls and controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, any of which could adversely affect our operations and supply chain or limit our ability to offer our products and services as intended.
[6] These kinds of restrictions could be adopted with little to no advance notice and could escalate in response to tariffs or restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other countries, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts from such measures.
[7] Any of these events could increase the cost of our products, reduce demand for our products, create disruptions to supply chains or impair our ability to effectively operate and compete in countries where we do business.
[8] If our capacity expansion initiatives take longer or cost more than we anticipate or fail to deliver the operational efficiencies or throughput improvements we expect, we may be unable to meet forecasted sales, incur higher operating or capital costs or experience reduced margins.
[9] Any such delays or inefficiencies could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or competitive position.
[10] Fluctuations in prices of raw materials and other inputs may adversely impact our results.
[11] Furthermore, price increases may not be accepted by our customers and may result in them choosing to order from our competitors.
[12] Additionally, if costs decrease and we are unable to negotiate timely component cost decreases commensurate with any decrease in costs, then our higher component costs could put us at a disadvantage compared to our competition which could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows.
[13] Such disruptions have resulted and could further result in higher manufacturing costs caused by an inefficient parts flow to our production lines or the need to procure parts from higher cost suppliers, could delay production and/or sales and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows.
[14] If we fail to have adequate relationships with suppliers that will supply appropriate engines, chassis, axles, batteries and other components to us or fail to timely receive appropriate components from our suppliers, that could result in us being placed in an uncompetitive position or without finished product when needed.
[15] Labor issues may adversely impact our results.
[16] Our dependency on contracts with U.S. and foreign government agencies subjects us to a variety of risks that could materially reduce our revenues or profits or impact our capital allocation strategy.
[17] That business is subject to the following risks, among others, that could have a material adverse effect on our operating performance: The Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act and the Competition in Contracting Act require competition for U.S. defense programs in most circumstances.
[18] Department of Defense (DoD) programs that we currently have has resulted and could in the future result in the U.S. government awarding future contracts to another manufacturer or could result in the U.S. government awarding the contracts to us at lower prices and operating margins than we experience under the current contracts.
[19] Furthermore, if our actual costs on any of these contracts exceed our projected costs, it could result in profits lower than historically realized or than we anticipate.
[20] When the U.S. government operates under a continuing resolution, delays can occur in the procurement of the products, services and solutions that we provide and may result in new initiatives being delayed or canceled, or funds could be reprogrammed away from our programs to pay for higher priority operational needs.
[21] A government shutdown could result in the delay or cancellation of key programs, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results.
[22] Defense contract awards that we receive may be subject to protests or lawsuits by competing bidders, which protests or lawsuits, if successful, could result in the U.S. government customer revoking part or all of any contracts it awards to us and our inability to recover amounts we have expended in anticipation of initiating production under any such contract.
[23] Such changes could increase competition, reduce margins, accelerate delivery schedules or require additional capital investments, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
[24] Under the executive order, the DoD could also impose conditions or otherwise create disincentives that could limit our ability to repurchase shares of our Common Stock or to pay dividends to our shareholders.
[25] Severe weather, a natural disaster or other conditions or events that result in a prolonged disruption to our operations, or the operations of our customers or suppliers, could delay delivery of parts, materials or components to us or sales to our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
[26] Disruptions within our dealer network could adversely affect our business.
[27] As a result, our business with respect to these products is influenced by our ability to establish and manage new and existing relationships with dealers.
[28] In addition, our ability to terminate our relationship with a dealer is limited due to state dealer laws, which generally provide that a manufacturer may not terminate or refuse to renew a dealer agreement unless it has first provided the dealer with required notices.
[29] If we are unable to continue to enhance existing products and develop new products that respond to customer needs and preferences, we may experience a decrease in demand for our products and our business could suffer.
[30] Our ability to match product improvements and new product offerings to diverse global customers anticipated needs for different types of products and various product features and functions, at acceptable prices, is critical to our success.
[31] We may not be able to compete as effectively, and ultimately satisfy the needs and preferences of our customers, unless we can continue to improve existing products and develop new innovative products in the global markets in which we compete.
[32] Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing process levels, and we may not be able to timely develop product improvements or new products.
[33] If we are unable to provide continued technological improvements in our products that meet our customers or the industry s expectations, then demand for our products could be adversely affected.
[34] In response to legislative, regulatory, investment community and societal concerns regarding global climate change and related efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions, including changes in customer preferences and changes in regulations, we face greater pressure to develop products that generate less greenhouse gas emissions.
[35] If we do not accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric-powered vehicles or mobile equipment and other technologies that minimize emissions, competition from others could make our specialty vehicles or mobile equipment less desirable in the marketplace.
[36] We are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates associated with our non-U.S. operations that could adversely affect our results of operations and may significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods.
[37] Such fluctuations, in particular those with respect to the Euro, the Chinese renminbi, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, the Australian dollar and the British pound sterling may have a material effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows and may significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods.
[38] We may not be able to expand international operations or increase sales and profitability consistent with our growth targets.
[39] Among other things, there are additional logistical requirements associated with international sales, which increase the amount of time between the completion of production and our ability to recognize related revenue.
[40] Establishment of distribution networks or modification to the design of our products to meet local requirements and preferences may take longer or be more costly than we anticipate and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve international sales growth.
