[1] More particularly, a slowdown in building and remodeling activity, whether due to remote work or otherwise, or decreased public spending on infrastructure projects could adversely affect our financial performance.
[2] The impacts of these unexpected events are difficult to predict, but could result in higher costs or delays in our operations and/or adversely affect economic conditions in the regions where we operate and our financial performance.
[3] International transactions also involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries, which could result in increased costs, risk of fines or penalties as well as reputational harm.
[4] These impacts may include hindering our ability to r ecruit and retain employees or deploy certain employees to the geographies where their skills are best utilized, increased costs for our customers, declining consumer confidence, significant inflation and diminished economic expectations, which could ultimately reduce demand for our products.
[5] While we take steps to mitigate or avoid these increased costs, disruptions and legal risks due to changes in trade policies, our ability to do so may be limited by operational and supply chain constraints, especially in the short term.
[6] In addition, our ability to recover cost increases and maintain profitability levels through price adjustments may be limited by competitive pressures, customer acceptance, and contractual limitations.
[7] Tariff actions by the U.S. and retaliatory actions by other countries have caused, and may in the future cause, significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets, which could adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of capital, including with respect to refinancing our existing debt, and which in turn could reduce our cash flows and harm our business.
[8] Changes to market and economic conditions in China, including credit conditions for our customers, have recently impacted and may continue to impact our ability to maintain New Equipment net sales in China at rates consistent with prior years as well as future growth of our Service segment.
[9] Furthermore, as is the case in many countries where we operate, China could impose additional regulatory and legal requirements, including requirements that could increase costs in China and/or restrict access to Chinese markets, which could negatively impact our overall financial performance.
[10] While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 11 Table of Contents Our international operations subject us to risks associated with geopolitical conflicts.
[11] Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, or compliance practices of, key distributors and agents could adversely affect us.
[12] Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, or compliance practices, could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
[13] Any delays could result in increased development costs or divert resources from other projects.
[14] We operate in a competitive environment and our profitability depends on our ability to accurately estimate the costs and timing of providing our products and services.
[15] If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a new equipment order, or the extent of required maintenance pursuant to a service contract, or execute on our productivity initiatives, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected.
[16] Some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages if we do not perform in accordance with the contract.
[17] As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide products and services at competitive prices while maintaining anticipated levels of profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
[18] If we do not successfully manage restructuring and other transformation activities, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted.
[19] We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team, engineers, field professionals, and others at all levels of the company.
[20] In addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals.
[21] We may be unable to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all.
[22] Volatility in the world financial markets could further increase borrowing costs or affect our ability to access the capital markets.
[23] Our ability to issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our products or services, or in the solvency of our customers, suppliers or distributors or other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions.
[24] The reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of Common Stock.
[25] In addition, accounting requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new businesses.
[26] Our divestitures may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses, such as through guarantees, other financial arrangements, continued supply and services arrangements, and environmental and product liability claims, following the transaction.
[27] Under these arrangements, nonperformance by those divested businesses could result in obligations being imposed on us that could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition.
[28] Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[29] Changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to investments and limitations on foreign ownership of businesses, could adversely impact our ability to participate in and operate our joint ventures, or could result in changes to the ownership structure or allocation of rights in our joint ventures.
[30] We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various international jurisdictions.
[31] Changes to tax laws and regulations, as well as changes and conflicts in related interpretations or other tax guidance could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities.
[32] Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to examinations by various tax authorities.
[33] Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risk that could adversely affect our results.
[34] We are subject to litigation, product safety and other legal and compliance risks.
[35] We are subject to a variety of litigation, legal and compliance risks.
[36] As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate.
[37] Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses or changes to business operations that could impact our ability to sell our products and services or sell them at expected profit levels.
[38] In addition, we are subject to the U.S.
[39] We are subject to ongoing claims related to alleged violations of anti-collusion laws in certain European countries, where we are subject to claims for overcharges on elevators and escalators related to civil cartel cases.
[40] If violations of law are found, they could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business.
