[1] Any of the risks, individually or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, reserves or the value of an investment in our securities.
[2] Government actions, regulatory changes and political, economic and social instability may adversely affect the Company s operations and results of operations.
[3] Changes in U.S. and international tax laws, regulations and interpretations, as well as examinations by taxing authorities, could adversely affect the Company s effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations.
[4] Unfavorable changes, interpretations or audit outcomes or sunsetting of certain provisions could result in increased tax liabilities, interest and penalties.
[5] Furthermore, instability and unforeseen changes in political, regulatory, economic and social environments in the markets where the Company operates could result in business disruptions, contractual or regulatory changes or operational challenges.
[6] Any of these factors could materially affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[7] Should any of its estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[8] These factors can increase the potential for and impact of catastrophic events, which could result in significant operational disruption, increased costs or loss of production and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reserves.
[9] Health, safety and environmental laws and regulations and climate-related policies could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[10] The Company may face scrutiny from investors, customers, advocacy groups and regulators, and failure, or perceived failure, to meet goals or reporting expectations could result in reputational harm, litigation or enforcement actions.
[11] These factors could materially impact the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[12] Changes in business plans, market conditions, commodity prices, and the pace of energy transition or new information may materially differ from estimates.
[13] Exploration is inherently risky and is subject to delays, misinterpretation of geologic or engineering data, unexpected geologic conditions or finding reserves of disappointing quality or quantity, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reserves.
[14] As a result, the Company may be unable to economically produce oil, NGL and natural gas, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[15] Restrictions or higher operating costs as a result of more stringent regulations, permits or government directives, potential litigation or other developments could materially impact the Company s ability to dispose of produced water, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[16] This could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
[17] Both acquisitions and divestitures (including the OxyChem Transaction) and associated restructuring may result in the Company bearing unforeseen or greater liabilities, costs, tax consequences or regulatory or contractual issues than anticipated and divert management s attention from ongoing business operations.
[18] In addition, in the case of acquisitions, difficulties in integrating businesses or employees may result in the failure to realize anticipated results, benefits and synergies in the expected timeframes and in operational challenges.
[19] Any such claims could increase the Company s costs and any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results or cash flows.
[20] Loss or compromise of proprietary information could adversely impact the Company s competitive position, strategic initiatives or business relationships.
[21] A significant cyber incident could have a material adverse affect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
[22] Insurance does not cover all risks, which could result in significant financial exposure.
[23] The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events or unforeseen liability for which the Company is self-insured, not fully insured or uninsured or for which the insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
