[1] To ensure the Porsche AG Group’s lasting success, the company uses forward-looking risk management and a uniform groupwide framework.
[2] In order to counter potential risks of compliance breaches at an early stage, the company set up a whistleblower system, where any violations against the rules by employees of the Porsche group can be reported.
[3] The company has formulated clear rules about this—both in terms of its own operating activities and its global supply chains.
[4] The responsible management of business risks to achieve our objectives is just as important as the timely identification of opportunities to ensure competitiveness.
[5] For this purpose, the Porsche AG Group has management and control systems in place that are embedded in a comprehensive risk and opportunities management system.
[6] The Porsche AG Group has implemented a comprehensive risk management system (RMS) and internal control system (ICS).
[7] The aim is to identify potential risks at an early stage and manage them using suitable measures or controls.
[8] In this way, the threat of loss to the company should be averted and any risks that might jeopardize its continued existence recognized in good time.
[9] The company coordinates its sustainability activities across the entire group and has put in place a forward-looking risk management system and a clear framework for dealing with environmental issues, for employee responsibility and for social commitment in a future-oriented manner.
[10] Voluntary commitments and principles that apply across the group are the basis and backbone of our sustainability management.
[11] These documents are publicly accessible in the Porsche Newsroom in the “Sustainability” section at the following link: Members of the Executive Board Membership on supervisory boards and other control bodies Dr.
[12] In the remuneration system 2024, the return Annual and Sustainability Report Porsche AG 90 17 Corporate governance Members of the Supervisory Board 17 on investment (ROI) financial sub-target was replaced by the net cash flow margin (NCFM) of the Porsche AG Group’s automotive segment.
[13] Adding employee satisfaction is intended to reflect sustainability aspects more broadly and place people more prominently at the center of Porsche AG’s actions.
[14] Maintaining a high level of employee satisfaction will secure Porsche AG’s leading role in the competition for the best applicants.
[15] By making this increase, Porsche AG has ensured that the members of the Executive Board receive competitive remuneration that reflects Porsche AG’s position in the relevant market environment.
[16] The Supervisory Board decided to settle the remuneration of the Executive Board in accordance with the contractual arrangements applicable under the former Executive Board remuneration system for a transitional period up until December 31, 2022.
[17] The former Executive TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Declaration Members of the Executive Board Members of the Supervisory Board Board remuneration system permissibly did not correspond to all of the current statutory and regulatory requirements for listed stock corporations.
[18] Overview of the remuneration components of the Executive Board remuneration system Remuneration component Target — Twelve equal installments payable at month end The basic remuneration and fringe benefits are intended to reflect the tasks and responsibility of the Executive Board members, provide a basic income, and prevent them from taking inappropriate risks.
[19] Post-contractual noncompetition covenant — Payment of a non-competition payment net of the pension Non-competition payments are made as compensation for observing the post-contractual non-competition covenant.
[20] Michael Steiner has been a member of the Executive Board since May 3, 2016.
[21] For mandates of Executive Board members that are not held as part of their work on the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board decides whether and, if so, to what extent any remuneration is Annual and Sustainability Report Porsche AG 96 6 counted toward the remuneration for their work as a member of the Executive Board of Porsche AG.
[22] At its meeting in May 2024, the Supervisory Board, at the request of the Executive Board, resolved to set aside significant plan assets to fund its pensions.
[23] Investing funds in the plan assets offers a significantly higher expected return than the return on the liquidity reserves and thus makes optimal use of Porsche AG’s liquidity.
[24] This funding was not planned at the time the target values were set for the NCFM sub-target for fiscal year 2024 and could therefore not be taken into account when setting them.
[25] Detailed information on decarbonization can be found under → E1 Climate change in the combined non-financial statement forming part of the combined management report.
[26] Detailed information on Annual and Sustainability Report Porsche AG 102 12 the statutory gender quota can be found under → S1 Own workforce in the combined non-financial statement forming part of the combined management report.
[27] Employee satisfaction is a broader reflection of sustainability aspects and places people more prominently at the center of Porsche AG’s actions.
[28] Porsche AG also believes that a high level of employee satisfaction has a positive effect on the external perception of the company as a highly attractive employer in an increasingly competitive market for employees and applicants.
[29] Thus Porsche AG guaranteed certain amounts for the Executive Board members during the transitional period.
[30] FURTHER INFORMATION Annual and Sustainability Report Porsche AG 106 16 Corporate Governance RemunerationRemuneration Report 2024report 2024 107 17 e) IPO bonus aa) Information on the IPO bonus Porsche AG concluded an agreement with the Executive Board members on a bonus for a successful IPO of Porsche AG in the form of a virtual share plan with a three-year term starting from the IPO date.
[31] Oliver Blume 6,430 6,430 6,430 Lutz Meschke 3,675 3,675 3,675 Barbara Frenkel 3,675 3,675 3,675 Andreas Haffner 3,675 3,675 3,675 Sajjad Khan Annual and Sustainability Report Porsche AG 108 18 – – – Detlev von Platen 3,675 3,675 3,675 Albrecht Reimold 3,675 3,675 3,675 Dr.
