[1] The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
[2] If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock could decline.
[3] In addition, the impacts of any worsening of the economic environment may exacerbate the risks described below, any of which could have a material impact on us.
[4] Our business and operations have experienced growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected.
[5] Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance, and we may not be able to maintain profitability, which could cause our business, financial condition, and operating results to suffer.
[6] If we are unable to sell new and additional product, subscription, and support offerings to our end-customers, especially to large enterprise customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
[7] If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed.
[8] We rely on revenue from subscription and support offerings, and because we recognize revenue from subscription and support over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales or renewals of these subscription and support offerings are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results.
[9] We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited and our operating results will be harmed.
[10] We are exposed to the credit and liquidity risk of our customers, and to credit exposure in weakened markets, which could result in material losses.
[11] We face intense competition in our market and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position.
[12] We have and may in the future acquire other businesses (including CyberArk), which could subject us to adverse claims or liabilities, require significant management attention, disrupt our business, adversely affect our operating results, may not result in the expected benefits of such acquisitions, and may dilute stockholder value.
[13] We may not complete the acquisition of CyberArk within the timeframe we anticipate or at all, which could negatively impact our future business and financial results.
[14] If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and successfully manage product and subscription introductions and transitions to meet changing end-customer needs in the enterprise security industry, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed.
[15] Issues in the development and deployment of AI may result in reputational harm and legal liability and could adversely affect our results of operations.
[16] Claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property rights could harm our business.
[17] Our use of open source software in our products and subscriptions could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subscriptions and subject us to possible litigation.
[18] We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business.
[19] Because we depend on manufacturing partners to build and ship our hardware products, we are susceptible to manufacturing and logistics delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time, if at all, or on a cost-effective basis, which may result in the loss of sales and end-customers.
[20] Our hardware products contain key components from limited sources of supply, including outside the United States, and we are susceptible to supply shortages, supply changes, and international regulations, which, in certain cases, have disrupted or delayed our scheduled product deliveries to our end-customers, increased our costs and may result in the loss of sales and end-customers.
[21] If we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate our key technical, sales, and management personnel, our business could suffer.
[22] We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results.
[23] We face risks associated with having operations and employees located in Israel.
[24] We are subject to international trade regulations and governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets.
[25] We may incur increased costs to comply with privacy and data protection laws and, if we fail to comply, we could be subject to government enforcement actions, private litigation and adverse publicity.
[26] We may not complete our analysis of our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or our internal control may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.
[27] Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business.
[28] We are subject to these governmental sanctions and export controls, which may subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws.
[29] Risks Related to Our Business RISKS RELATED TO OUR GROWTH Our business and operations have experienced growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected.
[30] To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner.
[31] We may not be able to successfully implement, scale, or manage improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner, which could result in material disruptions of our operations and business.
[32] Failure to manage any future growth effectively could result in increased costs, disrupt our existing end-customer relationships, reduce demand for or limit us to smaller deployments of our products, or materially harm our business performance and operating results.
[33] If we are unable to maintain consistent or increasing revenue or revenue growth, the market price of our common stock could be volatile, and it may be difficult for us to maintain profitability or maintain or increase cash flow on a consistent basis. - 16 - Table of Contents In addition, we have incurred losses in fiscal years prior to fiscal 2023.
[34] Revenue growth may slow or revenue may decline for a number of possible reasons, including slowing demand for our products or subscriptions, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of, or a demand shift in, our overall market, or a failure to capitalize on growth opportunities.
[35] Any failure to increase our revenue as we grow our business could prevent us from maintaining profitability or maintaining or increasing cash flow on a consistent basis, or satisfying our capital commitments.
[36] If we are unable to navigate these challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and operating results may suffer.
[37] This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failure to meet our revenue, margin, or other operating result expectations contained in any forward-looking statements (including financial or business expectations we have provided) or those of securities analysts or investors for a particular period.
[38] If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these, or any other, reasons, the market price of our common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits.
[39] RISKS RELATED TO OUR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY If we are unable to sell new and additional product, subscription, and support offerings to our end-customers, especially to large enterprise customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed.
[40] Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our portfolio with existing end-customers, especially large enterprise customers, including through our platformization strategy, and create demand for our new offerings.
