[1] These are not the only risks we face.
[2] Additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may adversely affect, possibly to a material extent, our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods.
[3] Business and Operational Risks We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our solutions and support.
[4] If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors.
[5] The failure to provide a more efficient and user-friendly customer-facing digital experience across internet and mobile platforms as well as in physical locations may adversely impact our business and operating results.
[6] If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect to our business and results of operations.
[7] The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as robotics and other workflow automation tools, natural language processing, and AI/machine learning may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities.
[8] Defects in our solutions, errors or delays caused by our solutions and generative AI solutions not working as anticipated could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential clients, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability.
[9] In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, bias, viruses, or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[10] We rely upon information technology ( IT ) networks, cloud-based platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes, some of which are provided by third-party vendors.
[11] Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventative or responsive measures.
[12] Any such breach or unauthorized access could negatively affect our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to terminate their agreements with us, result in reputational damage, and subject us to lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other actions or liabilities which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
[13] Any delays or failures caused by network outages, software or hardware failures, or other data processing disruptions, could result in our inability to provide services in a timely fashion or at all.
[14] In the event of a catastrophe, our business continuity plan may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations.
[15] Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack or act of war, public health emergency, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations.
[16] As part of providing services to clients, we rely on a number of third-party service providers.
[17] Failure by these service providers, or their respective outsourced providers, for any reason, to deliver their services in a timely manner and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in material interruptions to our operations, impact client relations, and result in significant penalties or liabilities to us.
[18] There is a possibility that we may be subject to liability for violations of employment or discrimination laws by our clients and acts or omissions of client employees, who may be deemed to be our agents, even if we do not participate in any such acts or violations.
[19] Although our agreements with clients provide that they will indemnify us for any liability attributable to their own or their employees conduct, we may not be able to effectively enforce or collect such contractual obligations.
[20] Incurring additional liabilities related to our PEO business may adversely affect our results of operations.
[21] In addition, in the event of expiration or cancellation of existing contracts, we may not be able to secure replacement contracts on competitive terms, if at all.
[22] Also, as a co-employer in the PEO, we assume or share many of the employer-related responsibilities associated with health care reform and recent efforts by local, state and federal governments to deregulate, which may result in increased costs.
[23] Increases in costs not incorporated into service fees timely or fully could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[24] Incorporating cost increases into service fees could also impact our ability to attract and retain clients.
[25] While we have devised comprehensive strategies to address the integration complexities and maintain our strategic focus, the risks associated with unforeseen hurdles could affect our ability to achieve expected synergies and strategic growth targets.
[26] Similarly, our ability to operate our Purchased Receivable reporting unit is dependent on the ability of our clients' clients to remit their accounts receivable to us.
[27] If a significant number of our clients are unable to cover payments we make on their behalf or we are not able to collect purchased receivable balances, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
[28] A change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to applicable tax or regulatory agencies could adversely impact our interest income.
[29] Our debt obligations may expose us to risks affecting the operation of our business, and our failure to address these risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
[30] Our Corporate Bonds include certain covenants which may limit our ability to create liens on our assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and merge or consolidate with another entity, subject to certain exceptions, limitations and qualifications as outlined in the Corporate Bond indenture.
[31] If we do not comply with these covenants, it could result in material adverse effects on our operating results and our financial condition.
[32] Our ability to make scheduled debt payments or to refinance our outstanding debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, economic, and other factors that are beyond our control, including those discussed in this RISK FACTORS section.
[33] We may not be able to maintain a sufficient level of cash flow from operating activities to permit us to pay the principal and interest on any outstanding indebtedness.
[34] Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which would also harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness.
[35] If we are unable to restructure or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, if necessary, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. 12 Table of Contents Change in our credit ratings could adversely impact our results of operations and lower our profitability.
[36] Failure to maintain high credit ratings could increase the cost of short-term borrowing which would lower our profitability, reduce our ability to obtain short-term borrowing periodically required by our business, and adversely impact our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition.
[37] Our business and reputation may be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations.
[38] Additionally, as federal, state, and international regulations become more complex, the risk that we may be unable to comply with those regulations increases, particularly in the event there are different or additional regulatory standards in different jurisdictions.
[39] Failure to update our services to comply with modified or new legislation in the areas of payment networks, health care reform and retirement plans as well as failure to educate and assist our clients regarding this legislation could adversely impact our business reputation and negatively impact our client base.
[40] Failure to comply with anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (as amended), which require us to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, and maintain transaction records, could result in civil and criminal penalties and adversely impact our business reputation.
