[1] The occurrence of one of these events, or other related incidents, may result in health impacts on our workforce and/or surrounding communities, fatalities, and environmental damage.
[2] Interruptions or malfunctions at these systems and/or their infrastructure, caused by obsolescence, technical failures, deliberate acts, or even arising from geopolitical factors or derived from third-party systems, digital infrastructure and the cloud may harm or even paralyze our business and adversely impact our operations and reputation.
[3] Additionally, we are subject to increasing regulations related to AI, cybersecurity and information security, including among other aspects, adequate protection of data and digital assets, supervision of cyber risks, and incident reporting.
[4] Failure to comply with these regulations at the national and international levels may result in legal sanctions, as well as impacts on our image and reputation, and affect our operational and financial results. 1.c) Maintaining our long-term oil production objectives depends on our ability to successfully incorporate and develop our reserves .
[5] Our ability to incorporate additional reserves depends on exploration activities, which expose us to its inherent risks and may not lead to the discovery of commercially viable oil or natural gas reserves.
[6] Adding new reserves depends on our ability to conceive and implement development projects.
[7] Additionally, our failure to meet obligations established by the regulatory agencies may generate fines and liabilities.
[8] These claims involve substantial amounts of money and other resources, and the total cost of unfavorable decisions can have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition.
[9] Depending on the outcome, litigation can result in restrictions on our operations and have a material adverse effect on some of our business.
[10] We can be affected by changes in rules, regulations and jurisprudence that can have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results. 1.f) We have substantial liabilities and may be exposed to significant liquidity constraints in the short and medium term, which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results.
[11] Annual Report and Form 20-F 2025 I 33 Our lack of investment grade credit rating and any lowering of our credit ratings may have adverse consequences on our ability to obtain financing in the market through debt or equity securities, or may affect our financing cost, making it more difficult and/or costly to refinance maturing obligations.
[12] The impact on our ability to obtain resources and the cost of such resources may adversely affect our results and financial condition.
[13] Any lowering in the credit ratings of the Brazilian federal government may have additional adverse consequences on our ability to obtain financing and/or on the cost of our financing and, consequently, on our results and financial condition. 1.g) Differing interpretations of tax regulation or changes in tax policies may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results.
[14] Additionally, Complementary Law No. 214/2025, which addresses key aspects of Brazil s tax reform, established the Goods and Services Tax, the Social Contribution on Goods and Services, and the Selective Tax all of which may materially affect the tax environment applicable to us and our subsidiaries.
[15] Any of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results.
[16] For more information, please see Legal and Tax - Tax Reform and its Impact on Petrobras in this annual report. 1.h) Our crude oil and natural gas reserve estimates involve some degree of uncertainty, which could adversely affect our ability to generate income.
[17] The geoscience and engineering data that we use to estimate our reserves present uncertainties that may result in differences between the expected productions in the reported reserves and those actually produced.
[18] These factors may result in an increase in our liabilities and may adversely affect our results and our financial condition. 1.k) Difficulties in attracting, developing and retaining people with the necessary skills and qualifications can negatively impact the implementation of our strategy.
[19] Any failure may adversely affect our results and business. 1.l) Strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest by our employees or by the employees of our suppliers or of our contractors may adversely affect our results and our business.
[20] Labor unrest at our facilities or affecting our major suppliers and contractors, or broader industrial actions that impact sectors critical to our business, may disrupt operations, delay projects and impair supply chains, which could adversely affect our results and financial condition. 1.m) Our business may be materially and adversely affected by the emergence of epidemics or pandemics.
[21] In addition, such public health events may affect oil prices and demand, which, consequently, may negatively impact our results and financial condition. 1.n) We do not maintain insurance against business interruption in operations in Brazil and most of our assets are not insured against war or sabotage.
[22] Therefore, an attack or incident that causes the interruption of operations may have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition.
[23] We cannot guarantee that incidents will not occur in the future, that there will be insurance to cover the damages or that we will not be held responsible for these events, which may negatively affect our results.
[24] If we do not innovate in the areas of knowledge of the industry in which we operate, from the improvement of processes and assets to the conception of the industry of the future, we may face adverse effects on our competitiveness, our ability to implement our long-term strategy and our ability to expand value creation.
[25] We may undertake investments (organically or via acquisitions or partnerships) in the energy transition segment that may negatively impact the risk profile and rate of return of our portfolio, due to the risks associated with these new project opportunities.
[26] Our ability to remain competitive while transitioning toward cleaner energy sources depends on factors such as regulatory developments and consumer preferences influenced by climate change and the energy transition toward cleaner energy sources.
[27] Inadequate methods may result in the selection of projects misaligned with strategic objectives, undermining the balance between traditional and low-carbon businesses and affecting the profitability and sustainability of the portfolio.
[28] Failures related to the diversification of our operations may negatively impact our revenues.
[29] We face risks related to post-closing management and monitoring of contractual obligations and rights in connection with acquisitions, divestments and partnerships.
[30] Failure to comply with contractual obligations or to exercise contractual rights may result in financial losses and legal liabilities.
[31] Asset divestments may negatively impact operational synergies and logistical integration, which may adversely affect our operational efficiency and financial results.
[32] We may be exposed to operational, legal and regulatory risks arising from partnership activities, including potential joint liability for litigation and government sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, reputation, cash flow and financial condition.
[33] Acquired assets or partnership investments may not perform as expected due to market volatility, regulatory changes, economic conditions, and integration challenges, which may adversely affect our expected returns and financial performance.
[34] Such uncertainty may result in financial and reputational impacts for us. 1.r) We are subject to the risk that internal control over financial reporting may become inadequate due to changes in the control environment, or that the degree of compliance with our policies and procedures may deteriorate.
[35] Limitations inherent in internal control over financial reporting may cause them to fail to prevent or detect errors and may adversely affect our ability to report financial results in future periods accurately and in a timely manner.
[36] The identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or any of the above occurrences may adversely affect our business and operations and may generate negative market reactions regarding us, potentially affecting our financial conditions and leading to a decline in the value of our shares.
[37] Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other related laws may adversely affect us.
[38] Potential adverse developments related to past investigations conducted by Brazilian or foreign authorities, including claims asserted by investors in Brasil and abroad, as well as any additional claims related to the Legal Investigation may negatively impact us and could divert the efforts and attention of our management team from our ordinary business operations.
[39] Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other laws, we may be required to pay fines or other types of financial convictions, or to comply with court orders on future conduct or suffer other penalties, any of which may have a material adverse effect on us.
[40] The outcome of any such investigation or proceeding may negatively impact our image and reputation.
