[1] Changes previously ordered by FERC and implemented by PJM and other ISOs to eliminate contractual provisions that previously provided us a right of first refusal to construct new transmission projects in our service territory could result in third-party construction of transmission lines in our area in the future and also allow us to seek opportunities to build in other service territories.
[2] REGULAT ORY ISSUES In the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to regulation by, and are party to various claims and regulatory proceedings with FERC, the BPU, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and various state and federal environmental regulators, among others.
[3] Depending on their outcome, any of these matters could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition. 10 Table of Contents In a rulemaking proceeding issued in 2021, FERC proposed to eliminate the existing 50 basis point adder for RTO membership, which is currently available to PSE&G and other transmission owners in RTOs.
[4] Delays in the pass-through of costs or recovery of investments under these mechanisms could result in significant changes in PSE&G s cash flow.
[5] NERC continues to examine revising criteria for low-impact cyber systems, which could result in expanding the Critical Infrastructure Protection standards to a larger set of applicable cyber assets.
[6] PSEG is currently unable to estimate the impact of the CCR Rule, but it could have a material impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
[7] Wildlife and Habitat Protection Federal and state environmental laws and regulations govern activities that may harm certain wildlife or habitats.
[8] These factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial position, results of operations or cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this report.
[9] GENERAL OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL RISKS Inability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or construct T&D, and our nuclear generation projects could adversely impact our businesses.
[10] Failure to obtain regulatory or other approvals, delays, cost escalations or otherwise unsuccessful construction and development could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
[11] Further, certain negative public and political views by certain stakeholders on energy infrastructure could result in diminishing support for those investments.
[12] Actions that policymakers could implement in response to these affordability concerns could have a material, adverse impact on our business, strategy, growth rates, cash flows, results of operation, and financial condition.
