[1] The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a material adverse effect on our business or financial performance, which in turn can affect the price of our publicly traded securities.
[2] These are not the only risks we face.
[3] Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to innovate and anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers want and how they browse for, purchase and consume them.
[4] Any perception or allegation (whether or not valid) of failure to maintain adequate oversight over product quality or safety can result in product recalls, litigation, government investigations, inspections or inquiries or civil or criminal proceedings, all of which may result in fines, penalties, damages, criminal liability, damage to our reputation or changes in consumer demand.
[5] Any inability to compete effectively can adversely affect our business.
[6] Failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce can have an adverse effect on our business.
[7] Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization.
[8] Our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce and changing worker expectations regarding flexible work models.
[9] In addition, failure to attract, retain and develop associates in a manner that supports our culture can damage our business results and our reputation.
[10] Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers and hard discounters, while also maintaining relationships with our key customers operating in traditional retail channels (many of whom are also focused on increasing their e-commerce sales).
[11] In addition, our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to profitably expand direct-to-consumer e-commerce capabilities.
[12] Changing dynamics at the retail level have also impacted and may continue to impact our ability to grow in certain jurisdictions.
[13] Our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to grow in developing and emerging markets.
[14] Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets.
[15] Bribery Act and the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act; and adverse consequences, such as the assessment of fines or penalties, for any failure to comply with laws and regulations.
[16] Our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to expand our business in developing and emerging markets, effectively operate, or manage the risks associated with operating, in these markets, or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these markets.
[17] These factors may inhibit our ability to provide rapid, complete and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident to customers, counterparties and regulators, as well as the public.
[18] As a result, we are subject to the risk that the activities associated with our third-party service providers can adversely affect our business even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
[19] Although the cyber incidents and other systems disruptions that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, such incidents or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on us in the future.
[20] Failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions can adversely affect our business.
[21] The success of these transactions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent of the expected returns, benefits, cost savings or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all; and receipt of necessary consents, clearances and approvals.
[22] Strategic transactions that are not successfully completed or managed effectively, or our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with such transactions, have in the past and could continue to result in adverse effects on our business.
[23] In addition, failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions may impede our efforts to shift our portfolio to include new products that are less affected by the impact of ingredient-based taxes or other regulatory actions or scrutiny. 18 Table of Contents Our reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems can have an adverse effect on our business.
[24] We rely on third-party service providers, including software and cloud data service providers, for certain areas of our business, including procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, information technology support services and administrative functions (such as payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions).
[25] Failure by these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to us, or our failure to adequately monitor their performance, has in the past and could continue to result in our inability to achieve the expected cost savings or efficiencies and result in additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers.
[26] In addition, if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, our business could be adversely affected.
[27] This increased focus may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements, such as potential carbon pricing programs or revised product labeling requirements or other regulatory measures, which could, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, continue to result in significant increased costs and require additional investments in facilities and equipment.
[28] We could also be subjected to negative responses by governmental actors (such as anti-ESG legislation or retaliatory legislative treatment) or certain stakeholders (such as boycotts, litigation or negative publicity campaigns) that could adversely affect our business.
[29] Financial Risks Failure to realize benefits from our productivity initiatives or organizational restructurings can adversely affect our financial performance.
[30] Our future growth depends, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, including digitalization of our operations, our multi-year phased implementation of shared business service organizational models and organizational restructuring.
[31] Some of these measures could result in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees, reduced morale and productivity, unexpected employee attrition, an inability to attract or retain key personnel and negative publicity.
[32] If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives, digitalization of our operations or organizational restructurings as planned or do not achieve expected savings or efficiencies as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance.
[33] We rely on diverse packaging solutions to safely deliver products to our customers and consumers.
[34] We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding personal data protection and privacy laws.
[35] Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, have in the past resulted in and could in the future result in litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our reputation, fines or penalties, all of which can adversely affect our business.
[36] For example, economic and political conditions in countries where we are subject to taxes, including the United States, have in the past resulted in and could continue to result in significant changes in tax legislation or regulation.
[37] If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if we are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business can be adversely affected.
[38] Our competitive position and the value of our products and brands can be reduced and our business adversely affected if we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property, including our ingredient formulas, or if there is a change in law that limits or removes the current legal protections afforded our intellectual property.
[39] In addition, our use of artificial intelligence may result in increased claims of infringement or other claims, including those based on unauthorized use of third-party technology or content.
[40] Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business can adversely affect our business.
