[1] The following discussion of RISK FACTORS identifies significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance.
[2] Further, the maturity cash outflows of foreign currency debt and derivative instruments could be adversely impacted by significant appreciation of foreign currency exchange rates (particularly the Euro), which could adversely impact our overall cash flows and interest expense.
[3] Moreover, discriminatory or conflicting fiscal or trade policies in different countries, including changes to tariffs and existing trade policies and agreements, could adversely affect our results.
[4] Additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[5] In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient sales, income and cash flow, it could affect the Company s ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments.
[6] Changing political and geopolitical conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results.
[7] Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results.
[8] The potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, variability and unpredictability in trade relations such as U.S. trade relations, new or increased tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and cash flows.
[9] Ultimately, these could result in operational disruptions, loss of assets or impairments of our manufacturing plants and fixed assets or write-downs of other operating assets and working capital.
[10] A disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital.
[11] In addition, we rely on top-tier banking partners in key markets around the world, who themselves face economic, societal, political and other risks, for access to credit and to The Procter & Gamble Company 5 facilitate collection, payment and supply chain finance programs.
[12] A disruption to one or more of these top-tier partners could impact our ability to draw on existing credit facilities or otherwise adversely affect our cash flows or the cash flows of our customers and vendors.
[13] BUSINESS OPERATIONS RISKS Our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain.
[14] Our ability to meet our customers needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements.
[15] Failure to manage these fluctuations and to anticipate consumer reaction to our management of these fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations or cash flows.
[16] As a result, we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining sales and profit margins.
[17] Failure to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends and effectively compete in growing sales channels and business models, particularly e-commerce and mobile or social commerce applications, could negatively impact our results of operations or cash flows.
[18] Our success depends on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and are aligned with our pricing and profitability targets.
[19] If the reputation of the Company or one or more of our brands erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our financial results.
[20] If we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, environmental or social impacts or similar matters, sentiments toward the Company or our products could be negatively impacted, and our results of operations or cash flows could suffer.
[21] Consumer or broader stakeholder perceptions of these programs and initiatives widely vary and could adversely affect our business.
[22] We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
[23] If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted.
[24] Further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the Company, including the transparency and accuracy of the disclosures of ingredients in materials or processes, and the proper security of Company data and personal data, or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the Company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results.
[25] A significant information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity incident, or the failure of one or more key information or operations technology systems, networks, hardware, processes and/or associated sites involving the Company or one of its service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation.
[26] We rely extensively on information and operational technology (IT/OT) systems, networks and services, including internet and intranet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and technologies, physical security systems and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms.
[27] A breach of our data security systems or failure of our IT/OT databases and systems and those of our third-parties may have a material adverse impact on our business operations and financial results.
[28] In addition, such events could result in unauthorized disclosure or loss of confidential information or stakeholder information, including personal data from customers, consumers, employees, vendors, investors and other stakeholders, and we may suffer financial and reputational damage as a result.
[29] If such a new system or technology does not function properly, provides flawed or inaccurate outputs or exposes us to increased cybersecurity incidents and failures, it could affect our ability to order materials, make and ship orders and process payments in addition to other operational and information integrity and loss issues.
[30] The costs and operational consequences of responding to the above items and implementing remediation measures could be significant and could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows and generate negative publicity affecting Company reputation and relationships among consumers, customers and other business partners.
[31] BUSINESS STRATEGY & ORGANIZATIONAL RISKS Our ability to meet our growth targets depends on successful product, marketing and operations innovation and successful responses to competitive innovation, evolving digital marketing and selling platforms and changing consumer habits.
[32] Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent as part of our overall succession planning.
[33] Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while continuing to invest in business growth, could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
[34] Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include: employee morale; our reputation; the impacts of political, social and geopolitical polarization; competition from other employers and availability of qualified individuals.
[35] If we are unable to continue to meet these challenges and comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results.
[36] Additionally, we are currently, and in the future may be, subject to a number of inquiries, investigations, claims, proceedings and requests for information from governmental agencies or private parties, the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business.
[37] Failure to successfully manage these new or pending regulatory and legal matters and resolve such matters without significant liability or damage to our reputation may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[38] Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations and resolutions of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results.
[39] Furthermore, we are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities.
