[1] RISK FACTORS The following "RISK FACTORS" identify what we believe to be the risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance.
[2] Business and Operational Risks Risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions may harm our business and make it difficult to project long-term performance.
[3] In addition, our responses to mitigate the impact of these conditions, such as potential price increases, could negatively impact our market share or relationships with distributors or customers.
[4] If these conditions deteriorate or remain at depressed levels for extended periods, however, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[5] As a global business, we are exposed to economic, political and other risks in different countries in which we operate, which could materially reduce our sales, profitability or cash flows, or materially increase our liabilities.
[6] Any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, including trade with China, could adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
[7] We rely extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate our business, some of which are managed or accessible by third parties.
[8] In addition to existing risks, any adoption or deployment of or exposure to new technologies via acquisitions or internal initiatives or changes to our information technology systems as a result of divestitures may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
[9] Such events may result in possible negative consequences, such as fines, ransom demands, penalties, failure to comply with laws governing sensitive data, loss of reputation, intellectual property, competitiveness or customers, increased security and compliance costs or other negative consequences.
[10] Price and supply fluctuations of the raw materials used in our production processes and by our suppliers of component parts could negatively impact our financial results.
[11] Prices for raw materials necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases could adversely affect our results of operations and profit margins.
[12] Our efforts to manage these fluctuations by, among other things, passing along price increases to our customers, may be subject to a time delay between the increased raw material prices and our ability to increase the price of our products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of our products due to pricing pressure, contract terms or other factors.
[13] Any such inability to manage fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
[14] As a result, we may not be able to increase our prices commensurately with our increased costs.
[15] Consequently, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[16] The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism or violence, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in the United States or in other countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.
[17] The impacts of these unexpected events are difficult to predict but could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 10 Table of Contents Changes in the demand for and supply of our products may adversely affect our financial results, financial condition and cash flow.
[18] If any of these factors occur, the demand for and supply of our products could suffer, which could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations.
[19] If we are unable to successfully introduce new commercial products, our profitability could be adversely affected.
[20] Our ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources.
[21] If we cannot develop, or have difficulties or delays developing new and enhanced products and services, or if we fail to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, our revenues may be materially reduced and our competitive position could be materially adversely affected.
[22] In addition, we may invest in research and development of products and services, or in acquisitions or other investments, that do not lead to significant revenue, which could adversely affect our profitability.
[23] Changes in the competitive environment in which we operate may eliminate any competitive advantages that we currently have, which could adversely impact our business.
[24] Our operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect our results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in our margins or market shares.
[25] We may be required to make material expenditures in order to comply with environmental laws and regulations, to address the effects of climate change and to respond to customer needs and investor expectations regarding climate-related goals, each of which may negatively impact our business.
[26] Among other laws, we are subject to the U.S. federal "Superfund" law, under which we have been designated as a "potentially responsible party" and may be liable for clean-up costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the United States Environmental Protection Agency s Superfund priority list.
[27] Increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change concerns could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw material costs.
[28] We are not able to predict how such regulations would affect our business, operations or financial results, but increased regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 11 Table of Contents Climate change could also present risks to our operations.
[29] We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources.
[30] In addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals.
[31] Strategic Transactions Risks We are subject to risks relating to acquisitions and joint ventures, and risks relating to the integration of acquired companies.
[32] If we are unable to avoid these risks, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[33] In addition, we may not be able to integrate successfully any businesses that we purchase into our existing business, and it is possible that any acquired businesses or joint ventures may not be profitable.
[34] If we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
[35] Financial Risks Increasing costs of certain employee and retiree benefits could adversely affect our liability for such benefits.
[36] Significant changes in market interest rates and decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets would increase funding requirements and expenses and may adversely impact our results of operations.
[37] If healthcare costs rise significantly and we continue to absorb the majority of these costs, these increasing costs may adversely impact our future results of operations.
[38] Additional liabilities relating to changes in tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely impact our financial condition and cash flow.
[39] We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions.
[40] If these audits result in assessments different from estimated amounts, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company s tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and cash flow.
