[1] Ongoing volatility in interest rates may negatively impact our operations and financial results.
[2] These factors could adversely affect the sales or pricing of our homes and could also reduce the volume or margins in our financial services business.
[3] Any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these agencies could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans.
[4] Additionally, the availability of FHA and VA mortgage financing, which is subject to the same interest rate and lending term risks, is an important factor in marketing some of our homes, and reduced availability of these financing options could negatively impact our results of operations.
[5] If inflation persists or increases, we may not be able to adjust the pricing we charge for homes to offset these increased costs, which would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
[6] Several of these factors, along with the consolidation of ownership of the source of supply for certain building materials, could result in increases to the prices of some materials.
[7] We may not be able to pass on increases in construction costs to customers and generally are unable to pass on any such increases to customers who have already entered into sales contracts as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home.
[8] Sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, and pricing competition may restrict our ability to pass on any such additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins.
[9] Our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding in accordance with our land investment criteria.
[10] Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
[11] Any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land costs.
[12] We may not be able to pass through to our customers any increased land costs, which could adversely impact our earnings and margins. 11 If the market value of our land drops significantly, our profits could decrease and result in write-downs of the carrying values of land we own.
[13] If housing demand decreases below what we anticipated when we acquired our inventory, our profitability could be adversely affected, we may experience less-than-anticipated profits, and/or we may not be able to recover our costs when we sell and build homes.
[14] If market conditions were to deteriorate in the future, we could elect to not execute additional options and again be required to record significant write-downs to our land inventory, which would decrease the asset values reflected on our balance sheet and could materially and adversely affect our earnings and our shareholders' equity.
[15] An inability to accurately predict customer preferences or demand, or to respond effectively to technological developments, including artificial intelligence, could materially impact the business.
[16] If we are unable to successfully and accurately develop, integrate, and use AI technology, as well as address the risks and challenges associated with AI, our business, results of operations, and financial position could be negatively impacted.
[17] These matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation and other costs, and could prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas.
[18] They also subject our operations to examination by applicable agencies, pursuant to which those agencies may limit our ability to provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes.
[19] As a homebuilder, we are subject to home warranty, construction defect, and other claims arising in the ordinary course of business.
[20] We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes and, in some cases, to select and procure building materials.
[21] While these issues have not had a material impact on our business thus far, continued increases in insurance costs, further limitations on coverage availability, or insufficient insurance coverage for business interruptions or losses could adversely affect home affordability, demand, and our operating results in the future.
[22] The impact of climate change or other governmental regulation may adversely impact our business.
[23] For instance, the requirement to modify our home designs mandated by upgraded building codes or recommended practices given a region s particular exposure to climate conditions can increase our costs, which we may not be able to recoup by increasing the price of our homes.
[24] Without sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to purchase additional land or develop land, which could adversely affect our financial results.
[25] If we are unable to obtain letters of credit or surety bonds when required, or the conditions imposed by issuers increase significantly, our liquidity and cost of operations could be adversely affected.
[26] Such differences could have a material adverse effect on our income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made and, consequently, on our financial position, cash flows, or net income.
[27] Our inability to sell mortgages into the secondary market could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.
[28] We are subject to claims related to mortgage loans we sold in the secondary mortgage market that may be significant.
[29] The resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
[30] If we are unable to adequately implement and maintain procedures and controls relating to our new ERP systems, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired and impact our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
[31] General RISK FACTORS Information technology failures or data security breaches could harm our business and result in substantial costs.
[32] In addition to direct cyber-attacks on, or other disruptions of, our systems, cyber-attacks on, or other disruptions of, the systems of our suppliers, financial service companies, service providers, and other parties on which we rely to conduct our business can result in their inability to provide services to us and impact our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course.
[33] Depending on its nature, a particular breach or series of breaches of our systems may result in the unauthorized use, appropriation or loss of confidential or proprietary information on a one-time or continuing basis, which may not be detected for a period of time.
[34] Negative publicity could negatively impact sales, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline.
[35] Our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment.
[36] In addition, we could decide or be required to make material expenditures related to the settlement of such issues or disputes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[37] The loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees could negatively affect our business.
[38] Also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees in key roles or geographies where we are not able to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[39] Public health emergencies may result in measures taken by international, federal, state, and local governments, agencies, law enforcement, and or health authorities, including travel restrictions, quarantines, business closures, workforce limitations, and other regulatory or emergency actions.
[40] Any epidemic, pandemic, or similar public health issue, including events like COVID-19, and the related governmental, regulatory, or private sector responses could adversely affect our operations, supply chain, workforce availability, customer demand, and ability to deliver products or services.
