[1] RISK FACTORS Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including but not limited to, our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, ability to make distributions and payments to security holders and the market value of our securities.
[2] Risks Related to our Global Operations As a global company, we are subject to social, geopolitical and economic risks associated with conducting business in many countries and our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
[3] Any prolonged economic downturn, disruption in the financial markets or public health crises may also impact our ability to access capital markets to issue debt or equity securities and to complete real estate transactions at attractive pricing or at all.
[4] Compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs.
[5] Noncompliance could result in the imposition of governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants.
[6] Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
[7] Disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect the market price of our securities and our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders.
[8] The depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
[9] While we endeavor to manage this risk through our hedging and financing activities, a significant change 14 Table of Contents in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our business and, specifically, our U.S. dollar reported financial position and results of operations.
[10] The failure to hedge effectively against foreign exchange changes or interest rate changes may adversely affect our business.
[11] Business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors may adversely impact California s economic climate.
[12] Because of the investment we have located in California, a downturn in California s economy or real estate conditions, including state income tax and property tax laws, could adversely affect our business.
[13] Any material oversupply of logistics space or material reduction in demand for logistics space could adversely affect our overall business.
[14] Real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions.
[15] If we do not satisfy certain safe harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain from the sale, we may not pursue such sales.
[16] Our ability to sell or contribute properties on advantageous terms is affected by: (i) competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties; (ii) economic and market conditions, including the capitalization rates applicable to our properties; and (iii) other factors beyond our control.
[17] If our competitors sell assets similar to assets we intend to divest in the same markets or at valuations below our valuations for comparable assets, we may be unable to divest our assets at favorable pricing or at all.
[18] If we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations, sales or contributions of properties or available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity.
[19] Additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely affect our business, and in particular, our distributable cash flow and debt covenants.
[20] Investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business.
[21] These factors may affect our ability to recover our investment in the properties and result in impairment charges.
[22] Our customers may be unable to meet their lease obligations or we may be unable to lease vacant space, renew leases or re-lease space on favorable terms as leases expire.
[23] In the event of default by a significant number of customers, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord, and we may be unable to re-lease spaces.
[24] A customer may experience a downturn in its business, which may cause the loss of the customer or may weaken its financial condition, resulting in the customer s failure to make rental payments when due or requiring a restructuring that might reduce cash flow from the lease.
[25] In addition, a customer may seek the protection of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, which could result in the rejection and termination of such customer s lease and thereby cause a reduction in our available cash flow.
[26] Additionally, rising inflation or costs could negatively impact our net operating income on existing leases with contractual guaranteed base rent and fixed charges, inclusive of certain rental expenses.
[27] We may acquire properties and companies that involve risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
[28] We may be unable to integrate the operations of newly acquired companies and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits or do so within the anticipated timeframe.
[29] The same factors that impact the valuation of our consolidated portfolio, as discussed above, also impact the portfolios held by the co-investment ventures and could result in other than temporary impairment of our investment and a reduction in fee revenues.
[30] We generally seek to maintain sufficient influence over our co-investment ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to continue to do so indefinitely.
[31] These companies may not be successful at raising additional capital or generating cash flows to sustain operations, which could result in the impairment of our investment.
[32] We are exposed to various environmental risks, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition.
[33] We are exposed to the impacts of climate change and could be required to comply with new or stricter regulations, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition.
[34] The impacts of climate change on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral.
[35] Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business.
[36] Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could negatively impact our business.
[37] Any such losses or higher insurance costs could adversely affect our business. 19 Table of Contents A number of our investments, both wholly owned and owned through co-investment ventures, are located in areas that are known to be subject to earthquake activity.
