[1] Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth in the future.
[2] Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers or if we are required to refund customer deposits.
[3] We may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts, which may result in lower than expected revenue.
[4] In addition, delays in the completion of the U.S. government s budgeting process, the use of continuing resolutions, and a potential lapse in appropriations, or similar events in other jurisdictions, have and could in the future adversely affect our ability to timely recognize revenue under certain government contracts.
[5] If we are unable to realize all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[6] If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be harmed.
[7] As we continue to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, retaining, and motivating our employee base of 4,429 full-time employees as of December 31, 2025 in various countries around the world.
[8] As our organization continues to grow and operate as a public company, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our traditional company culture, including our ability to quickly respond to customers, and avoid unnecessary delays that may be associated with a formal corporate structure.
[9] Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth.
[10] If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed.
[11] This could negatively affect our business performance or ability to hire or retain personnel in the near- or long-term.
[12] We anticipate our operating expenses will continue to increase and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future.
[13] Though we have integrated shorter, more cost-effective programs such as bootcamps, these initial deployments (including bootcamps) may result in no or minimal future revenue.
[14] We may also encounter unforeseen or unpredictable factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, unforeseen operating expenses, or other complications or delays, which may result in increased costs, or cause us to generate less revenue from our customers than we anticipated.
[15] We may not be able to continue to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset increases in our costs of revenue and operating expenses in the near term or at all, which would prevent us from maintaining profitability in the future.
[16] Any failure by us to maintain or increase profitability in the future or achieve our profitability targets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[17] We typically close a large portion of our sales in the last several weeks of a quarter, which impacts our ability to plan and manage margins and cash flows.
[18] A delay in the timing of receipt of such collections, or a default on a large contract, may negatively impact our liquidity for the period and in the future.
[19] The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other key metrics for a particular period.
[20] If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits.
[21] We and certain of our officers and directors were sued in purported class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources.
[22] For example, increased government spending on technology aimed at national defense, financial or policy regulation, cybersecurity, or healthcare mandates may drive customer demand at different times throughout our year, the timing of which we may not be able to anticipate and may cause fluctuations in our results of operations.
[23] If we do not successfully develop and deploy new technologies (such as technologies incorporating AI) to address the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations could suffer.
[24] Our success has been based on our ability to design software and products that enable the integration of data into a common operating environment to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge management, and collaboration.
[25] If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate customer demand or if we fail to develop our platforms in a manner that satisfies customer preferences or needs in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing customers or increase demand for our platforms.
[26] Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by customers brought against us, any of which could harm our business.
[27] If customers do not widely adopt our new platforms, products, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
[28] We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand identity and reputation is important to our relationships with, and to our ability to attract and retain customers, partners, investors, and employees.
[29] The successful promotion of our brand depends upon our ability to continue to offer high-quality software, maintain strong relationships with our customers, the community, and others, while successfully differentiating our platforms from those of our competitors.
[30] Unfavorable media coverage, or media coverage that creates or enhances misconceptions or falsehoods about our business or contracts, regardless of its accuracy or the reputability of its source, may adversely affect our brand and reputation.
[31] If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand identity and reputation, we may fail to attract and retain employees, customers, investors, or partners, grow our business, or sustain pricing power, all of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects.
[32] Additionally, despite our internal safeguards and efforts to the contrary, and as our platforms and products become more widely accessible, we cannot guarantee that our customers will not ultimately use our platforms for purposes inconsistent with our company values, and such uses may harm our brand and reputation.
[33] Actions we take in response to the activities of our customers, up to and including terminating our contracts or refusing a particular product use case could harm our brand and reputation.
[34] Any of these factors could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[35] If we are unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, including Alexander Karp, one of our founders and our Chief Executive Officer, and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand around the world, our business could suffer.
[36] Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified personnel.
[37] The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales, delays in product development, and harm to our business and operations.
[38] At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all.
[39] We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner.
[40] If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed.
