[1] Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our operating results, our financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
[2] We elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in Item 7, Business Environment .
[3] Our strategic priority is the continued introduction, commercialization, and growth of our SFPs and if these efforts are not successful, in key markets or systematically, our financial results and future growth prospects may be materially adversely impacted.
[4] The decline in the consumption of cigarettes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and profitability, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our smoke-free transformation.
[5] However, these proposed guidance documents could ultimately lead to restrictions on the availability of certain of our SFPs or access to accurate information about them in one or more of our current or future markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and growth prospects.
[6] More specifically, requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to access and convert to our SFPs, as well as any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and growth prospects.
[7] Federal, state or local government action, including regulatory actions and inaction by the FDA, may have a material adverse impact on our commercialization of SFPs and in our business in the United States.
[8] Failure to successfully manage compliance and to resolve any disputes that may arise regarding the application of legal and administrative requirements to our products could negatively impact the timing, manner, or success of our SFP commercialization in the United States, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, or profitability.
[9] We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations .
[10] We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business.
[11] Certain SFP competitors may alienate consumers from innovative products through inappropriate marketing campaigns, messaging and inferior product satisfaction, and without scientific substantiation based on 9 appropriate R&D protocols and standards, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.
[12] We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences.
[13] Furthermore, restrictions pertaining to packaging, labeling, or promotional and advertising activities may limit our ability to effectively communicate product innovations intended to address changing adult consumer preferences.
[14] Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, profitability, and prospects for growth.
[15] The impact of this lower predictability on our projected results for a specific period may be significant, due to geopolitical or macroeconomic events that negatively impact SFP availability or adoption, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[16] Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, maintain sufficient production capacity, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix.
[17] Our profit growth may be materially adversely impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully, to meet the demand for our products with increased production capacity, to raise prices, or to improve the proportion of our sales of higher margin products and in higher margin geographies.
[18] Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation.
[19] As a result, we may be unable to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent with the right degree of diversity, experience and skills to achieve our strategic goals.
[20] Each of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, results of operations, revenues, cash flows and profitability.
[21] If we are not successful in our efforts to maintain differentiation, SFP unit margins may be materially adversely affected, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, revenues, cash flows, and profitability.
[22] Changes in the earnings mix and changes in tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates.
[23] Our ability to receive payments from foreign subsidiaries or to repatriate royalties and dividends could be restricted by local country currency exchange controls and other regulations.
[24] We are subject to income tax laws in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.
[25] Changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD"), which could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate thereby reducing our net earnings.
[26] Such changes, as well as changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, or positions, could also have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate thereby reducing our net earnings.
[27] In future periods, our ability to recover deferred tax assets could be subject to additional uncertainty as a result of such developments.
[28] Furthermore, changes in the earnings mix or applicable foreign tax laws may result in significant variability in our effective tax rates.
[29] Unstable geopolitical conditions or events in certain markets, including international conflicts, civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism, governmental changes, or changes in international relations could result in negative tax impacts.
[30] As a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, certain taxing jurisdictions, including the U.S., have proposed punitive tax legislation applicable to companies doing business in Russia, which could also have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate if enacted thereby reducing our net earnings.
[31] This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.
[32] Disruptions in the credit markets or changes to our credit ratings may adversely affect our business.
[33] Disruption in the credit markets, limitations on our ability to borrow, slower than anticipated debt deleveraging, or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
[34] If an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
[35] In the event of a divestment, our ability to fully realize the value of the business would likely be subject to material impairment.
[36] These developments have and will continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position, and may result in further impairment charges.
[37] The conflict also continues to elevate the likelihood of supply chain disruptions, both in the region and globally, and may inhibit our ability to timely source materials and services needed to make and sell our products.
[38] Furthermore, the imposition of various restrictions on transactions with parties from certain jurisdictions, the ban on exports of various products, and other economic and financial restrictions may adversely affect us or certain third parties with which we do business in Russia, such as customers, suppliers, intermediaries, service providers and banks.
[39] The conflict may also heighten many other risks disclosed in this Form 10-K, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
[40] Such diminished control may lead to disruption in the distribution of our products and may have a material adverse effect on the quality and availability of products or services, our supply chain, and the speed and flexibility in our response to changing market conditions and adult consumer preferences, all of which may place us at a competitive disadvantage or negatively impact our reputation.
