[1] RISK FACTORS We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[2] Any one or more of these RISK FACTORS could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
[3] These RISK FACTORS and other risks we face are also discussed further in other sections of this Report.
[4] We are, however, susceptible to the risk that foreign economic conditions, trade policies (including tariffs) and geopolitical tensions could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
[5] The impact that these changes may have on our operations or financial condition are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities.
[6] These regulations and their implementation can have a significant impact on our businesses and operations and our ability to grow and expand.
[7] As a regulated financial services firm, we are subject to numerous governmental regulations and comprehensive oversight by a variety of regulatory agencies and enforcement authorities.
[8] As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, the stability of the U.S. banking and financial system (including protection of the DIF)), the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer protection that are not primarily intended to protect PNC security holders.
[9] Different approaches to regulation by different jurisdictions, including potentially conflicting federal and state regulations or state level regulations where we operate, could materially increase our compliance costs or risks of non-compliance.
[10] These activities also could result in significant fines, penalties or required corrective actions, some of which could be expensive, difficult to implement or materially impact our business or financial condition.
[11] A failure to comply with regulatory requirements or deficiencies in risk management practices could be incorporated in our confidential supervisory ratings, which could limit PNC s ability to expand or require additional approvals before engaging in certain business activities.
[12] We are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect our business, operations and ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders.
[13] Limitations on PNC s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, including PNC Bank, could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on and make repurchases of its capital stock, especially to the extent that PNC must first service any outstanding debt obligations.
[14] We may be constrained in our ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions.
[15] In addition, liquidity standards require us to maintain holdings of highly liquid short-term investments, thereby reducing our ability to invest in longer-term or less liquid assets, even if more desirable from an earnings, balance sheet or interest rate risk management perspective.
[16] Our ability to operate our business could be impaired if our liquidity is unexpectedly constrained.
[17] A negative impact on our liquidity would likely limit our ability to support our operations and fund outstanding liabilities as well as meet regulatory expectations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
[18] Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds, increase our cost of capital and limit the number of investors or counterparties willing to do business with us.
[19] For example, downgrades could negatively impact our right to continue to service mortgages and hold related escrows and reserves.
[20] Downgrades could also adversely affect our ability to attract or retain customers, including deposits.
[21] Privacy and personal data rights initiatives have imposed and will continue to impose additional operational burdens on PNC, and they may limit our ability to pursue desirable business initiatives and increase the risks associated with any future gathering, maintenance, use, transmission and other processing of personal information.
[22] These types of initiatives increase compliance complexity and related costs, may result in significant financial penalties for compliance failures, and may limit our ability to develop new products or respond to technological changes.
[23] Climate-related risks could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.
[24] Risks Related to the Use of Technology The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses.
[25] As a result, we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, monitor and report on our transactions and those of our customers.
[26] A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations, because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not rolled out in a timely manner, or because we fail to keep pace with our competitors, would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense.
[27] Our ability to maintain or enhance our technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees.
[28] Where we rely on access to third-party intellectual property, whether now or in the future, it may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
[29] If we fail to comply with any applicable obligations under our license agreements, or another person or entity were deemed to own intellectual property rights infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated by our activities, we could be responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these types of activities.
[30] Our third-party licensors may also have the right to terminate the license, which may cause us to lose valuable rights, and could disrupt our operations.
[31] Our ability to create, obtain, maintain and report on information in an accurate, timely and secure manner is a foundational component of our business.
[32] In addition, our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to design flaws, software bugs, errors, hardware failures, outages, bad weather, disasters, bad actors, terrorism, civil unrest, military conflict and the like.
[33] Although we regularly update and replace technology that we depend on as our needs evolve and technology improves, we continue to utilize some older technology that may not be as reliable as newer ones.
[34] Our ability to maintain, timely update and replace technology can become more challenging as the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of information on technology increases.
[35] In some cases, the risk results from the potential for bad acts on the part of others, discussed in more detail in the Risk Factor headed We are vulnerable to the risk of cyber attacks and breaches affecting the functioning of technology or the confidentiality of information that could adversely affect our customers and our business.
[36] We rely on technology maintained by other companies.
[37] Technology maintained by or for these other companies is generally subject to many of the same risks we face with respect to our technology and thus their issues could have a negative impact on PNC.
[38] Any delays in receiving timely information from impacted companies upon whom we rely can affect our ability to detect, mitigate and remediate any failures or interruptions, including our ability to fully meet applicable disclosure requirements for a given incident.
[39] We may also be held responsible for failures and interruptions, including our ability to fully meet applicable disclosure requirements for a given incident.
[40] We may also be held responsible for failures and interruptions attributed to such other companies upon whom we rely as they relate to the information we share with them.
