[1] Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this document.
[2] Recessions, economic downturns, inflation, slowing economic growth and social and political instability in the industries and/or markets where we compete could negatively affect our revenues and financial performance in future periods, result in future restructuring charges and adversely impact our ability to grow or sustain our business.
[3] In addition, military conflicts, such as those between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, and their impact on economies, may adversely impact our results of operations.
[4] We compete in attractive markets with a high level of competition, which may result in pressure on our profit margins and limit our ability to maintain or increase the market share of our products.
[5] Furthermore, new entrants into, or consolidation among competitors in, the markets we serve may result in new ways to bring products and services to market, which, in turn may negatively impact our profit margins.
[6] If we are unable to continue to differentiate our products, services and solutions or adapt to changes in customer purchasing behavior or shifts in distribution channels, or if we are unable to maintain our desired pricing or forced to incur additional costs to remain competitive, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[7] Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to transform and adapt our products, services, solutions and organization to meet the demands of local markets in both developed and emerging economies and by developing or acquiring new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins.
[8] We must also monitor emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, and business models, and we may not be able to take advantage of such technologies, which could include not being able to attract and retain talent that would enable us to leverage such technologies.
[9] The failure of our products, services or solutions to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors, the introduction of new competitors to the market with new or innovative product offerings or the failure to address any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[10] We may not be able to identify, finance and complete suitable acquisitions and investments, and any completed acquisitions and investments may be unsuccessful or consume significant resources.
[11] We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, obtain financing or have sufficient cash necessary for acquisitions or successfully complete acquisitions in the future.
[12] Any acquisitions or investments may not be successful or realize the intended benefits and may ultimately result in impairment charges or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[13] In addition, we may not be able to achieve accelerated growth or ongoing margin expansion and operating efficiencies to reduce costs or realize benefits that we anticipate in connection with the foregoing initiatives.
[14] If we are unable to execute these initiatives as planned, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . 8 We may experience cost increases and other inflation.
[15] Continued cost inflation, new or increased tariffs, or our failure to increase prices, generate cost savings or improve productivity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[16] Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability.
[17] These disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them may increase product, logistics or labor costs, limit availability of raw materials or cause delays in delivering our backlog, or may cause an inability to deliver products to our customers or meet customer demand.
[18] We rely on these suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws.
[19] Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner may be a challenge, especially with respect to raw materials and components sourced from outside the U.S. and from countries or regions with diminished infrastructure, developing or failing economies or which are experiencing political instability or social unrest.
[20] A supplier's failure to meet our standards, provide products in a timely and efficient manner or comply with applicable laws is beyond our control.
[21] These issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[22] Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks.
[23] We cannot provide assurance that these and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business as a whole.
[24] Changes in U.S. or foreign government administrative policy, including the imposition of, or increases in, tariffs and changes to existing trade agreements, could have a material adverse effect on us.
[25] Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and on-time delivery could damage our reputation with customers and negatively impact our results.
[26] Product and service quality issues could harm customer confidence in our company and our brands.
[27] In addition, a recall or claim could require us to review some or all of our product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other products, which could result in a significant disruption to our business and our results of operations.
[28] Accordingly, there is a risk that products will have defects, which could result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance and require a product recall or field corrective action.
[29] Our ability to compete and generate sales 10 depends in part on our capacity to meet customer demand and ensure that products and services are delivered to the customer on time.
[30] If we are unable to manufacture and deliver products to customers on time, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks.
[31] The inability to deliver our products to customers on time could also restrict our manufacturing capacity, which could lead to the loss of customers and restrict our ability to grow sales.
[32] The failure to address any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[33] Intellectual property challenges may hinder our ability to develop, engineer and market our products.
[34] If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights or register new patents, our competitive position could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[35] We have significant goodwill and intangible assets and future impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[36] A decline in fair market value could result in future goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges.
[37] A loss of, or material cancellation, reduction, or delay in purchases by, or delivery of products to, one or more of our largest customers could harm our business.
[38] Our customers also may be impacted by economic conditions in the industries of those customers, which could result in reduced demand for or a delay in purchases of our products.
[39] In addition, we may not be able to timely deliver products to our largest customers due to supply chain interruptions or otherwise.
[40] The loss of one or more of our largest customers, any material cancellation of, reduction to, or delay in purchases by, or delivery of products to, these customers or our inability to successfully develop relationships with additional customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
