[1] Failure to comply can subject APS to, among other things, fines and penalties.
[2] For example, under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, FERC can impose penalties (approximately $1.2 million per day per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards.
[3] In particular, new or revised laws or interpretations of existing laws or regulations may impact or call into question the ACC s permissive regulatory authority, which may result in uncertainty as to jurisdictional authority within our state, and uncertainty as to whether ACC decisions will be binding or challenged by other agencies or bodies asserting jurisdiction.
[4] The increased costs resulting from penalties, a heightened level of scrutiny and implementation of plans to achieve compliance with NRC requirements may adversely affect APS s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[5] If there is a delay or failure to obtain any required environmental regulatory approval, or if APS fails to obtain, 33 Table of Contents maintain, or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be suspended or subject to additional expenses.
[6] In addition, failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil liability as a result of government enforcement actions or private claims or criminal penalties.
[7] Revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs incurred by APS are not fully recoverable from APS s customers, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
[8] Due to current or potential future regulations or legislation coupled with trends in natural gas and coal prices, or other clean energy rules or initiatives, the economics or feasibility of continuing to own certain resources, particularly coal facilities, may deteriorate, warranting early retirement of those plants, which may result in asset impairments.
[9] Co-owners of our jointly owned generation and transmission facilities may have unaligned goals and positions due to the effects of legislation, regulations, economic conditions, or changes in our industry, which could have a significant impact on our ability to continue operations of such facilities.
[10] Changes in the nature of our industry and the economic viability of certain plants and facilities, including impacts resulting from types and availability of other resources, fuel costs, legislation, and regulation, together with timing considerations related to the expiration of leases or other agreements for such facilities, could result in unaligned positions among co-owners.
[11] Deregulation or restructuring of the electric industry and other factors may result in increased competition, which could have a significant adverse impact on APS s business and its results of operations.
[12] Modification of the ACC s retail electric competition rules or other efforts of deregulation and other factors, such as customers installing behind the meter technologies or large customers developing large, utility scale generation projects to serve their energy needs, may result increased competition, which could have a significant adverse impact on APS s business and results of operations.
[13] Any damage caused as a result of wildfires could negatively impact APS s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
[14] Reductions in the availability of water for power plant cooling could negatively impact APS s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
[15] Reduced demand due to these energy efficiency requirements, distributed energy requirements and other emerging technologies, unless substantially offset through ratemaking mechanisms, could have a material adverse impact on APS s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[16] If they do choose to locate within our service territory, we may not be able to provide sufficient electric service within the time period they require due to capital or other constraints.
[17] The impact of wildfires could negatively affect APS s results of operations.
[18] However, APS s fire mitigation efforts may be insufficient to prevent wildfires in APS s expansive service territory and surrounding areas and could result in claims alleging damages due to the use, non-use, timing, or effectiveness of such measures.
[19] Furthermore, any damage caused to our assets, loss of service to our customers, or liability imposed as a result of wildfires could negatively impact APS s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
[20] The operation of power generation facilities and transmission systems involves risks that could result in reduced output or unscheduled outages or could otherwise significantly impact APS s results of operations .
[21] Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the larger transmission power grid, and the operation or failure of our facilities could adversely affect the operations of others.
[22] The inability to successfully develop, acquire or operate generation and transmission facilities to meet future resource needs and load forecasts in accordance with reliability requirements and other new or evolving standards and regulations could adversely impact our business.
[23] Macroeconomic and geopolitical factors may also impact our ability to procure the generation and other equipment we need to meet customer demand.
[24] APS s inability to do so could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
[25] APS cannot predict the effect that any such opposition may have on our ability to develop, construct, and operate fossil fuel infrastructure projects in the future.
[26] The lack of access to sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on APS s business and results of operations.
[27] APS s inability to access sufficient supplies of water, along with that of its customers, could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
[28] We are subject to risk related to cybersecurity, IT systems, and unauthorized access to our systems that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
[29] We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms.
[30] These types of events as well as the impacts of integrating new IT systems could also require significant management attention and resources and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
[31] We are subject to laws and rules issued by multiple government agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of our security, customer information and business information.
[32] Experiencing a cybersecurity incident could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as those promulgated by NERC and the NRC, privacy laws, or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties.
[33] We may not be able to anticipate and prevent all cyberattacks or information security breaches, and our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices may not be effective against all threat actors.
[34] There are inherent risks in the ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, such as environmental, health, fuel supply, spent fuel disposal, regulatory and financial risks and the risk of terrorist attack that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
[35] Although APS has no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at Palo Verde, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
[36] Advances in technology and equipment/appliance efficiency could reduce the demand for supply from conventional generation, including carbon-free nuclear generation, and increase the complexity of managing APS s information technology and power system operations, which could adversely affect APS s business.
[37] We are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
[38] Although we have undertaken efforts to recruit, train and develop new employees, we face increased competition for talent.
[39] We are subject to other employee workforce factors, such as the availability and retention of qualified personnel and the need to negotiate collective bargaining agreements with union employees.
[40] These or other employee workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 41 Table of Contents FINANCIAL RISKS A downgrade of our credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
