[1] Accordingly, our ability to continue to generate revenue is highly reliant on our ability to successfully market and sell our Omnipod products to new and existing customers, which could be negatively impacted by the risks described throughout these RISK FACTORS.
[2] Failure to continue to successfully market and sell our Omnipod products or to retain and grow our customer base would have a negative impact our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations.
[3] Our ability to grow our revenue depends in part on our retaining a high percentage of our customers.
[4] If demand for our products decreases as a result of economic conditions, competition, perceived inadequate customer service, product performance issues or otherwise, our ability to retain customers could be harmed.
[5] The failure to retain a high percentage of our customers would negatively impact our revenue growth and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[6] If we do not effectively manage our rapid growth, our business resources may become strained and we may not be able to deliver our products in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[7] We may misjudge the amount of time or resources that will be required to effectively manage any anticipated or unanticipated growth in our business, we may not be able to manufacture sufficient inventory, and we may not be able to attract, hire, and retain sufficient personnel to meet our expanding needs.
[8] Failure to secure or retain adequate coverage or reimbursement for our products by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations.
[9] Further, we anticipate that recently enacted and proposed legislative changes affecting Medicare, Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act may impact healthcare coverage, which, if implemented could adversely affect both demand for and pricing of our products.
[10] Moreover, compliance with administrative procedures or requirements of third-party payors may result in delays in the payor processing approvals for coverage of Omnipod products.
[11] As we expand our sales and marketing efforts internationally, we face additional risks associated with obtaining and maintaining reimbursement from foreign healthcare payment systems on a timely basis or at all.
[12] The marketing and sales initiatives driving this product line differ markedly from those on which we rely for our sales of Omnipod products to treat diabetes since the non-insulin drug delivery devices depend on marketing and sales to pharmaceutical companies, not to users and clinicians.
[13] Risks Related to Competition and Product Development Our failure to compete effectively would negatively impact our revenue and results of operations.
[14] Our competitors may develop products in the future that are superior to ours which would inhibit our ability to compete effectively.
[15] MDI therapy, including smart pens, can be substantially less expensive than pump therapy, and improvements in the effectiveness of MDI therapy may result in fewer people than we expect converting from MDI therapy to pump therapy, which could result in price pressure and decreased revenue.
[16] If prices were to fall, our results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
[17] Any of these events may negatively affect our sales efforts and result in decreased revenue. 15 Table of Contents Our new product development initiatives may prove to be ineffective or not commercially successful.
[18] If we are unable to develop and launch new products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be negatively impacted.
[19] Our failure to introduce commercially successful new and innovative products in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[20] Future market or clinical studies may be unfavorable to our Omnipod products and their efficacy, which could hinder our sales efforts and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
[21] Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[22] Risks Related to our Intellectual Property We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could limit our ability to sell our products profitably, or at all, and cause us to incur additional costs.
[23] Our success depends in part on our ability to develop or acquire commercially valuable intellectual property rights and to protect those rights adequately.
[24] We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyright and trademark laws, confidentiality, non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements, and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights.
[25] We may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable, and we cannot ensure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us.
[26] The occurrence of any of these events could limit our ability to sell our products profitably or at all, or to effectively compete, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations.
[27] Claims that our current or future products infringe or misappropriate the proprietary rights of others could adversely affect our ability to sell those products and cause us to incur additional costs.
[28] Such litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in the expenditure of significant financial resources and the diversion of management s time and resources.
[29] Risks Related to Economic Conditions and Operating Internationally The continuing worldwide macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty as well as the impact of another global pandemic may adversely affect our business and prospects.
[30] Our failure to effectively navigate these geopolitical and economic challenges may result in decreased demand for our products and increased competition, downward pricing pressure, and increased user attrition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations.
[31] A weakening of macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply.
[32] In addition, government policies on international trade and investment such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs, whether adopted by individual governments or addressed by regional trade blocks, can affect the cost of and the demand for our products, impact the competitive position of our products, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell products in the affected countries.
[33] The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs, or new barriers to entry, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
[34] Expansion of U.S. tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
[35] Tariffs, sanctions or other trade barriers imposed by the U.S. (and countermeasures by non-U.S. governments) could adversely impact our supply chain costs or availability of certain components, demand for our products and our business, revenue, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[36] The investigation could result in overriding the tariff exemption currently in place for certain medical devices, which could have a material impact on our results of operations in future years.
[37] Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties and Business Continuity We rely on agreements or licenses to intellectual property or other rights in order to sell our current product and commercialize new products.
[38] We rely on agreements or licenses to intellectual property or other rights in order to sell our current products and commercialize new products.
[39] If we cannot obtain or retain these agreements, licenses, or other rights, we may not be able to sell, develop, or commercialize our products.
[40] This could result in a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, financial condition, and results of operations.
