[1] If any of the following risks occur, the business s financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and results of operations may be negatively impacted, and we may not be able to achieve our quarterly, annual or long-range plans.
[2] The end markets that we serve have historically been cyclical and will continue to be vulnerable to general downturns, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the demand for our products and services.
[3] Our failure to compete effectively and secure projects could adversely affect future revenues and could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 8 Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments, cancellations and scope reductions and, therefore, may not be a reliable indicator of our future earnings.
[4] The ultimate realization of the future revenue in our backlog is based upon our ability to complete the contracted projects, and we cannot control all of the various factors that might impact the timely delivery of our projects to our customers.
[5] We may be unable to recover certain costs on our anticipated margin, and cancelled or suspended projects may also result in additional unrecoverable costs due to the underutilization of our assets and personnel.
[6] Accordingly, our inability to realize the full amount of our contract backlog may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
[7] Failure to place competitive bids and adequately project future costs may result in losses on our fixed-price contracts with customers.
[8] Such failure could adversely impact our results of operations.
[9] Factors that could impact our ability to adequately project costs for our bids include, but are not limited to: the impacts of inflation; labor shortage; the cost of raw materials; increases caused by tariffs; delays incurred by the failure of third-party suppliers to deliver in the quality or quantity required; unanticipated technical problems, including design or engineering issues.
[10] Additionally, we bear the risk of cost overruns and delays in most of our contracts and, as a result, if we fail to adequately manage such cost overruns or delays, our results of operations and our business may be adversely impacted.
[11] Supplier concentration and limited supplier capacity may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
[12] We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain of our components and raw materials and, in some instances, a single supplier.
[13] Our suppliers may experience and some of our suppliers have experienced financial difficulties, delivery delays and other performance problems, which may cause us to incur additional costs or be unable to meet commitments to our customers.
[14] In any such event, we may not be able to contract for and receive suitable alternative supply or manufacturing abilities in a timely manner for our customers, if at all, which may impair our ability to meet scheduled deliveries of our products to customers and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
[15] Our business requires skilled and unskilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees.
[16] Our ability to maintain our productivity at competitive levels may be limited by our ability to employ, compensate, train and retain personnel necessary to meet our requirements.
[17] We face competition within and outside of our markets for qualified personnel across all of our workforce.
[18] Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our business, meet customer commitments or grow our revenues, and could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 9 Revenues recognized over time from our fixed-price contracts could result in volatility in our results of operations.
[19] Such failure could result in additional changes to our revenue and cost estimates which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
[20] Any of these factors could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
[21] The development or use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) by our competitors or other third parties may impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[22] Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and offer products that meet changing industry and customer specifications, including by funding our research and development costs.
[23] Failure to successfully develop new products, or to enhance existing products, could result in the loss of existing customers to competitors, the inability to attract new business or an overall reduction of our competitive position, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[24] Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI, including machine learning, data science and similar technologies, into their product development, product enhancement or product offerings more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[25] We may not be successful in our AI initiatives, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, and results of operations.
[26] The algorithms and models utilized in generative AI systems may have limitations, including biases, errors, or inability to handle certain data types or scenarios.
[27] These limitations or failures could result in reputational damage, legal liabilities, or loss of customer/user confidence.
[28] The complex and rapidly evolving landscape around AI could expose us to claims, inquiries and proceedings by third parties and global regulatory authorities and subject us to legal liability as well as reputational harm. 10 Unforeseen difficulties with expansions, relocations, or consolidations of existing facilities could adversely affect our operations.
[29] Increased costs and production delays arising from the staffing, relocation, sublease, expansion or consolidation of our facilities could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[30] Quality problems with our products could harm our reputation and erode our competitive position.
[31] We provide warranties to our customers for our products and services, and the cost to satisfy customer warranty claims, which may include, among other things, costs for the repair or replacement of products could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
[32] Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that may subject us to penalties or additional liabilities.
[33] Many of our customer contracts have schedule and performance obligation clauses that, if we fail to meet, could subject us to penalty provisions, liquidated damages or claims against us, or our outstanding letters of credit or performance bonds.
[34] Due to the growth in our backlog, our manufacturing and fabrication capacity as well as our ability to recruit and retain qualified labor is challenged resulting in an increased risk of meeting delivery dates and other contract performance obligations.
[35] It is possible that adjustments arising from such claims, or our failure to manage our contract risk, may not be covered by insurance and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
[36] We periodically review potential acquisitions; however, we may be unable to successfully implement this strategy.
[37] It is possible that impairment charges resulting from the overpayment for an acquisition may negatively impact our results of operations.
[38] Any failure to successfully complete or successfully integrate acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
[39] Misconduct by our employees or subcontractors, or a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, could harm our reputation, damage our relationships with customers and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions.
[40] A poor safety record can harm our reputation with existing and potential customers, jeopardize our relationship with employees, increase our insurance and operating costs and could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
