[1] Each of the risks described in this section could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
[2] Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles which may adversely affect our businesses and our results of operations, financial position and liquidity.
[3] Economic Risks Increases in prices and declines in the availability of raw materials could negatively impact our financial results.
[4] However, raw material supply chain disruptions, including logistical and transportation challenges, could adversely impact our ability to procure raw materials.
[5] An inability to obtain certain critical raw materials has adversely impacted our ability to produce certain products in the past and could do so in the future.
[6] This broad end-use market exposure and expanded geographic presence lessens the significance of any individual decrease in activity levels; nonetheless, lower demand levels may result in lower sales, which would adversely impact Income from continuing operations and Cash from operating activities.
[7] However, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar 2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 10 against major currencies, could adversely or positively affect our financial condition and results of operations which are expressed in U.S. dollars.
[8] With each of our businesses, an increase in competition may cause us to lose market share or lose customers, adversely impacting our sales volumes, or compel us to reduce prices to remain competitive, which could result in reduced margins for our products.
[9] Additionally, our ability to increase prices may impact the overall economics for the products we offer.
[10] Competitive pressures may not only reduce our margins but may also impact our revenues and our growth which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[11] Public health crises, including pandemics and the measures taken by public health and government authorities to address them, have adversely impacted our financial condition and results of operations in the past, and could adversely impact us in the future.
[12] Preventative and protective actions taken by public health officials, governments and PPG in response to public health crises could adversely impact our business, suppliers, distribution channels, and customers, due to business shutdowns, reduced workforce availability, reduced ability to supply products, or reduced demand for our products.
[13] Legal, Regulatory, and Tax Risks We are subject to existing and evolving standards relating to the protection of the environment.
[14] The environmental laws and regulations we are subject to impose liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up current sites, past spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances.
[15] Future environmental laws and regulations, including rules requiring expanded reporting of certain environmental, safety and governance information, may require substantial capital expenditures or may require or cause us to modify or curtail our operations, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[16] Nonetheless, the results of any future litigation or claims are inherently unpredictable, and such outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, Cash from operating activities or financial condition.
[17] We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, which could increase our compliance costs and could adversely affect our results of operations.
[18] We are subject to a wide variety of complex U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, environmental laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, U.S. and foreign export and trading laws, and laws governing improper business practices, including bribery.
[19] Any non-compliance, improper actions or allegations of such could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations and shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory costs.
[20] Changes in the tax regimes and related government policies and regulations in the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our results and our effective tax rate.
[21] As a multinational corporation, we are subject to various taxes in both the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions.
[22] If future audits find that additional taxes are due, we may be subject to incremental tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our Cash from operating activities, financial condition and results of operations.
[23] Notwithstanding the benefits of geographic diversification, our ability to achieve and maintain profitable growth in international markets is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many countries.
[24] As a result of our operations outside the U.S., we are subject to certain inherent risks, including political and economic uncertainty, inflation rates, exchange rates, trade protection measures, local labor conditions and laws, restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of earnings, and weak intellectual property protection.
[25] However, such events could reduce our ability to supply products, reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to receive raw materials from suppliers or to deliver products to customers.
[26] The security of our information technology systems could be compromised which could adversely affect our operations or reputation.
[27] We rely extensively on global information technology systems, networks and services, certain of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to conduct our business.
[28] A material cybersecurity event could result in negative publicity, theft or other financial loss, modification or destruction of proprietary information or key information, manufacture of defective products, theft of personally identifiable information, and/or production downtimes and operational disruptions, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
[29] Incorporation of these new technologies into our processes may result in new or expanded risks, including risks related to regulatory compliance, litigation, ethical concerns, confidentiality or cybersecurity, among other factors that could potentially adversely impact our business, reputation and financial results.
[30] The use of AI in the development of our products and services could increase the risk of loss or theft of our intellectual property and could subject us to incremental risks related to data privacy and cybersecurity.
[31] The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our stakeholders, our reputation and our business.
[32] Additionally, we face risks of competitive disadvantage if our competitors are able to more effectively use AI to create products or services at a lower cost or higher quality compared to PPG s competing products or services.
[33] These risks or other challenges encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and joint ventures could cause delays in realizing the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or joint ventures, or such anticipated benefits may never be realized, which could adversely affect our results of operations, Cash from operating activities or financial condition.
[34] Our ability to understand our customers specific preferences and requirements, and to innovate, develop, produce and market products that meet customer demand is critical to our business results.
[35] This is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to produce and deliver products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs.
[36] We expect that our focus on sustainably-advantaged products will drive future sales growth; however, as customers transition to sustainably-advantaged products, this could adversely impact our sales volumes as customers may require a lower quantity of our products due to reduced customer waste, extended durability and other similar impacts of using our sustainably-advantaged products.
[37] An inability to develop such solutions and our customer s pace of adoption of those solutions could negatively affect our business or the market demand for our products.
[38] Our future growth will depend on our ability to continue to innovate our existing products and to develop and introduce new products.
[39] If we fail to keep pace with product innovation on a competitive basis or to predict market demands for our products, our businesses, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
[40] If we are unable to effectively attract, develop and retain a qualified workforce, our businesses, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
