[1] Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results.
[2] In addition, perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand.
[3] The acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results.
[4] We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, including operating companies and private equity funds.
[5] As a result, we may be unable to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly increased.
[6] There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays, cost increases, or inability to complete development projects due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems.
[7] Significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue.
[8] Shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers.
[9] Security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe.
[10] Our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our legacy facilities.
[11] However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities. 9 Elevated interest rate levels could adversely impact us and our tenants.
[12] Economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions, including those related to high levels of inflation, could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital.
[13] However, through our investment in Shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various European markets in which Shurgard operates, which may adversely impact our business and financial results, and many of which are referred to in Shurgard s public filings.
[14] Such changes, or Shurgard s failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, and, potentially, adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens.
[15] Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard: Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from Shurgard or proceeds from the sale of Shurgard shares.
[16] Risks of collective bargaining: Collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in Europe, could negatively impact Shurgard s labor costs or operations.
[17] However, while Shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in Shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of Shurgard s public float relative to any ownership stake we sought to sell.
[18] As a result, Shurgard may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive but that we may not be able to pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with.
[19] Local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could adversely impact our operations.
[20] Similarly, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain localities adopted restrictions on the use of certain of our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects.
[21] Similar restrictions could be imposed in the future, including in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations.
[22] Marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on Google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance.
[23] In addition, the inability to utilize our pricing methodology due to regulatory or market constraints could also significantly impact our financial results. 11 We are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management s time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business.
[24] We are subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings (including class actions) and regulatory enforcement actions across many jurisdictions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant liabilities and substantial legal fees from these actions.
[25] Any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares.
[26] Our use of or failure to adopt advancements in information technology, such as artificial intelligence, may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives or otherwise harm our business.
[27] Despite our security measures, we face cybersecurity threats, including system, network, or Internet failures; cyberattacks, ransomware, and other malware; social engineering; and phishing schemes.
[28] Any such cybersecurity incident, including those impacting personal information, could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our customers.
[29] A cybersecurity incident could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting requirements.
[30] Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers, or damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation, and competitive position.
[31] In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities.
[32] We have identified and expect to continue to identify cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents on our systems and those of third parties we rely upon, but none of the cyberattacks and incidents we have identified to date has had a material impact on our business or operations.
[33] Moreover, as cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations.
