[1] Violations of FCC rules may result in substantial monetary fines, the imposition of reporting obligations, limited renewals of broadcast station licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license.
[2] Global Data Protection Laws and Privacy Laws We are subject to a number of data protection and privacy laws in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws in a number of different U.S. states, the U.K. and the E.U.
[3] RISK FACTORS Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection .
[4] If we are unable to manage costs, maintain such partnerships, or achieve sufficient scale, we may fail to meet our profitability goals.
[5] If we are unable to attract, engage and retain users and offset the loss of users who cancel or stop engaging with our streaming services, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
[6] Our ability to generate advertising revenues also depends on demand for our content, the viewers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates, targeting capabilities, results observed by advertisers, the perceived effectiveness of our advertising offerings and alternative advertising options.
[7] In addition, if advertising buyers require the use of specific television measurement solutions, our inability to reach or maintain agreements with the providers of such solutions may negatively impact our advertising revenues.
[8] Our ability to generate advertising revenues can also be impacted, and in certain circumstances has already been impacted, by an increasing number of global laws and regulations, including limitations on how we deliver to, target or measure audiences.
[9] See Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters We are subject to complex, often inconsistent and potentially costly laws, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection.
[10] We operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
[11] We face substantial and increasing competition to attract creative talent, to produce and acquire the rights to high-quality content, acquire, engage and retain audiences and users, and distribute our content and services across a range of third-party platforms.
[12] If these competitive pressures continue to increase, we may not be able to produce or acquire content in a cost-effective manner.
[13] This competition could result in a decrease in audiences and users, lower ratings and advertising revenues, lower affiliate and other revenues, and increased content and promotional costs, which could negatively affect our ability to generate revenues and profitability.
[14] Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to shifting content consumption patterns, evolving technologies and distribution models.
[15] Our ability to maintain attractive brands and to create, distribute and/or license popular content is key to our success and ability to generate revenues.
[16] The revenues we generate primarily depend on our ability to consistently anticipate and satisfy consumer tastes and expectations in the U.S. and internationally.
[17] The popularity of our original and acquired content is affected by our ability to target key audiences; the quality and attractiveness of competing content; and the availability and popularity of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which can be unpredictable.
[18] Declines in linear viewership are expected to continue and may accelerate, which could adversely affect our advertising and affiliate revenues.
[19] I-13 Decisions to invest in new businesses, products, services and technologies, and the evolution of our business strategy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[20] Many of these factors are outside our control, and because new investments are inherently risky, and the anticipated benefits or value of these investments may not materialize, such investments and other strategic initiatives may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[21] Consolidation and vertical integration among distributors in the cable and broadcast network businesses has provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect our ability to maintain or obtain distribution for our network programming or distribution and/or marketing of our subscription services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
[22] Competitive pressures faced by MVPDs, particularly in light of evolving consumer consumption patterns and new distribution models, could adversely affect the terms of our renewals with MVPDs.
[23] Disagreements with a distributor on the interpretation or validity of an agreement could adversely impact our affiliate and advertising revenues, as well as our relationship with that distributor.
[24] I-14 Damage to our reputation or brands could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[25] Our reputation depends on a number of factors, including the quality of our content, services and other offerings, the level of trust we maintain with our consumers and our ability to innovate and adapt to changing expectations.
[26] Our ability to adequately prepare for or respond to such claims or publicity may be limited, particularly given the speed and reach of social media, which can amplify actual or perceived incidents before we have an opportunity to investigate or respond meaningfully.
[27] Damage to our reputation or brands could negatively impact sales, viewership, user engagement, business opportunities, profitability, talent retention and recruitment, and the price of our Class B Common Stock.
[28] Certain events and circumstances can result in a decline in the values of our reporting units, content, or asset groups containing our finite-lived intangible assets, which could result in noncash impairment charges.
[29] Future strategic changes could result in further programming charges.
[30] Any such impairment charge for goodwill, programming, and/or long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our reported net earnings.
[31] Our liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[32] While the full costs and operational impacts of compliance are not yet known, noncompliance with these or other applicable laws and regulations could result in financial, operational and reputational risks.
[33] If we fail or are perceived to fail to achieve or properly report on our progress toward achieving voluntary goals we have set out, or if our goals are not perceived as being sufficiently robust, our business, brand or reputation may be negatively impacted and subject to additional investor or regulatory scrutiny.
[34] Risks Relating to Business Continuity, Cybersecurity and Privacy and Data Protection Disruptions or failures of, or attacks on, our or our service providers networks, information systems and other technologies could result in the disclosure of business or personal information, disruption of our businesses, damage to our brands and reputation, and legal exposure and financial losses.
[35] Significant events could result in a disruption of our operations and reduction of our revenues, the loss of or damage to intellectual property, the loss of or damage to the integrity of data used by management to make decisions and operate our businesses, viewer or advertiser dissatisfaction or a loss of viewers or advertisers, and damage to our reputation or brands.
[36] Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain and monetize our intellectual property rights.
[37] The failure to appropriately enforce and/or the weakening of existing intellectual property laws could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect and monetize our intellectual property and thus negatively affect its value.
[38] We and our production and distribution partners operate various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming and films, and intentional or unintentional acts could result in unauthorized access to our content.
[39] Unauthorized access to our content could result in the premature release of films, television programs or other content as well as a reduction in demand for authorized content, which would likely have adverse effects on the value of the affected content and our ability to monetize it.
[40] As a consequence, we face uncertainty with respect to our ability to protect our intellectual property and brands from unauthorized use, misappropriation, and infringement utilizing such technologies, and an increased risk of being subjected to claims brought by third-party rights owners with respect thereto.
