[1] The Group’s business, financial condition or results from operations could be objectives, as well as possibly reducing investment returns and impact the Group’s ability to reinvest or materially adversely affected by any or all of these risks, or by other risks that it presently cannot identify. distribute profits.
[2] Our ability to do this successfully of changes in policy or processes described above, would lead to lower sales and profits in the future unless depends in part on the public willingness to use AI in the learning sector.
[3] Any of these factors could negatively impact the Group’s financial results and growth ability to compete effectively could be impaired. prospects in the US education sector.
[4] However, we are subject to evolving laws, international accords and policies or the changing of their interpretation or application, including those on environmental sustainability, human capital and governance topics.
[5] Failure to use the Group’s data effectively to enhance the quality and scope of current products and The Group’s forward-looking IPR strategy includes efforts to maintain a broad footprint of intellectual property services in order to improve learning outcomes could adversely affect the Group’s business. rights in key markets outside the US.
[6] The loss or diminution in value of these proprietary rights or the Group’s If the Group does not adequately protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights, its competitive intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial performance. position and results may be adversely affected and its ability to grow restricted.
[7] This increases the service delivery, information technology security (including viruses and cyberattacks), e-commerce, enterprise risk of failure to realise anticipated benefits or of costs being higher than anticipated, or that the Group’s resource planning system implementation and upgrades.
[8] When talented employees directly or indirectly the Group’s information and operations, could adversely affect its reputation or financial leave, the Group may have difficulty replacing those skills, and its business may suffer.
[9] Penalty clauses and/or the failure to retain these contracts at the end of the contract In October, Higher Education began to directly distribute our proprietary Advanced Placement (AP®), Dual term could adversely impact future sales and/or operations.
[10] Our performance is Risks Related to the Competitive Marketplace contingent on how our existing customers respond to the shift from the third party and our ability to establish a robust go-to-market strategy and high-quality customer service.
[11] Failure of this new distribution model to Global economy and cyclical market factors may adversely impact the Group’s financial performance. succeed could negatively impact the Group’s sales, financial results and prospects.
[12] The effect of continued deterioration or lack of recovery in the global economy quality issues and execution on time of new products and enhancements, could negatively impact the will vary across different businesses and will depend on the depth, length and severity of any economic Group’s sales and reputation. downturn.
[13] Failure to achieve our planned outcomes may lead to lower than expected sales and profitability. attention from other business concerns or resources; and diversion of resources that are needed in other parts A significant deterioration in the Group’s profitability and/or cash flows caused by prolonged economic of our business.
[14] If these risks are not managed, acquisitions could result in goodwill and intangible asset instability or recession could reduce its liquidity and/or impair its financial ratios and trigger a need to raise impairments. additional funds from the capital markets and/or renegotiate its banking covenants.
[15] The Group’s financial results, growth prospects and/or Security breaches involving our information technology systems could harm our ability to run our business reputation may be adversely affected if these contracts and relationships are poorly managed or face and expose us to potential liability and loss of sales. increased competitive pressures.
[16] Failure to provide the appropriate level of transparency and control in the Group’s products could increase the regulatory, commercial and/or reputational risks that the Group faces with any or all of its various stakeholders.
[17] These proceedings could result in greater scrutiny of the Group’s operations in other countries for anti-competitive behaviour and, in the Geopolitical conflict – Conflict could negatively affect Pearson’s operations. worst case, incur a substantial financial cost.
[18] Its principal executive offices are located at 80 Failure to ensure security for the Group’s staff, learners, and assets, due to increasing numbers of, and Strand, London WC2R 0RL, United Kingdom (telephone: +44 20 7010 2000) and its website address is variety of, local and global threats, could impact the Group’s operations, financial performance and https://plc.pearson.com/.
