[1] If any of the following risks actually occur, it could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.
[2] If we do not manage the supply of our products and their components efficiently, or if our suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations to us or are otherwise unable to allocate a sufficient volume of components to us, our ability to deliver products could be adversely affected and result in delayed or reduced revenue, reduced product margins or lost sales opportunities altogether.
[3] We rely on a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, and any disruption or termination of our supply arrangements could delay shipments of our products and could harm our relationships with current and prospective customers.
[4] We face intense competition from established companies and others.
[5] If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced storage offerings successfully, our ability to attract and retain customers could be harmed.
[6] If we fail to execute our transition to subscription offerings successfully, our revenues and results of operation may be harmed.
[7] If we are unable to successfully manage the effects of these pressures, our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected.
[8] In response to these cost increases, we raised our prices during the first quarter of fiscal year 2027, which may result in reduced sales or the loss of customers, and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
[9] If our suppliers fail to perform their obligations or if they are unable or refuse to provide components to us at the specified prices, volumes, or at the times that we have agreed upon, or if they are simply unable to allocate the volume of components that we need, we may be unable to secure alternate supply on commercially reasonable terms or within our required timeframes.
[10] Such a disruption could cause us to miss revenue opportunities, damage our relationships with customers and partners, and negatively impact our reputation.
[11] A significant or sustained supply chain failure of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition, product margins, results of operations, and prospects.
[12] If we are unable to effectively manage our supply and inventory, including the supply of flash necessary to fulfill potential hyperscaler demand, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
[13] If we have excess supply, we may reduce our prices and write down or write off excess or obsolete inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins.
[14] We rely on a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, on single-source suppliers, for several key components of our products, and we have not generally entered into agreements for the long-term purchase of these components.
[15] If we are unable to obtain components from our existing suppliers, we may need to obtain these components through secondary sources or markets.
[16] Significant changes to existing international trade agreements could result in import delays or the imposition of increased tariffs on our sourcing partners, which could lead to sourcing or logistics disruptions to our business.
[17] Such operational changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
[18] We may not be able to continue to procure components at reasonable prices, which may impact our business negatively or require us to enter into longer-term contracts to obtain components.
[19] We rely on contract manufacturers and component vendors, some of which are located outside the United States.
[20] The United States and other countries in our supply chain or in which we have sales have imposed, and may impose additional, tariffs, duties, quotas, or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing tariff levels, quotas, duties, or other restrictions or regulations.
[21] Since revenue from a product sale is not recognized until performance obligations are satisfied, a substantial portion of our sales late in a quarter may negatively impact the recognition of the associated revenue.
[22] These factors, among others, make it difficult for us to predict when customers will purchase our products, which may adversely affect our operating results and cause our operating results to fluctuate.
[23] If we fail to accurately predict trends, successfully update our product offerings or adapt our sales programs to meet changing customer demands and priorities, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
[24] Our future financial performance depends on our ability to adapt to competitive dynamics and emerging customer demands and trends, such as the opportunities created by the recent advances in artificial intelligence (AI).
[25] We may be unable to capture significant storage workloads for AI environments and hyperscalers.
[26] The enhancement of all-flash storage products by incumbent vendors and changes or advances in alternative technologies or adoption of cloud storage offerings that do not utilize our Everpure Platform could adversely affect the demand for our products.
[27] We face intense competition from a number of established companies that sell competing storage products, including Dell EMC, HP Enterprise, Huawei, Hitachi Vantara, IBM, and NetApp.
[28] These and other competitive pressures may prevent us from competing successfully against our competitors. 21 Many of our competitors have long-standing relationships with key decision makers at current and prospective customers, which may inhibit our ability to compete.
[29] If we are unable to sell our Everpure Platform to new customers or persuade existing customers to continue purchasing our Everpure Platform, we will not be able to maintain or increase our market share and revenue, which would adversely affect our business and operating results.
[30] We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, and if we fail to manage our relationships with our contract manufacturers successfully, our business could be negatively impacted.
[31] We rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, which reduces our control over the assembly process and exposes us to risks, such as reduced control over quality assurance, costs and product supply.
[32] If we fail to manage our relationships with these contract manufacturers effectively, or if these contract manufacturers experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems, our ability to timely ship products to our customers will be impaired, potentially on short notice, and our competitive position, reputation and financial results could be harmed.
[33] If we fail to successfully maintain or grow our relationships with partners, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
[34] Our future success is highly dependent upon our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with our partners, including value-added resellers, service providers and systems integrators.
[35] In markets where we rely on partners more heavily, we have less contact with our customers and less control over the sales process and the quality and responsiveness of our partners.
[36] Any failure on our part to effectively identify, train and manage our channel partners and to monitor their sales activity, as well as the customer support and services provided to our customers, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
[37] The occurrence of any of these events could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
[38] If we are unable to effectively respond to our competitors marketing efforts and protect our brand and customer goodwill now or in the future, our business will be adversely affected. 22 Sales to governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business.
[39] Government demand and payment for our Everpure Platform may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding reductions or delays, such as an extended federal government shutdown, which may adversely affect public sector demand for our Everpure Platform.
[40] We sell our offerings to governmental agencies through our channel partners, and these agencies may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our results of operations.
