[1] Each of these RISK FACTORS could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and reputation, as well as the value of an investment in our securities.
[2] These RISK FACTORS do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risks to our operations.
[3] Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future.
[4] Significant reductions in margins could require us to impair the carrying value of our assets (such as properties, plants and equipment, inventories, equity investments or goodwill) and may adversely affect our ability to fund our capital priorities, including share repurchases and dividends.
[5] Sustained periods of low prices for renewable fuels or renewable feedstocks due to decreases in demand or production of renewable fuels products could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations of our Renewable Fuels segment.
[6] Sustained or prolonged declines in commodity prices and other feedstocks may adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, access to the capital markets, and our ability to fund our capital priorities, including share repurchases and dividends.
[7] Changes to laws, regulations, policies or standards regarding renewable fuels or the feedstocks used to produce our renewable fuels, elimination or 22 reduction of incentives, as well as the cost of conforming with such updated laws, regulations, policies or standards could negatively impact the results of operations of our Renewable Fuels segment.
[8] Our operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact our ability to operate and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[9] Interruptions may materially reduce productivity and thus, the profitability, of operations during and after downtime, including for planned turnarounds and scheduled maintenance activities.
[10] The inability to operate facilities or assets due to any of these events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture, process, store or transport products.
[11] Any casualty occurrence involving our assets or operations could result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, environmental pollution, impairment of operations and substantial losses to us.
[12] Damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial remediation fines or penalties by governmental authorities.
[13] Should any of these risks materialize at any of our equity affiliates, it could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial condition of the equity affiliate and negatively impact their ability to make future distributions to us.
[14] We are subject to interruptions of supply and offtake, as well as increased costs, as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil or other feedstocks, NGL, refined petroleum and renewable fuels products.
[15] A prolonged disruption in our ability to transport crude oil or other feedstocks, NGL, refined petroleum or renewable fuels products to or from one or more of our refineries or other facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[16] This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows, and our ability to make cash distributions. 23 Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk.
[17] Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations.
[18] Public health crises, epidemics and pandemics have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business.
[19] Any future widespread health crises could materially and adversely impact our business.
[20] Even if a virus or other illness does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may result in reduced demand for our products and materially affect our business.
[21] Volatility in market demand for our petrochemical and plastics products and midstream transportation services and the risk of overbuild in these industries may negatively impact the results of operations of our businesses.
[22] The success of these investments largely depends on the realization of anticipated market demand, and these projects typically require significant development periods, during which time demand for our products or services may change, or additional investments by competitors may be made that could result in an overbuild of supply.
[23] Any of these or other competitive forces could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our return on capital employed.
[24] Such risks could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
[25] We may not be able to identify or execute growth projects, and those that are identified may not be completed on schedule or at the budgeted cost, if at all.
[26] Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs or the inability to complete growth projects could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, cash flows and our return on capital employed.
[27] The occurrence of these factors may delay or increase the cost of our efforts, which could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations, cash flows and our return on capital employed.
[28] Limiting or prohibiting our ability to undertake turnaround or maintenance activities, or to cease operations at our refineries.
[29] For example, adverse effects on the financial performance of our operations in the state of California or the useful lives of the assets related to such operations may result in the recognition of material asset impairment charges, accelerated depreciation and asset retirement obligations.
[30] The effect of any such OFAC sanctions could disrupt transactions with or operations involving entities affiliated with sanctioned countries, and could limit our ability to obtain optimum crude slates and other feedstocks and effectively distribute refined products.
[31] Hostilities in the Middle East, Eastern Europe and South America or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the United States and other countries.
[32] We may not be able to effectively identify, whether through acquisition, investment or development, lower-carbon opportunities on favorable terms, or at all, and failure to do so could limit our growth, our ability to participate in the energy transition, and our ability to meet our environmental goals and targets.
[33] This strategy depends, in part, on our ability to successfully identify and evaluate acquisition and investment opportunities and develop and commercialize new technologies.
[34] If we are unable to identify and consummate acquisitions and investments that meet our minimum returns hurdle, our ability to execute a portion of our growth strategy and meet our environmental goals may be impeded.
[35] Legal, Regulatory, and Environmental, Climate and Weather Risks We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and other claims arising out of our operations which may adversely impact our business and financial condition.
[36] Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows.
[37] Climate change and severe weather may adversely affect our and our joint ventures facilities and ongoing operations.
[38] To the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods could be materially adversely affected.
[39] Factors associated with climate change legislation or regulation could result in increased operating costs, reduced demand for the refined petroleum products we produce and could otherwise have a material impact on our business.
[40] Requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments.
