[1] The risks described below are not the only risks we face.
[2] Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[3] Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry We face significant competition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects if we are unable to successfully compete.
[4] If we are unable to provide products and solutions that address customers needs as well as our competitors products and solutions do, or to align our pricing, licensing and delivery models with customer preferences, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[5] If we are unable to compete successfully with competitors offering SaaS solutions, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[6] Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition in the markets we serve and more financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources, which could limit our ability to gain customer recognition and confidence in our products and solutions and successfully sell our products and solutions, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business.
[7] Interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks against our service providers may adversely affect our products or product and service delivery.
[8] This could require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation and/or payment of a ransom; harm our reputation; cause customers to stop buying our products; and cause us to face lawsuits and potential liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[9] Failures by those partners or termination of those relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[10] If these companies fail to perform as we expect, or if a company terminates or substantially alters the terms of the relationship, we could experience delays in product development, reduced or delayed sales, customer dissatisfaction, incur additional expenses, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
[11] We increasingly rely on third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services to deliver our offerings to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[12] Such outages could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
[13] If we are unable to renew our agreements with our cloud service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or any of our agreements are prematurely terminated, or we need to add new cloud services providers to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms.
[14] Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees to develop and sell our products and solutions and to operate and grow our business.
[15] If we are unable to attract and retain employees with the requisite skills to develop and sell our products and solutions, or to guide, operate and support our business, we may be unable to compete successfully, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
[16] We depend on sales within the discrete manufacturing sector and our business could be adversely affected if manufacturing activity does not grow or if it contracts, or if manufacturers are adversely affected by other macroeconomic factors.
[17] Customers may delay, reduce, or forego purchases of our solutions due to these challenges and concerns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
[18] If we fail to successfully develop competitive SaaS solutions and to transform our operations to support the sale of SaaS solutions, our business and prospects could be adversely affected.
[19] If we are unable to successfully establish these new offerings and navigate our business transition, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected.
[20] Because our sales and operations are globally dispersed, we face additional compliance risks, and any compliance failure could adversely affect our business and prospects.
[21] Violations of such laws can lead to civil and/or criminal prosecutions, substantial fines and other sanctions, including the revocation of our rights to continue certain operations, and also cause business loss and reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
[22] We and our customers are subject to an increasing number of laws and regulations enacted by multiple countries and jurisdictions that require new and extensive disclosures on sustainability topics, and, in some cases, remediation of adverse effects.
[23] If we are unable to satisfactorily address their requests for information or other sustainability-related requirements or expectations, customers may reduce or terminate their contracts with us and customers and potential customers may choose alternative software solutions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
[24] We are subject to increasing, evolving, and conflicting expectations and scrutiny with respect to our sustainability disclosures and initiatives.
[25] Failure to meet stakeholder expectations or actual or perceived inconsistencies or inaccuracies in our sustainability disclosures could result in reputational harm, regulatory investigations, or litigation.
[26] Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position, business and prospects.
[27] Any legal action to protect our intellectual property rights that we may bring or be engaged in could be expensive, divert management s attention from regular operations, and lead to additional claims against us, and we may not prevail, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
[28] Any such claim could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel.
[29] If we fail to successfully integrate and manage the businesses and technologies we acquire, if an acquisition does not further our business strategy or return a level of sales as we expect, or if a business we acquire has unexpected legal or financial liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected.
[30] If we fail to successfully execute and manage these divestitures, if a divestiture does not yield the anticipated financial or operational benefits, or if the businesses or assets we divest have unexpected legal, financial, or operational liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected.
[31] We may incur significant debt or issue a material amount of debt or equity securities to finance an acquisition, which could adversely affect our operating flexibility, business and prospects.
[32] The increases in these expenses and in our leverage could constrain our ability to operate as we might otherwise or to borrow additional amounts and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
[33] Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt.
[34] Any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreements. 14 Table of Contents Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries might incur substantially more debt and other obligations.
[35] We may not be able to generate enough cash to service all our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful, and could harm our business and prospects.
[36] Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
[37] We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
[38] We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.
[39] Our debt agreements restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due.
[40] We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due.
