[1] These RISK FACTORS do not identify all risks we face, and additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business.
[2] CYBERSECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could result in serious harm to our reputation, business, and financial condition.
[3] Any of the foregoing events may subject us to fines, penalties, regulatory or other enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial condition.
[4] A catastrophic event that results in a disruption to or failure of our systems or operations could result in significant losses and require substantial recovery time and significant expenditures to resume or maintain operations.
[5] Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[6] A prolonged interruption of, or reduction in, the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could materially harm our business and financial condition.
[7] We have incurred transaction losses and other expenses as a result, including claims under our protection programs, and this or other disruptions may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, fines, penalties and litigation.
[8] We rely on facilities, components, applications, software, and services supplied by third parties, including data center facilities and cloud data storage and processing services.
[9] If these third parties experience operational interference or disruptions (including a cybersecurity incident), fail to perform their obligations, or breach their agreements with us, our operations could be disrupted or negatively affected, which could result in customer dissatisfaction, regulatory scrutiny, and damage to our reputation and brands, and materially and adversely affect our business.
[10] In addition, any latency, disruption, or failure in our AI systems or infrastructure could result in delays or errors in our offerings.
[11] We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors, for the development of and access to new or evolving technologies.
[12] Our ability to adapt our existing products and services to incorporate new technologies or develop future and new products and services using new technologies may be limited or restricted by industry-wide standards, platform providers, payments networks, changes to laws and regulations, changing customer expectations, third-party intellectual property rights, and other factors.
[13] If we are unable to develop and incorporate new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards in a timely or cost-effective manner, our business, results of operations, or reputation could be harmed.
[14] Our failure to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping, and frequently changing rules, regulations, and legal interpretations could materially harm our business.
[15] These restrictions may limit our ability to grow our business.
[16] Applicable regulation relating to payments, anti-money laundering, and digital services, which are key focus areas of European regulators and subject to extensive new regulation, could subject us to additional and complex obligations, risks, and associated costs, and impact our ability to expand our business in Europe.
[17] Cryptocurrency Regulation and Related Risks Our customer cryptocurrency offerings may subject us to additional regulations, licensing requirements, or other obligations or liabilities.
[18] Any operational disruptions at any such custodian or issuer, or such custodians or issuer s failure to safeguard cryptocurrency holdings (or reserve assets), could result in losses of customer assets, expose us to customer claims, reduce consumer confidence, harm our reputation, and materially impact our cryptocurrency product offerings and our operating results.
[19] Increased global regulatory focus on short-term installment FY 2025 FORM 10-K 18 Table of Contents products and consumer credit more broadly could result in laws or regulations requiring changes to our product offerings, policies, procedures, and operations, and restrict or limit our ability to offer credit products.
[20] We are subject to, and have paid amounts in settlement of, lawsuits alleging that our business violated the EFTA and Regulation E or otherwise advancing claims for relief relating to our business practices (e.g., that we improperly held consumer funds or otherwise improperly limited consumer accounts).
[21] Regulators regularly re-examine the transaction volume thresholds at which we must obtain and keep applicable records or the circumstances in which we must verify identities of customers, and any change to such obligations could result in greater compliance costs and negatively impact our business.
[22] Non-compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations or economic and trade sanctions may subject us to significant fines, penalties, lawsuits, and enforcement actions, result in regulatory sanctions and additional compliance requirements, increase regulatory scrutiny of our business, restrict our operations, and damage our reputation and brands.
[23] Compliance with inconsistent privacy and data protection laws may also restrict or limit our ability to provide products and services to our customers.
[24] The continued proliferation of privacy laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate is likely to result in a disparate array of privacy rules with unaligned or conflicting provisions, accountability requirements, individual rights, and national or local enforcement powers, which could lead to unintended consumer confusion and may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny and business costs.
[25] Compliance with new and emerging laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI in the U.S. and internationally, such as U.S. state regulations and the Artificial Intelligence Act in the EU, may impose significant operational costs and limit or restrict our ability to develop, FY 2025 FORM 10-K 19 Table of Contents deploy or use existing or future AI technologies.
[26] As a result, our ability to adapt our existing products and services or develop future and new products and services using AI may be limited or restricted, which could adversely impact our business.
[27] We are subject to regulatory scrutiny and may be subject to legal proceedings under antitrust and competition laws.
[28] We are subject to scrutiny by various government agencies regarding antitrust and competition laws and regulations in the U.S. and internationally, including in connection with proposed or implemented business combinations, acquisitions, investments, partnerships, commercial agreements and business practices.
[29] If our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
[30] We may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property.
[31] We may be required to expend significant time and resources to prevent infringement and enforce our rights, and we may be unable to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights.
[32] If we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise violating our proprietary rights, the uniqueness and value of our products and services could be adversely affected, the value of our brands could be diminished, and our business could be adversely affected.
[33] Any failure to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary rights, or significant costs incurred in doing so, could diminish the value of our intangible assets and materially harm our business.
[34] BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS RISKS We face substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry.
[35] If we are unable to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, drive value for our customers and adoption of our products and services, or effectively and efficiently align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
[36] Changes to payment card networks or bank fees, rules, or practices could harm our business.
[37] Any increase in interchange fees, special fees, or assessments for transactions that we pay to networks or payment processors could make our pricing less competitive, increase our operating costs, and reduce our operating income, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[38] Any changes in interchange fee rates or limitations, or their applicability to PayPal s products and services, could adversely affect our competitive position against payment card service providers and the revenue we earn from our branded card programs, require us to change our business practices, and harm our business.
[39] Such allegations may result in significant fines, penalties, damages, or other liabilities, adversely impact benefits to us under the agreements, or require changes to our business practices that may be costly and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
[40] The network rules may also increase the cost of, impose restrictions on, or otherwise impact the development of, our products which may negatively affect product innovation, deployment, and adoption.
