[1] Any of the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, beyond our control or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
[2] Further, customers continually evaluate the benefits of internal manufacturing versus outsourcing, and a customer s decision to internally manufacture products that we provide may negatively impact us.
[3] If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and a loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
[4] If our competitors can benefit from such government incentives and we cannot, it could strengthen our competitors relative position and have a material adverse effect on our business.
[5] Failure to timely react to these trends and manage our product portfolio and innovation activities responsively could decrease the competitiveness of our products and result in the de-selection of us as a partner of choice.
[6] Fluctuations in the demand for semiconductors and the overall volume of semiconductor manufacturing may decrease demand for our products and may adversely affect our business.
[7] If we do not, or are unable to, adequately anticipate changes in our business environment, we may lack the infrastructure, manufacturing capacity and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth.
[8] If we are unable to anticipate and respond to rapid technological change and customer requirements by continuing to innovate and introduce new and enhanced products and solutions, we may experience a loss of market share, decreased sales, revenue, profitability and damage to our reputation.
[9] A failure to successfully anticipate and respond to technological 16 Table of Contents changes by developing, marketing and manufacturing new products or enhancements to our existing products could harm our business prospects and significantly reduce our sales.
[10] Further changes to or our failure to comply with these and similar regulations may result in significant unanticipated costs, liabilities or capital expenditures or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced margins or profitability.
[11] We face risks arising from various unasserted and asserted litigation matters arising out of the normal course of our current and former business operations, including intellectual property, commercial, product liability, environmental and antitrust lawsuits.
[12] A future adverse ruling or unfavorable development could result in future charges that could have a material adverse effect on us.
[13] Supply chain and operational disruptions and volatility in energy and raw material costs could adversely impact our sales and earnings and impact access to sources of liquidity.
[14] However, there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain raw materials. 18 Table of Contents If we do not successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, our business and financial performance may suffer.
[15] Any failure to successfully execute this strategy, including any failure to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas and support our research and development activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[16] Changes in the global and local tax regulatory environments in, and the distribution of income among, the various jurisdictions in which we operate, could adversely impact our results of operations.
[17] If we are unable to attract or retain key personnel and qualified employees, or maintain relations with our employees, unions and other employee representatives, it could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals.
[18] In addition, due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, our future performance depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees, particularly specialized research and development and engineering personnel, in order to maintain our efficient production processes, drive innovation in our product offerings and maintain our deep customer relationships.
[19] These agreements typically contain provisions regarding the general working conditions of our employees, including provisions that could affect our ability to restructure our operations, close facilities or reduce our number of employees.
[20] We may not be able to extend existing collective bargaining agreements or, upon the expiration of such agreements, negotiate such agreements in a favorable and timely manner or without work stoppages, strikes or similar actions.
[21] Our reliance on certain key customers, contract manufacturers and suppliers could adversely affect our overall sales and profitability.
[22] If we are unable to arrange for sufficient production capacity among our suppliers or contract manufacturers, or if our suppliers or contract manufacturers encounter production, quality, financial or other difficulties (including due to labor or geopolitical disturbances or natural disasters), we may be unable to meet our customers demands.
[23] Finally, we rely on independent distributors to distribute our products and to assist us with the marketing and sale of certain of our products.
[24] There can be no assurance that our distributors will focus adequate resources on selling our products to end users, or will be successful in selling our products, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
[25] Trade regulations, policies and disputes can and have increased tariffs and trade barriers, which can and have limited our ability to sell certain products to certain customers, and otherwise impacted our global supply and distribution chains and research and development activities, particularly those arising out of relations between the U.S. and China.
[26] In addition, we are subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations that restrict the delivery of some of our products and services to certain countries (and nationals thereof), to certain end users, and for certain end uses.
[27] Ultimately, changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade controls have the potential to reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[28] The pace of change, together with any lack of regulatory harmony could result in unintended noncompliance.
[29] Each of these laws, rules and regulations imposes costs on our business, including financial costs and potential diversion of our management s attention, and may present risks to our business, including potential fines, restrictions on our actions and reputational damage if we do not fully comply.
[30] To maintain our right to produce or sell existing products or to commercialize new products, we must be able to demonstrate our ability to satisfy the requirements of regulatory agencies, industries and customers.
[31] The failure to meet existing and new requirements or receive necessary permits or approvals could have near- and long-term effects on our ability to produce and sell certain current and future products which could increase operating costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[32] Our actual or perceived failure to comply with laws and regulations regarding data privacy could also lead to regulatory investigations, litigation, fines, or other adverse business consequences.
[33] We rely on centralized and local information technology and physical networks and systems, some of which are managed or accessible by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to otherwise manage or support our business.
[34] Violations of these laws or standards could result in criminal or civil sanctions, investigations or enforcement actions.
[35] Even the mere allegation of such violations, could harm our ability to do business, our results of operations, financial position and reputation.
[36] We and/or our suppliers may fail to effectively prevent, detect and recover from security breaches and, therefore, such breaches could result in misuse of our assets, loss of property including trade secrets and confidential or personal information, and other business disruptions.
[37] We have determined that these attacks have resulted, and could result in the future, in unauthorized parties gaining access to certain confidential business information.
[38] Despite these efforts, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[39] Enforcing our intellectual property rights, or defending against intellectual property claims asserted by others, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
[40] However, we may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights in key jurisdictions for various reasons including government policies and regulations.
