[1] The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, and prospects.
[2] The following is a summary of principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[3] If we fail to increase or retain our user base, and in particular, our daily active uniques ( DAUq ), or if user engagement declines, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects will be harmed.
[4] If Redditors do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not valuable or appealing to other Redditors, we may experience a decline in the number of Redditors accessing our products and services and in user engagement, which could result in the loss of advertisers and may harm our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[5] Our business depends on a strong brand and reputation, and if we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation, our ability to expand our user and advertiser bases will be impaired and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed.
[6] We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future.
[7] The failure to attract new advertisers, the loss of advertisers, or the reduction of or failure by advertisers to maintain or increase their advertising budgets would adversely affect our business.
[8] Changes in our products or to those operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers, online application stores, regulations, or standards may harm Redditor retention, growth, and engagement, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[9] Failure to comply with such laws, rules, regulations, industry standards, and other legal obligations could harm our business.
[10] Interest in our Class A common stock from retail and other individual investors, for reasons unrelated to our underlying business or macro or industry fundamentals, could result in increased volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock.
[11] This ownership will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval, including change of control transactions.
[12] Risks Related to Our Business We face intense competition, and if we fail to grow or retain our user base or maintain user engagement, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected.
[13] To the extent our DAUq growth rate slows or becomes negative, our success will increasingly depend on our ability to increase levels of engagement, retention, and monetization on our platform, including the level at which users visiting us from search traffic 14 Table of Contents become more frequent users of our platform.
[14] In addition, we face competition from large language models ( LLMs ) and other AI models that retrieve and synthesize information, such as those built by 15 Table of Contents Google, Meta, OpenAI, and Anthropic; Redditors may choose to find information using AI tools, which in some cases may have been trained using Reddit content, instead of visiting Reddit directly.
[15] If we are unable to increase our DAUq, or its growth rate, or if this metric declines, our products and services could be less attractive to potential new users, as well as to advertisers, which would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[16] Our success depends on our ability to provide users of our products and services with valuable content, which in turn depends on the content contributed by Redditors.
[17] If we are unable to successfully prevent or detect and timely address abusive or other harmful behavior on our platform, our user base and their engagement may decline.
[18] We may need to introduce new products or updates to existing products that require Redditors to agree to new terms of service that Redditors do not like, which may negatively affect our brand and reputation.
[19] We expect that our ability to identify and respond to such content in a timely manner may decrease as the number of Redditors grows, as the amount of content on our platform increases, or as we expand our product and service offerings, such as an increase in video content.
[20] Any governmental or regulatory inquiry, investigation, or action, including 16 Table of Contents based on the appearance of illegal, illicit, or objectionable content on our platform or the failure to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, could damage our brand and reputation, regardless of the outcome.
[21] If we fail to promote and maintain the Reddit brand or preserve our reputation, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed.
[22] Our success depends partly on our ability to attract online visitors to our website.
[23] We rely, in part, on internet search engines, such as Google, to generate traffic to our website, primarily through free or organic searches.
[24] We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, and if our revenue growth does not increase to more than offset these anticipated increases in our costs and expenses, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects will be harmed, and we may not be able to maintain profitability.
[25] If our investments are not successful, our ability to increase revenue may be adversely affected.
[26] Without such growth, we could see our supply of monetizable inventory stay constant or decrease, which may limit or hinder our ability to increase revenue.
[27] As we continue to grow our advertiser base, our revenue depends on our ability to effectively serve enough advertisements that meet the objectives of our advertisers while maintaining a high-quality, relevant, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative user experience.
[28] If we are unable to do this on our platform due to either a decline in DAUq, or changes in our products or services or Redditor behavior that reduce our ability to display as many advertisements as our advertisers may request, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects would be adversely affected.
[29] If we are unable to do this with the data, technology, and resources available to us, we may need to rely more heavily on alternative revenue sources to grow our business.
[30] If we are unable to succeed in these monetization efforts or identify new revenue opportunities, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed.
[31] This may cause us to expand into markets before we are able to offer a service and advertising platform that has been sufficiently localized for those markets or where those markets lack the necessary demand and infrastructure for long-term adoption of our services.
[32] We face intense competition for advertising spend both inside and outside the United States, and we are subject to a rapidly evolving technology landscape.
[33] If we fail to attract or retain advertisers, or advertisers do not maintain or increase their advertising budgets, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected.
[34] We also face intense competition from a wide range of platforms and traditional media, and ongoing advancements in ad-blocking technology may undermine the effectiveness of our advertising, further challenging our ability to maintain and grow revenue.
[35] The occurrence of any of these or other factors could result in a reduction in demand for our ads, which may reduce the prices we receive for our ads, either of which would negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.
[36] If we do not develop successful new products and services or improve existing products and services, our business will suffer.
[37] Our ability to retain, increase, and engage Redditors and increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and services and to create successful new products and services.
[38] If we are unable to secure these resources on commercially reasonable terms, or if we are unable to continue developing and integrating advanced solutions at a pace that meets user expectations or competitive benchmarks, our market position and prospects could be adversely affected.
[39] Instead, we rely on our communities to self-organize and supplement our site-wide rules by devising their own rules that are tailored to the unique circumstances of their particular community.
[40] While we continue to work on improving our detection capabilities regarding these types of enforcement evasion, we may be unable to prevent such individuals or communities from further disrupting our platform and producing content that violates our rules.
