[1] If any of the events described in the RISK FACTORS actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected.
[2] Compliance with Governmental Regulations We are subject to various regulatory and tax-related requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate.
[3] Changes to such requirements, or the interpretation of such requirements by applicable regulatory bodies or the judiciary, may result in unanticipated material financial impacts or adverse tax consequences and could materially affect our operating results and financial condition.
[4] If we fail to qualify as a REIT, distributions to stockholders will not be deductible by us, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits.
[5] The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly address contamination caused by such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral, and could result in claims by and liabilities to third parties relating to contamination that emanated from our properties.
[6] If any of the events described in the following RISK FACTORS actually occur, our business, financial condition and/or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected.
[7] Macroeconomic, political, and geopolitical conditions and governmental policies may adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and the businesses of our tenants and could, in turn, adversely impact our business.
[8] A variety of macroeconomic, political, and geopolitical factors, driven in some cases by governmental policy decisions, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect the operating environment for retailers and service providers, including increasing the potential for a recession.
[9] All of this, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows, and the financial condition of the Company.
[10] Changes in interest rates may adversely impact our cost to borrow, real estate valuation, stock price, and ability to raise capital through issuance of debt and equity.
[11] Prolonged periods of elevated or volatile interest rates may adversely impact our cost of borrowing.
[12] Unfavorable developments that may affect the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business, liquidity and financial condition, and overall results of operations.
[13] Similarly, these events, concerns or speculation could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us and our tenants to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all.
[14] Additionally, our critical vendors and business partners also could be adversely affected by these risks as described above, which in turn could result in their committing a breach or default under their contractual agreements with us, their insolvency or bankruptcy, or other adverse effects.
[15] RISK FACTORS Related to Pandemics or other Public Health Crises Pandemics or other public health crises, may adversely affect our tenants' financial condition, the profitability of our properties, and our access to the capital markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
[16] RISK FACTORS Related to Operating Retail-Based Shopping Centers Shifts in retail trends, sales, and delivery methods between brick and mortar stores, e-commerce, home delivery, and curbside pick-up, as well as autonomous delivery systems, may adversely impact our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows.
[17] Any or all of these trends, technological changes and offering of different retail options and experiences may adversely impact our percent leased and rental rates, which would impact our results of operations and cash flows. 10 Changing economic and retail market conditions in geographic areas where our properties are concentrated may reduce our revenues and cash flow.
[18] In the event that a shadow Anchor Space becomes vacant, it could negatively impact our center as consumer traffic would likely be reduced.
[19] We may be unable to collect balances due from tenants in bankruptcy.
[20] As such, we may not be able to lower the operating expenses of our properties sufficiently to fully offset such adverse circumstances and may not be able to fully recoup these costs from our tenants.
[21] Compliance with the ADA requirements has in the past, and may in the future require removal of access barriers, and noncompliance may result in imposition of fines by the U.S. government or an award of damages to private litigants, or both.
[22] Costs to be in compliance with the ADA or any other building, fire, and safety regulations could have a material negative impact on our results of operations.
[23] Our real estate properties are carried at cost unless circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable, which may result in impairment.
[24] Changes in our investment, redevelopment, and disposition strategies or changes in the market where an asset is located may alter management's intended holding period of an asset or asset group, which may result in an impairment loss and such loss may be material to our financial condition or operating performance.
[25] We face risks associated with development, redevelopment, and expansion of properties.
[26] We may not recover our investment in our projects for which approvals are not received, and delays may adversely impact our expected returns.
[27] We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties.
[28] These unique risks may adversely impact our return on investment in these mixed-use development projects.
[29] We face risks associated with the acquisition of properties.
[30] We may be unable to sell properties when desired because of market conditions.
[31] Market conditions, including macroeconomic events, interest rate changes, capital availability, and pandemics and other health crises, may impact our ability to sell properties on our preferred timing and at prices and returns we deem acceptable.
[32] As a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties, including properties held in joint ventures, in response to changes in economic, industry, financial market, or other conditions may be limited.
[33] Certain properties we own have a low tax basis, which may result in a meaningful taxable gain in the event of a sale.
[34] RISK FACTORS Related to the Environment Affecting Our Properties Climate change may adversely impact our properties, some of which may be more vulnerable due to their geographic location, and may lead to additional compliance obligations and costs.
[35] For example, climate and other environmental changes may result in more unpredictable or decreased demand for retail space and in shopper traffic at certain of our properties, reduced rent and/or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate certain properties at all.
[36] We may also face disruptions to our business and the businesses of our tenants, which may result in higher costs or even some tenants being unable to conduct business in certain locations.
[37] In addition, we face the risk of the impacts of current, proposed and future legislative, regulatory and other governmental policy-related requirements in response to the perceived risks of climate change, as well as the expectations of investors, lenders and other stakeholders as to disclosures and responses relating to climate-related matters.
[38] Costs of environmental remediation may adversely impact our financial performance and reduce our cash flow.
[39] These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous substances, which may adversely impact our financial performance and reduce our cash flow.
[40] The presence of, or the failure to properly address the presence of, hazardous substances may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property, or borrow using the property as collateral.
