[1] In this section, we first provide a summary of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face and then provide a full set of RISK FACTORS and discuss them in greater detail.
[2] Summary of RISK FACTORS As noted above, we are subject to a number of risks that if realized could materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition.
[3] Some of the more significant risks and uncertainties we face include those summarized below.
[4] We and our collaborators on which we rely to commercialize some of our marketed products may be unable to continue to successfully commercialize or co-commercialize our products, both in and outside the United States.
[5] Many of our products are intended to be used in combination with drug-delivery devices, which may result in additional regulatory, commercialization, and other risks.
[6] Intellectual Property and Market Exclusivity Risks We may not be able to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, and our patents or other means of defending our intellectual property may be insufficient to protect our proprietary rights.
[7] Manufacturing and Supply Risks We rely on limited internal and contracted manufacturing and supply chain capacity, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and to advance our clinical pipeline.
[8] Our ability to manufacture products may be impaired if any of our or our collaborators' manufacturing activities, or the activities of other third parties involved in our manufacture and supply chain, are found to infringe patents of others.
[9] Third-party service or supply failures, failures at our manufacturing facilities in Rensselaer, New York and Limerick, Ireland, or failures at the facilities of any other party participating in the supply chain would adversely affect our ability to supply our products.
[10] Our business activities have been, and may in the future be, challenged under U.S. federal or state and foreign healthcare laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties.
[11] If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions, and fines.
[12] We face risks from the improper conduct of our employees, agents, contractors, or collaborators, including those relating to potential non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K.
[13] Changes in laws, regulations, and policies affecting the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business.
[14] Tax liabilities, tariffs and other trade restrictions, and other risks associated with our operations outside the United States could adversely affect our business.
[15] We have undertaken and may in the future undertake strategic acquisitions, and any difficulties from integrating such acquisitions or failure to realize the expected benefits from such acquisitions could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
[16] Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business.
[17] Our indebtedness could adversely impact our business.
[18] EYLEA and/or EYLEA HD net product sales recorded by us are likely to continue to be negatively impacted by biosimilar competition in the United States, including competition from additional biosimilar versions of EYLEA expected to launch in the United States in the second half of 2026, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
[19] In addition, we expect that competition for EYLEA and/or EYLEA HD outside the United States will continue to increase as biosimilar versions of EYLEA (including those already approved but not yet launched) are brought to market in additional countries, which may negatively impact the amount of collaboration revenue we earn from Bayer.
[20] If we or our collaborators do not maintain regulatory approval for our marketed products, or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will not be able to market or sell them; and if we do not obtain approvals for new indications for our marketed products, we may not be able to realize the full commercial potential of such products.
[21] Any of the foregoing may materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. "), the applicable marketing approval may be withdrawn, which would materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition.
[22] Failure to comply may also subject us to sanctions, product recalls, or withdrawals of previously approved marketing applications.
[23] Our revenues and profitability will be materially adversely affected if such third-party payors and other third parties do not adequately defray or reimburse the cost of our marketed products.
[24] There is no certainty that we will be able 40 Table of Contents to obtain or maintain the applicable requirements for reimbursement (including relevant formulary coverage, as discussed further below) of our current and future marketed products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business.
[25] Failure to be included in such formularies or to achieve favorable formulary status may negatively impact the utilization and market share of our marketed products.
[26] In addition, in many countries outside the United States, we or our collaborators must participate in a tender process for public procurement of our products, and any failure to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business.
[27] Product reimbursement and coverage policies and practices, pricing regulations and requirements, and our pricing strategy could change due to various factors beyond our control, which may adversely impact our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition.
[28] A reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement from U.S. government programs (including as a result of the legislation, proposals, initiatives, and developments described above) could have a material adverse effect on the sales of our marketed products.
[29] Marketed Products We face substantial competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.
[30] Due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for a product against any particular target, which may have a material adverse effect on our business or future prospects.
[31] We face increasing competition from Chinese biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including Chinese state-owned or state-backed enterprises, with respect to both our marketed products and product candidates.
[32] We rely on our collaborations with Bayer and Sanofi for commercializing some of our marketed products.
[33] As a result, we rely in part on Sanofi's sales and marketing organization for Dupixent.
[34] If we and Sanofi fail to coordinate our sales and marketing efforts effectively, sales of Dupixent may be materially adversely affected.
[35] These methods of administration are generally disfavored by patients when compared to tablet or capsule delivery, which could adversely affect the commercial success of such marketed products or, if they receive marketing approval, product candidates.
[36] Our ability to generate and grow sales of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our distributor customers are able to provide adequate distribution of our products to healthcare providers.
[37] The loss of any large distributor customer, a significant reduction in sales we make to them, any cancellation of orders they have made with us, or any failure to pay for the products we have shipped to them could adversely affect our results of operations.
[38] If we are unable to establish sufficient commercial capabilities outside the United States for products we intend to commercialize or co-commercialize outside the United States, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
[39] These and other difficulties relating to commercializing our products outside the United States may harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition.
[40] Such third parties may be unable or unwilling on terms acceptable to us to provide such companion diagnostics or to obtain timely regulatory approval of or product labeling updates for such companion diagnostics, which could negatively impact regulatory approval of our product candidates or may result in increased development costs or delays.
