[1] Discussed below are RISK FACTORS that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, as well as the value of, and return on investment in the Company.
[2] If business and economic conditions worsen or volatility increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
[3] Fluctuations in market interest rates, including the level and shape of the yield curve, may adversely affect our performance.
[4] Additionally, elevated interest rates would increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers and may adversely affect those borrowers ability to pay as contractually obligated, 21 Table of Contents ultimately resulting in additional delinquencies or charge-offs.
[5] Sustained higher interest rates and continued Federal Reserve asset reductions may adversely affect market stability, market liquidity and the Company s financial performance and condition.
[6] Credit Risks If we experience greater credit losses in our loan portfolios than anticipated, our earnings may be materially adversely affected.
[7] Customers or counterparties may become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or leases, which could result in a higher level of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, and provisions for credit losses.
[8] Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
[9] If, as a result of general economic conditions, there is a decrease in asset quality or growth in the loan portfolio and management determines that additional increases in the allowance for credit losses are necessary, we may incur additional expenses which will reduce our net income and could materially affect our financial condition.
[10] Losses in excess of the existing allowance for credit losses will reduce our net income and could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, perhaps materially.
[11] These adjustments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
[12] In general, ratings agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix and level and quality of earnings, and we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings.
[13] Our credit ratings can have negative consequences that can impact our ability to access the debt and capital markets, as well as reduce our profitability through increased costs on future debt issuances.
[14] If we were to be downgraded below investment grade, we may not be able to reliably access the short-term unsecured funding markets, and certain customers could be prohibited from placing deposits with Regions Bank, which could cause us to hold more cash and liquid investments to meet our ongoing liquidity needs.
[15] Changes in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
[16] These perceptions about us could cause our business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that we face.
[17] The failure of other banks and financial institutions and the measures taken by governments, businesses and other organizations in response to these events, including increased regulatory scrutiny, could adversely impact Regions business, financial condition and results of operations.
[18] Any such losses could materially and adversely affect Regions results of operations and financial condition.
[19] Furthermore, disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral may increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and we could suffer losses during these periods if we are unable to realize the fair value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral.
[20] Liquidity Risks Ineffective liquidity management could adversely affect our financial results and condition.
[21] A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 23 Table of Contents Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase our funding costs.
[22] We rely on the mortgage secondary market to manage various risks.
[23] We rely on the Agencies to purchase loans that meet their conforming loan requirements in order to reduce our credit risk and provide funding for additional loans we desire to originate.
[24] The exact effects of any such reforms, if implemented, are not yet known, but they may limit our ability to sell conforming loans to the Agencies.
[25] If we are unable to continue to sell conforming loans to the Agencies, our ability to fund, and thus originate, additional mortgage loans may be adversely affected, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
[26] Technology Risks We are at risk of a variety of systems failures or errors and cyber-attacks or other similar incidents that could adversely affect customer experience and our business and financial performance.
[27] These incidents could result in the loss, unauthorized disclosure, misuse or misappropriation of confidential, personal, proprietary or other information, damage to our reputation, increases to our costs and cause customer and financial losses.
[28] As a large financial institution, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a continuous basis and otherwise collect, transmit, store and process a significant amount of personal information in connection therewith.
[29] In all cases, the attacks primarily resulted in 24 Table of Contents inconvenience; however, future cyber-attacks or other similar incidents could be more disruptive and damaging, and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks.
[30] While we perform cybersecurity diligence on our key service providers, because we do not control our service providers and our ability to monitor their cybersecurity is limited, we cannot ensure the cybersecurity measures they take will be sufficient to protect any information we share them.
[31] We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability.
[32] At the federal level, we are subject to the GLBA which requires financial institutions to, among other things, periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing personal information and, in some cases, enables retail customers to opt out of the sharing of certain non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties.
[33] Any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, distract our management and technical personnel, increase our costs of doing business, adversely affect the demand for our products and services and ultimately result in the imposition of liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[34] Despite our investments in technology, our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address clients needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in our operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms.
[35] A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense.
[36] The development and use of AI presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business.
[37] Additionally, if we do not have sufficient rights to use AI models, the data on which they are trained or prompts or algorithms on which they rely or the output thereof, we could also incur liability through the violation of applicable laws and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights or contracts to which we are a party.
[38] Any of these risks may impact our ability to realize the benefit of such information or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, and could result in regulatory compliance failures and otherwise harm our competitive position and business.
[39] We may not be able to sufficiently mitigate, remediate or detect any of the foregoing limitations or risks given our and other market participants evolving experience with using AI, the pace of technological change, and rapid adoption of AI by our third-party vendors, clients, counterparties or competitors.
[40] Additionally, our competitors and other third parties may incorporate AI into their business processes, services and products more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
