[1] However, these actuarial assumptions may change jurisdiction for multinational corporations have been adopted by in the future and this may have a material impact on the amount the EU and are therefore effective as from 1 January 2024.
[2] RISK MANAGEMENT AND MITIGATION The diversity and size of the Group’s distribution network, spread across many countries, and the diversification of its main customers in the supermarket sector, limit its exposure to this risk.
[3] Lastly, credit risk is mitigated through credit insurance coverage with the standard guarantees.
[4] In this way, the Group’s risk management policy transfers part of the risk to insurers. (1) Note 4.9 to the consolidated financial statements. 4.
[5] Pension funds(1) RISK IDENTIFICATION AND DESCRIPTION POTENTIAL IMPACTS ON THE GROUP The Group’s unfunded pension obligations amounted to €265 million The asset/liability balance is subject to, among other factors, the at 30 June 2025.
[6] A liquidity crisis or major financial plans totalled €64 million. shock could significantly undermine the performance of financial The Group’s pension obligations are for the most part covered by assets and jeopardise the asset/liability balance.
[7] A pronounced balance sheet provisions and partially by pension funds or insurance. asset/liability imbalance may require an increase in the Group’s The amount of these provisions is based on certain actuarial pension obligations recognised in the balance sheet and result in an assumptions, including, for example, discounting factors, increase in the provision for pensions.
[8] This could have a significant demographic trends, pension trends, future salary trends and negative impact on the Group’s financial results. expected returns on plan assets.
[9] RISK MANAGEMENT AND MITIGATION Specific governance and a management policy have been implemented and are regularly reviewed in line with the risk profile of the Group’s various pension plans.
[10] The investment strategy is subject to frequent review in order to minimise the volatility of assets.
[11] The buy-in transaction completed in September 2019 for the largest of the Group’s pension funds is a concrete example of the proactive strategy to minimise risks.
[12] The insurance policy therefore reduces the Group’s exposure for that fund to funding deficits arising from market risks, including inflation and interest rate risks, and longevity risks.
[13] Programmes at Group level are accompanied by a policy of prevention to reduce risk as much as monitored by the Head of Risk and Insurance, who coordinates possible.
[14] The Group carefully assesses its risks in order to fine- insurance policy and risk management.
[15] Credit insurance is tune the level of coverage of the risks it incurs. managed by the Group Treasury team.
[16] Special risks • Risks relating to the civil liability of Corporate Officers, fraud and malintent, terrorism, political violence and cybersecurity, are covered by dedicated global insurance programmes that are rolled out locally as required.
[17] All these players have the experience and resources required to manage exceptional situations. 4.4 Risks and litigation: provisioning procedure In the course of its business, the Pernod Ricard Group is involved in legal proceedings and subject to tax, customs and administrative audits.
[18] The Group only recognises provisions for risks and contingencies when it is probable that a present obligation arising as a result of a past event will require the payment of an amount that can be estimated reliably.
[19] Provisions may therefore require the use of judgement by Group management. 4.5 Financial and accounting information 4.5.1 Preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements In addition to the management information described above, the • use of a common software package by Group affiliates.
[20] Non-recurring costs mainly due to restructuring, lapping last year’s Wine business impairment and the reversal on Kahlúa impairment. 330 Pernod Ricard — UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2024-2025 Management Report Outlook 5 5.3 Net debt Reconciliation of net financial debt – Net financial debt is a metric used by the Group to manage its cash and net debt capacity.
[21] UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2024-2025 — Pernod Ricard 333 5 Management Report Material contracts 2022 Credit Agreement (Bilateral Credit) The obligations of Pernod Ricard Finance under the Bilateral Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Pernod Ricard.
[22] The securities may Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – AMF) on the base be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.
[23] The maximum nominal prospectus, on 26 May 2020, Pernod Ricard set up a Euro Medium amount of securities outstanding under the Programme is set at Term Notes (EMTN) programme that is updated annually, most €7 billion (or the equivalent in any other currency). recently on 24 October 2024 (the “Programme”).
[24] Under the terms of the Programme, the Group may issue bonds by means 5.6.2.4 Sustainability-linked bond On 7 April 2022, Pernod Ricard conducted its first issuance of bonds The KPIs are aligned with the Sustainability & Responsibility (S&R) incorporating environmental commitments, totalling €750 million roadmap and the United Nations 2030 SDGs.
[25] Pernod Ricard has set ambitious Sustainability Performance Targets On 2 November 2022, Pernod Ricard conducted two new bond (SPTs) to highlight its commitment and leadership across the issuances incorporating the same environmental commitments. sector, with both short-term and long-term trajectories.
[26] For more information on the Group’s of alcohol produced at distilleries Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance, see The improvement in water intensity at the distilleries is the result Chapter 3 “Sustainability & Responsibility”.
[27] The rainwater verifier for the €600,000,000 3.250% Sustainability-Linked Notes harvesting project commissioned in 2024 is now fully operational due 2 November 2028 (ISIN: FR001400DOV0) and the at the Midleton Distillery site, and led to an estimated 6,000 m³ €500,000,000 3.750% Sustainability-Linked Notes due 2 November reduction in water consumption this year.
[28] Any impairment loss is the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and calculated using discounted future cash flows and/or the market adopted by the European Union. values of the assets in question.
[29] The Arrangements”. assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2025 and the procedures used in their The application of these amendments had no material impact on determination are set out in Note 4.7 – Provisions.
[30] Measurement basis Group will have future taxable profits against which such losses The financial statements are prepared in accordance with the may be used.
[31] At Hyperinflation each reporting date, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the closing exchange rate.
[32] These are recognised directly in shareholders’ application of IAS 29 has been deemed non-material, and the equity, under translation differences, until the disposal of the net corresponding restatements have not been made. investment.
[33] On disposal of a the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and foreign entity, the cumulative translation differences recognised liabilities is recognised as goodwill.
[34] The option is available for each in shareholders’ equity are reclassified in profit and loss. transaction to apply either the proportionate or full goodwill method.
[35] Goodwill arising on the acquisition of foreign entities is denominated in the functional currency of the business acquired. 7.
[36] Assets held for sale Goodwill is not amortised.
[37] Instead, it is subject to an impairment and discontinued operations test once a year or more often if there is any indication that it may In accordance with IFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and have been impaired.
[38] Foreign currency translation case, the asset must be available for immediate sale and its sale must be highly probable.
[39] Items in the balance sheet related to 6.1 Presentation currency used in the discontinued operations and assets held for sale are presented consolidated financial statements under specific lines in the annual consolidated financial statements.
[40] Income statement items related to discontinued operations and The Group’s annual consolidated financial statements are assets held for sale are presented separately in the financial prepared in euros, which is the functional currency and the statements for all periods reported if they are significant from a presentation currency of the Parent Company.
