[1] If we are unable to mitigate these cost increases, or if demand for our vehicles decreases due to the higher cost, economic uncertainty or global or domestic recession, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
[2] Any failure to adequately increase revenues or contain and/or reduce costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability in the future, in which case our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected.
[3] If we are unable to mitigate these increased production costs, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
[4] If we are unable to efficiently manage our cost of revenues, operating expenses, and capital expenditures, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected.
[5] Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors.
[6] Our ability to receive advances under our DOE Loan is subject to certain conditions, including the achievement of certain milestones, which may not be achieved at the time that we anticipate or at all.
[7] If we are unable to do so, we will not be able to achieve profitability.
[8] Any failure to meet our delivery targets could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[9] Reduced EV segment demand could lead to lower sales, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers, and increased inventory, which may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[10] In addition, through the creation of the Joint Venture , the electrical architecture and vertically integrated software used in our vehicles will be integrated into vehicles outside of Rivian , which could negatively impact our ability to compete.
[11] Our competitors with greater financial resources may be able to adjust their pricing strategies, with limited impact on their business, while any adjustment in pricing strategies that we undertake will have a greater impact on our business and we may not be able to competitively match their actions.
[12] If we do not adjust our pricing strategies, we may experience lower vehicle unit sales and increased inventory, reduced demand for our products and services, a loss of customers, or a loss in future market share, any of which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[13] We will also depend upon the adoption of EVs by operators of commercial vehicle fleets for future growth, and on our ability to produce, sell and service vehicles that meet their needs.
[14] Our long-term results depend upon our ability to successfully introduce, integrate, and market new products and services, which may expose us to new and increased challenges and risks, and any inability to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[15] Furthermore, our growth strategy depends, in part, on our ability to successfully introduce and market new products and services, such as financing, insurance, vehicle repair and maintenance, charging solutions, vehicle resale, as well as software for consumers, such as Connect+ and Autonomy+, and fleet management for commercial customers.
[16] Our ability to achieve or maintain profitability will depend on our ability to fund and successfully design, manufacture, introduce, and market new vehicle models, products and services that attract a sufficient number of customers.
[17] There can be no assurances that any additional capital needed will be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[18] We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant delays in the manufacture and delivery of our vehicles, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[19] Our business depends in large part on our ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory approval for, market, and sell vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on schedule and on a large scale.
[20] Any production disruptions, including as a result of any component shortages due to tariffs or other trade barriers, construction delays or delays in the manufacture or delivery of our vehicles could materially damage our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could cause us to experience liquidity constraints.
[21] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[22] If the Joint Venture or our other vendors or suppliers fail to provide such services to us in a timely and sufficient manner or at all, we may not be able to integrate the necessary software and hardware into our products and services, operations or IT systems.
[23] Our potential inability to develop and integrate the necessary software and hardware may materially interrupt our business and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
[24] We rely on vendors and suppliers to develop a number of emerging technologies for use in our products and services, including battery technology and the use of different battery cell chemistries.
[25] As a result, our business plan could be significantly impacted and we may incur significant liabilities under warranty claims which could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[26] We are subject to risks associated with our joint venture with Volkswagen Group , including that a significant portion of our software and services revenues has been from Volkswagen Group.
[27] An impact on our ability to recognize the benefits of the Joint Venture or any increased expenditure of our resources as a result of the Joint Venture may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[28] If the Joint Venture is unable to produce software of the quality necessary to meet the demands of our vehicles, or on timelines necessary to meet such demands, our ability to sell vehicles could be impacted, which may result in our business being materially harmed.
[29] As a result, we may face disputes and differences in views in operating the Joint Venture , which may result in reduced ability to operate, delayed decision making and failure to come to consensus.
[30] Any disagreements that we have with Volkswagen Group with respect to the operation of the Joint Venture could delay or derail our ability to implement improvements to our products and services or impede our commercial operations.
[31] Any reduced ability to operate may materially impact the Joint Venture s business, prospects and financial condition, which in turn could impact our ability to realize any anticipated benefits of the Joint Venture .
[32] Any exit or unwinding of the Joint Venture would be complex and would be subject to negotiation between the parties and may result in increased costs and expenditures.
[33] In addition, we expect that Volkswagen Group will offer vehicles that compete with ours using our licensed background technology and technology developed by the Joint Venture , which may materially adversely impact our business given Volkswagen Group s size, resources and position in the automotive market.
[34] If we announce any proposed strategic alliance, but are unable to close such proposed transaction, we may suffer negative publicity and it may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[35] In addition, these alliances could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, with non-performance by the third party and with increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[36] In addition to possible stockholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may disrupt our business strategy if we fail to obtain any such approval or license.
[37] Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations.
[38] Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets, and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business.
[39] The prices we pay for these raw materials fluctuate depending on factors often beyond our control, including market conditions, inflation, changes in interest rates, market prices of key commodities, regulatory requirements, and global demand for these materials, and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
[40] For example, China's changes to its export control requirements on certain materials, including rare earth minerals have caused, and could continue to cause, impact on our ability to receive raw materials and components, costs and production.
