[1] RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common and preferred stock.
[2] The list of RISK FACTORS provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects.
[3] If we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects.
[4] In addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk.
[5] A failure or perceived failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards or to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs, and reputational harm.
[6] AND SUBSIDIARIES Index whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of client confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general.
[7] Any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third parties we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation.
[8] We also rely on numerous third parties, including service providers that utilize cloud technologies to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them.
[9] A technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators.
[10] As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal, state, and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information.
[11] An inability to maintain adequate funding and liquidity to operate our business could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition.
[12] Furthermore, as a BHC, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or repurchase our stock.
[13] Our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets, wider credit spreads, or our inability to pay a prevailing rate of interest that is competitive with other market offerings.
[14] Significant volatility in our clients cash sweep and bank deposit balances and higher costs in sourcing such balances could negatively affect our net revenues, our Bank segment s growth, and our regulatory capital ratios.
[15] We rely heavily on the RJBDP to fund our Bank segment asset growth.
[16] In addition, an inability to deploy client cash to third-party banks through RJBDP would require us to retain more cash in our Bank segment or in our CIP, both of which may cause a significant increase in our assets, thereby negatively affecting certain of our regulatory capital ratios.
[17] In such event, we may have to pay higher interest rates to replace them with other sources of funding, which could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.
[18] We are exposed to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects.
[19] Substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and future business prospects.
[20] Although the recent government shutdown is not expected to materially affect our results of operations, any prolonged future shutdown could significantly impact business and economic conditions generally or specifically in our key markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results and financial condition.
[21] Conversely, periods of severe market volatility may result in a significantly higher level of transactions and activity which may cause operational challenges that may result in losses.
[22] Periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including our interest expense on debt, lease expenses, and salary expenses, are fixed and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited.
[23] Our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
[24] Our ability to recruit, serve and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, leadership, business generation capabilities and client service skills of our client-serving professionals, members of our executive team, as well as employees who support revenue-generating professionals and their clients.
[25] The labor market remains competitive, and we face competition for talent across all aspects of our business, as well as competition with non-traditional firms, such as technology companies.
[26] As competition for skilled professionals remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could negatively affect earnings.
[27] If we were to lose the services of any of our financial advisors, investment bankers, senior equity research analysts, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services.
[28] If we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition will be adversely affected.
[29] To the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our associates, which could result in increased recruiting expense, result in our recruiting additional associates at compensation levels that are higher than our 24 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC.
[30] Some of these claims may result in material litigation.
[31] Deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans or the non-performance of counterparties to certain derivatives could result in losses.
[32] Declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices, or foreclose on certain real estate properties.
[33] A sharp change in the market values of the securities utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments.
[34] This may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
[35] For example, interest rate increases could adversely affect the value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio.
[36] If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
[37] In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, potentially leading to increased concentrations.
[38] The inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition, and liquidity.
[39] In addition, below-market investment performance by our funds, portfolio managers, or financial advisors could result in reputational damage that might cause outflows or make it more difficult to attract new investors into our asset management products and thus, further impact our business and financial condition. 26 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC.
[40] As a market maker, we take ownership of positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified.
