[1] Any of the following RISK FACTORS could materially adversely affect our business, including our prospects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the trading price of our securities, and/or the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report.
[2] Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business in future periods or if circumstances change.
[3] Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic, political, and other conditions, including the imposition of significant new tariffs or other changes to existing trade policies and agreements, may adversely affect the global economy and/or the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products.
[4] Accordingly, a downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in which 24 we, or our wholesale customers and licensing partners, sell our products, or other changes in consumer preferences, may materially adversely affect our business.
[5] Economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business.
[6] The inability of third parties to manufacture and/or ship our products due to insufficient liquidity or otherwise could impair our ability to meet the delivery date requirements of our customers.
[7] A disruption in the ability of our significant customers to access liquidity could cause serious disruptions or an overall deterioration of their businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[8] Any deterioration in global financial or capital markets could affect our ability to access sources of liquidity to provide for our future cash needs, increase the cost of any future financing, or cause our lenders to be unable to meet their funding commitments under our credit and overdraft facilities.
[9] The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance.
[10] Although we hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course of business, we cannot fully anticipate all of our currency exposures and therefore foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our business.
[11] Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[12] We have developed a long-term growth strategy with the objective of delivering sustainable, profitable growth and long-term value creation for shareholders, as outlined in Item 1 "Business Objectives and Opportunities." Our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy is subject to various risks and uncertainties, as described herein.
[13] These investments may result in short-term costs without accompanying current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term.
[14] The success of our business also depends largely on our ability to continue to maintain, enhance, and expand our digital footprint and capabilities.
[15] Any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce platforms, including mobile apps, could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales.
[16] The success of our business depends on our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and provide a seamless shopping experience to our customers.
[17] Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner.
[18] Any failure on our part to anticipate, identify, and respond effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends could adversely affect consumer acceptance of our products and leave us with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities.
[19] Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[20] Our marketing and advertising programs are integral to the success of our product offerings and on our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers.
[21] Ineffective marketing and advertising programs could impede our ability to maintain brand relevance, attract new customers, or retain existing customers.
[22] If we are unable to develop and continuously improve our customer-facing technologies, the efforts of which typically require significant capital investments, we may not be able to provide a convenient and consistent experience to our customers regardless of the sales channel.
[23] This could negatively affect our ability to compete with other retailers and result in diminished loyalty to our brands, which could adversely impact our business.
[24] Any significant declines in retail traffic in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[25] Our profitability may decline if we are unable to effectively manage inventory or as a result of increasing pressure on margins.
[26] Our failure to continue to shorten lead times or to correctly anticipate consumer preferences and demand could result in the build-up of excess inventory.
[27] Excess inventory levels could result in the utilization of less-preferred distribution channels, markdowns, promotional sales, donations, or destruction to dispose of such excess or slow-moving inventory, which may negatively impact our overall profitability and/or impair the image of our brands.
[28] Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty, and result in lost sales.
[29] Although we continue to limit our promotional activity in connection with our quality of sales initiatives, these factors may cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to decline.
[30] If we are not successful in implementing and managing our restructuring plans, we may not be able to achieve targeted operating enhancements, sales growth, and/or cost reductions, which could adversely impact our business.
[31] Our failure to achieve targeted results for any reason, including business disruptions resulting from adverse economic conditions or catastrophic events such as pandemic diseases, could also lead to the implementation of additional restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term.
[32] Our ability to maintain our brand image and leverage the goodwill associated with Mr.
[33] Lauren or other extended or permanent loss of his services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to him or arising from his loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[34] The departure of any key individual and the failure to ensure a smooth transition and effective transfer of knowledge involving senior employees could hinder or delay our strategic planning and execution, as well as adversely affect our ability to attract and retain other experienced and talented employees.
[35] The success of our business also depends on our ability to attract and retain an adequate number of qualified employees to operate our retail stores and distribution centers and to perform various corporate functions.
[36] Competition in our industry to attract and retain employees is intense and is influenced by our reputation, our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, and economic conditions, among other factors.
[37] The departure of key individuals or our failure to maintain sufficient employee staffing levels could have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as impede our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
[38] As approximately 96% of our products are currently produced outside of the U.S., any material change in tariffs or other trade restrictions could result in a significant increase to our product costs.
[39] There can be no assurance that we will be able to offset 29 potential increased product costs through higher sales prices to our consumers, supply chain diversification, or other mitigating measures, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business due to lower profitability.
[40] The inability of a manufacturer to ship orders of our products in a timely manner or to meet our strict quality standards could cause us to miss the delivery date requirements of our customers for those items, which could result in cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries, or a substantial reduction in purchase prices.
