[1] Businesswomen Leading the Sustainability to genuine and impactful efforts.
[2] In 2023, the Risk and Compliance functions, ensuring the full protection of the Group from both team, boasting 72 professionals responsible for identifying, division renewed its ISO 31000:2018 certificate, which provides conventional and emerging risks.
[3] Financial Statements overseeing, and mitigating the Group’s operational, liquidity, guidelines for managing any form of risk in a systematic, market, and credit risks.
[4] To ensure the reviewing process is at maximum of the Group Chief Risk and Compliance Officer. for the second consecutive year. efficiency, the function carries out frequent reviews with the Firm’s departments in accordance with each function’s risk 2023 Operational Highlights The department has also achieved the renewal of the ISO level and the internal scores awarded in the previous review.
[5] In 2023, EFG Holding’s Risk team conducted business 22301:2012 certification for the seventh consecutive year.
[6] The Accordingly, high- and medium-risk departments are reviewed continuity drills to ensure group-wide business continuity and Group has also successfully obtained an investment banking on an annual basis, and low-risk departments are reviewed to mitigate related risks, and it conducted evacuations drills to license in the UAE to expand operations.
[7] This aligns with the every other year, except for regulated entities that are required ensure employee safety.
[8] Additionally, the division conducts team conducted extensive compliance reviews to ensure of operation, with continuous improvements and updates follow-ups on previous audit findings to ensure they have been compliance with the local rules and regulations and group implemented across the entire Group. appropriately addressed and corrected.
[9] In alignment During 2023, the Internal Audit function successfully completed with this, the Risk and Compliance Department is committed Our Team its annual audit plan.
[10] The Risk and Compli- new products, continuity of business lines, and subsidiaries — The division continued to use TeamMate — a bespoke digital tool ance Group was responsible for overseeing the AML, GDPR, particularly in the Investment Bank and NBFI platform arms — are introduced as part of EFG Holding’s wider digital transformation and Anti-fraud course.
[11] By the end of 2023, EFG Holding had seamlessly integrated into EFG Holding’s control frameworks, and strategy — to solidify EFG Holding’s leading position as a digitally conducted five mandatory training courses to 879 employees that any new laws and regulations regarding these expansions integrated financial services group.
[12] Be it understanding the talent landscape, the best service while enriching them. important to us that we deliver the same HR experience no matter providers, the benefits employees appreciate, or the regulatory aiBANK the location.
[13] In November 2021, EFG Holding concluded the Our Controls restructuring of the Firm, focusing on cost streamlining and acquisition of a commercial bank in Egypt, solidifying its transition divestment of non-core assets.
[14] He recently launched the Vortex Energy IV fund, an energy the M&A execution team in Frankfurt, advising on several mid- aiBANK transition fund that has invested in IGNIS, a 20GW leading fully cap transactions in Continental Europe.
[15] Holding’s Group Chief Risk and Compliance Following three years at HSBC, El Wakeel Officer, a post he has held since 2013.
[16] As Head of Operations, El of the Group’s risk appetite framework, and Wakeel played a pivotal role in setting up and obtained the ISO 22301:2019 certification for the Our Team Mohamed El Wakeel integrating the operations of the Firm’s newly Abdel Wahab Mohamed Firm’s Business Continuity Management System CSI Group Chief Operating Officer, launched offices in new markets.
[17] Gadayel and the ISO 31000:2018 certification for the EFG Holding Group Chief Risk and Compliance Firm’s Enterprise Risk Management.
[18] He also holds an Our Team experience, ElAfifi most recently co-founded the Cairo-based MBA from the Wharton School of Business with a concentration CSI real estate investment management and advisory business, in finance, strategic, and entrepreneurial Management, and he 46 Group.
[19] Financial Statements Mona Zulficar Zulficar also played an instrumental role in modernizing and Independent Chairperson, reforming economic and banking laws and regulations, both in EFG Holding her capacity as former board member of the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) during the banking reform program from 2003 to 2011 and as a prominent member of national drafting committees.
[20] EFG Hermes Elaraby advises clients on M&A and private equity transactions, as well as governments on strategic and regulatory matters.
[21] Cheval then became Head of Finance and Risk, member of Natixis Senior Management Committee, and Second Senior Manager of Natixis in September 2012, holding said positions until October 2017.
[22] Between then and March 2022, he became Senior Advisor to Natixis’ CEO, chairing the Credit Risk Committee and acting as Natixis Chief Negotiator for the main operations of financial restructuring.
[23] He is a competent and Holding’s Board of Directors.
[24] He was the backbone in all countries and lines of business Group Chief Risk Officer at BPCE from 2019 Financial Statements while maintaining the highest degree of to 2021.
[25] From 1986 to 2000, Volpe was the Founder, Chairman, and CEO of Volpe Brown Whelan & Company (VBW), an international aiBANK risk capital, investment management, and investment banking firm focused on rapidly growing entrepreneurial companies Our Controls in the technology and healthcare industries.
[26] Egypt in corporate Strategic Direction banking and risk management, three years with Banque du Caire EFG Hermes as Executive Vice Chairman, and five years as Chairman for the Cairo FarEast Bank and non-executive Board Member of Banque EFG Finance Misr and Banque du Caire, and five years as Chief Country Officer for Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank in Iraq.
[27] She was appointed the first aiBANK chairperson of the Egyptian Competition Authority for five years.
[28] Yassine founded the Egyptian Association for the Protection of Our Controls Competition, an NGO established in Cairo, Egypt, in September 2011, and assumed the post of Vice Chairperson.
[29] CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY & IMPACT (CSI) At a Glance OUR APPROACH Strategic Direction EFG Hermes TO SUSTAINABILITY EFG Finance aiBANK Our Controls Our Team EFG Holding commemorates a decade of commitment to sustainability reporting, reflecting its CSI unwavering dedication to transparency and accountability.
[30] Through robust reporting mechanisms, including the introduction of its first Carbon Footprint Report this year, EFG Holding demonstrates its commitment to climate action and long-term value generation for stakeholders.
[31] The Group’s sustainability journey began with the establishment of the EFG Foundation in 2006, focusing on sustainable development rather than traditional charity.
[32] Active membership in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) since 2011 laid the groundwork for sustainability initiatives, driven by internal awareness-building and increasing demand for robust ESG policies from international stakeholders.
[33] EFG Holding is recognized as a finalist in the EFG Finance steady growth in Environmental ESG Investing Awards for Best Corporate our sustainability Sustainability Strategy, Best ESG Investment aiBANK disclosures.
[34] Governance focus on key SDGs and a dual approach of investment and financing, the company aims for maximum impact while aligning its operations with global sustainability standards.
[35] As it looks ahead, EFG Holding remains dedicated to fostering sustainable development, maintaining leadership in governance and accountability, and engaging stakeholders to achieve its sustainability goals in the coming years.
[36] In 2019, EFG Holding issued a Statement on Climate Change, The carbon footprint assessment was conducted based on At a Glance and subsequently, climate change considerations were included Total Emissions per several international and widely applied standards, protocols, and Strategic Direction in the Group’s ESG policy.
[37] FRA, which recently mandated ESG reporting for publicly listed organizations and required climate reporting according to the EFG Finance Carbon footprinting is a powerful tool that enables organizations TCFD for large NBFIs. to assess their environmental impact and develop strategies aiBANK to reduce their carbon emissions.
[38] It presents a summary of EFG Holding’s climate initiatives decarbonization policies and procedures and engagement and efforts, in addition to surveying and calculating the Firm’s with subsidiaries, such as EFG Corp-Solutions and Valu, to help carbon footprint.
[39] Although this is considered the first attempt Categories mtCO2e identify initiatives to deepen their portfolios in areas related to Diesel Generator 11.5 to quantify and assess the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions climate resilience.
[40] Vortex Energy (IV) Strategic Direction Equity, is a prominent player in energy transition investments.
