[1] Europe’s 1st circular We rely on a growing ecosystem of expanding subsidi- aries dedicated to the circular economy, to give a sec- Re-start economy factory Re-cycle ond life to materials and components.
[2] that may imperil the objectives outlined which, in particular, examine and approve the map- in the strategic plan.
[3] It first identifies and assesses ping work of major risks facing the Group then monitor risks, which it maps according to a top-down analysis risk action plans. with input from a bottom-up risk assessment.
[4] Second, it oversees the effective implementation of necessary risk reduction action plans that operational depart- Groupwide roll-out of risk RENAULT GROUP RISK FACTORS CRITICALITY LEVEL ments draft and deploy.
[5] It builds on work produced by LOW MEDIUM HIGH the Internal Control and Internal Audit departments. management and monitoring systems That is sent through to the Risks and Internal Control Global warming risks We strongly believe that risk management policies only truly work when supported by all.
[6] Hence, our Risk of insufficient response to disruption of existing activities risk management system is built around three lines: Strategy operational management, global functions and the Risk of insufficient capacity to develop new business Internal Audit Department.
[7] Risk of inadequate performance by the Alliance OUR RISK MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE Operational management adapts and deploys in its Risk of supply chain disruption area of responsibility the principles and techniques AUDIT AND RISKS COMMITTEE (ARC) of internal control and risk management defined at Risks related to geopolitical instability and economic conditions BOARD OF MANAGEMENT (BOM) Group level.
[8] Operations Risk of insufficient capacity to restore operational performance Global functions establish and circulate reference Risks and Internal Control Ethics and Compliance Committee (RICC) Committee (ECC) texts on risk management.
[9] They ensure that the Risk of natural, health or industrial disasters policies and standards are properly applied and Social risk implemented.
[10] We are strengthening our leadership in electric vehicles, thinking broadly about all stages in the life cycle and reducing our consumption of materials to do more with less.
[11] Their analysis is divided into two cat- As a carmaker and mobility player, our role in the fight against climate egories: transition risks, linked to the shift towards a low-carbon economy and all the adaptations that change is crucial.
[12] Launched in 2021, the Renaulution strategic plan this implies; and physical risks with their potential marks the start a new era for Renault Group: it will ensure our sustainable consequences for businesses and supply.
[13] The commercial opportunities and worldwide by 2050. and associated competitiveness drivers have also been studied.
[14] These risks and opportunities have been assessed on the basis of several climate sce- narios within short-term (before 2030), medium-term (2030-2040) and long-term (2040-2050) timeframes.
[15] In 2021, we introduced global warming-related risks To make this transformation possible, we have of new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions into the Group’s map of major risks in order to make adapted our governance and factored the fight and pollutants.
[16] Climate Plan details all the drivers that will enable us specialist committee, the Strategy and Sustainable to reduce our levels of greenhouse gas emissions in Development Committee, and tasked it with carry- the short and medium term, with deadlines in 2025 ing out an in-depth review of environmental issues, and 2030 (see following pages).
[17] In 2021, it was decided to com- 2022 target of reducing our vehicles’ carbon footprint bine this committee with the Strategy Committee, as — (1) The risks and opportunities related to Renault Group’s by 25% compared to 2010, which we are on course to environmental, social, societal and governance issues environment and their sensitivity to the various scenarios achieve (down 22% by end-2021).
[18] Physical Group’s environmental policy are discussed twice strategic plan is geared New Green Deal), the how we monitor risks are, in particular, at the highest level… a year and arbitrated within the BoM.
[19] This link enables the issue of climate change to be meshed analysis of climate- development. chains, and failures In addition, measures year, the Board of Directors examines climate change with all the Group’s strategic and operational issues, related risks and The opportunities in the supply chain. are implemented issues and the associated risks and opportunities.
[20] It approves Renault Group’s greenhouse gas emissions whether planned new models, industrial choices or opportunities requires identified include the Resource shortages across the board, such strategy, the electrification strategy and the impact battery chemistry and capacity.
[21] A network of con- the development of development of new and geopolitical risks as the launch in 2022 tacts oversees the rollout of operational targets in alternative climate products and services, are additional risks of a comprehensive all the Group’s business departments.
[22] These depart- scenarios in order to strengthening the within an extreme 4 °C study of the vulnerability ments implement the measures set out in the Climate better measure their circular economy and warming scenario to extreme climate Plan and draw up the associated budgets.
[23] The potential impacts Transition risks than 50 grams of CO2 per km.
[24] In the most optimistic of climate change are are managed within the scenario from a climate therefore gradually Climate Plan 38 A more sustainable strategy Green as a business 2021-2022 Integrated Report 41 The Climate Plan has been broken down into nine major actions.
[25] Their rollout across Renault Group Climate Plan the entire Group will be staggered through to 2030, marking an intermediate step towards carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040 and worldwide by 2050.
[26] Implement an internal carbon pricing mechanism for material selection and other procurement decisions.
[27] Today, we have turned this expertise into a business in its own right. • Heavy bodywork • Energy storage • Retrofit • Wallbox • Hydrogen Turning waste into resources Repair and reuse We use an average of 30% recycled materials in our We collect and completely refurbish mechanical com- vehicles produced in Europe and minimize the envi- ponents from the Group’s after-sales network.
[28] Once they are no longer fit for use in automotives, they are assessed and recon- will supply secondary raw materials to the Gaïa recy- • Campus reused materials ditioned for stationary energy storage or for other cling loops. mobile uses (special vehicles, boats).
[29] The the first European site specifically consortium formed with Solvay and Veolia organizes closed-loop recycling of strategic materials such as for the mobility circular economy.” cobalt, nickel and lithium from spent batteries to pro- Achieved 2021 Achieved 2022 / 2023 duce new batteries.
[30] What is the LAB’s role At the time, the two groups Stéphane Buffat in Renault Group’s road sought to collaborate on safety policy? non-competitive issues Director of the laboratory for accident research, biomechanics concerning accident and human behavior studies (LAB). 82% Renault Group applies the research and biomechanics.
[31] To respond to the diversity of situations, risks and new interministerial delegation uations.
[32] We also take initiatives Institute for Technological rigid vehicle structures, more flexible interior trim to train emergency services on what makes emergency Research. parts that may be in contact with the occupant in the operations different on an electric or hybrid vehicle.
[33] A car that detects to avoid glare risky behavior and promotes preventive driving. to warn the occupant and users Rescue Code All new Renault vehicles will offer a Safety Score. of hazards as soon as possible.” Rapid access to Modeled after the EcoScore, this tool analyzes driving rescue sheet for habits and provides driving advice adapted to each Active emergency emergency services individual.
[34] The Safety Coach system warns drivers living space of the risks along their journey based on surrounding data via visual, sound and touch interfaces.
[35] Lastly, Safe Guardian limits or reduces speed in case of risky events.
[36] Speed will also be limited to by adapting to new electrical risks to legal speed limits, traffic sign recognition, 180 km/h on Renault and Dacia models.
[37] To help reduce the risk New technology can make rescue operations more emergency lane keeping, of injury for front seat complex in the event of an accident.
[38] Our engineers blind spot vehicle occupants detection system have come up with safe responses to these new risks with two innovations.
[39] The aim is to amplify synergies to put us on the forefront of future mobility, enhance our competitive edge and bring more value to all our stakeholders.
[40] A shared aim to develop? strategy is also being adopted for charging stations Luc Julia: Launched with Atos, Dassault Systèmes, STMicroelectronics and Thales, Software E.F.: By pooling our complementary expertise compatible with all Alliance vehicles, through the sup- in artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, on-board port of Mobilize and the partnership with Ionity.
