[1] Our Risk Management Policy sets out Roche’s UN Sustainable Development Goals approach to identifying, analysing, managing We support the United Nations Sustainable and reporting internal and external risks and Development Goals (SDGs) within the sphere of our opportunities.
[2] A consolidated Group Risk Report, corporate business strategy.
[3] We contribute to a which covers all material risks and opportunities, is number of the SDGs, but our greatest contribution is discussed annually with the Corporate Executive to SDG 3, Good Health and Well-Being.
[4] This goal is Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors. closely connected with the achievement of universal health coverage, which goes hand in hand with The effectiveness of the Group Risk Management better access to quality essential medicines and Process is regularly monitored by the Group Risk diagnostics.
[5] We published our first Communication through our flexible ways of working. on Progress (CoP) in the first quarter of 2022 and will submit our second CoP in the first quarter Risk: Disconnection within the company and increased silo thinking of 2023. can reduce innovation and drive duplication.
[6] PwC provides limited assurance on selected key figures in the areas of: i) safety, security, health and Opportunity: A competitive advantage can be created for Roche environmental protection, ii) people and culture and through the strengthening of relationships with governments, patient iii) grants, donations, and sponsorships.
[7] The full list of business sustainability trends and their associated risks and opportunities can be found on our risk management website (link on the previous page). 32 Materiality and impact Our purpose is Doing now what patients need next.
[8] Environment How we identify and meet those needs – what we do The respect for a healthy planet and for the every day – must be sustainable if we are to succeed. environment has always been a priority of our It is why sustainability is built into our business founding families and the company.
[9] Our approach to materiality are the climate actions in line with the Science assessment is integrated – building on our Group Based Targets Initiative (SBTi).
[10] The Value Risk Management Process – and inclusive, being Balancing Alliance (VBA) is an initiative in designed collaboratively with colleagues across which an alliance of multinational corporations multiple functions.
[11] We gathered insights from a develop and pilot, alongside leading academic broad range of internal and external stakeholders to institutions, a standardised methodology to identify the most important and pressing issues that ensure greater sustainability and transparency.
[12] This is done through greater disclosure of We identified 19 material topics, clustered in eight environmental, social and economic impact.
[13] Additionally, dependencies on biodiversity by 2030. we are currently conducting an in-depth materiality assessment at Group level in order to update the list of material topics we identified in 2018/2019.
[14] Our company has been bringing contribution to society; and earning competitive novel diagnostics and treatments to patients returns for our investors. for 125 years.
[15] He spent his days After the new diagnostic was launched, Hiro’s dissecting samples, analysing data and eventually commitment only deepened. “Missing one patient publishing the findings that now serve as the who could be receiving life-saving therapy is one foundation for scientists involved in developing too many,” Hiro says.
[16] That valuable insight for Ventana Medical Systems, which was acquired is used to inform new therapy protocols and could by Roche in 2008.
[17] To help make that goal a reality survived so I could work harder than ever to give I will continue working on developing better and cancer patients their second chance.
[18] He also raises standard poodles, ultimate beneficiaries of his work. and shows them in competition.
[19] Over time, the thousands disease progression may be slowed or even stopped. of data points patients create throughout their Diagnostic testing can provide patients, families and journey will help identify changes in their health healthcare professionals with information that may and enable tracking of similar patient groups across lead to the best possible outcome.
[20] Moreover, we are carefully assessing the diversity of patient populations in all our diagnostics clinical As demonstrated by the COVID-19 pandemic, trials, demonstrating our commitment to developing diagnostics and information solutions can make a solutions that help to improve outcomes for patients major difference in a country’s ability to cope with around the world.
[21] Following an ultrasound, and my self-esteem suffered as a result.” mammogram and biopsy, in May 2021 Frankline was told that she had breast cancer.
[22] So For Frankline, this welcome news meant that she I want the very best for him,” says Frankline. did not have to worry about paying out of pocket “He wants to be a pilot when he grows up, and I and that she could continue with her treatment. hope to help him with his education.
[23] I know I will “This made it easier for me because I could now live and see that happen, and he can fly me all get my full treatment covered.” around the world.” 1 Cancer on the Global Stage: Incidence and Cancer-Related Mortality in Kenya.
[24] In fact, Ricky is hopeful involved in the day-to-day work, who overcame that it could serve as a future capability for constraints every step of the way.
[25] Review by other regulatory authorities help us to unlock access to previously underserved is ongoing.
[26] We travel, could have given me at that point,” says Susanne. we’re a close-knit family, and I didn’t really allow anything to change in my life.
[27] Dramatic and rapid technology disease could download to their smartphone or transformation has revolutionised the way we tablet and monitor their vision from the comfort provide care for patients,” he says. “Year after of their own home.
[28] In fact, the data generated In April 2020, during the early stages of the COVID-19 by Home Vision Monitor can help to inform and pandemic, Dr Balaskas and his colleagues knew enrich the discussions between the physician and they needed an urgent solution.
[29] Many patients with the patient. “This experience has greatly impacted retinal disease fall into the high-risk population the relationship I have with my patients in a positive for developing serious illness due to COVID-19 way.
[30] This organisations, healthcare providers, governments, data can yield valuable insights allowing for regulatory authorities, patient communities, early prevention, identifying patterns and trends academia and technology companies. in population health and managing disease in a more personalised way.
[31] UN SDGs Material topics · Long-term mindset · Availability of healthcare Dr Eric Ngyedu Chief Executive Officer, Cape Coast Teaching Hospital Cape Coast, Ghana At a newly opened cancer treatment centre in Ghana, Dr Ngyedu is focused on addressing the challenges cancer patients face during their journey.
