[1] We depend upon the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules.
[2] We believe that none of these claims or requests will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
[3] RISK FACTORS In the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance, cybersecurity, and financial risks.
[4] However, the risks set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties could adversely affect us and cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results.
[5] Industry and Economic Risks Adverse changes in macroeconomic or industry conditions may result in decreases in our sales and profitability.
[6] We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced, canceled or delayed orders, payment delays or defaults, supply chain disruptions, or other adverse events as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers, and suppliers.
[7] As economic activity slows, credit markets tighten, or sovereign debt concerns arise, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our hardware and software products, solutions, and services.
[8] As a global company operating in over 100 countries, we face risks related to foreign currency markets.
[9] Dollar (USD) may adversely impact our sales and profitability related to business we do outside the U.S.
[10] Economic, political, regulatory, and compliance risks, particularly in emerging markets, can restrict our ability to exchange, transact, or pay dividends with foreign currencies we hold.
[11] Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could result in gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are not fully offset by corresponding changes in the value of our foreign net investments.
[12] In addition, the use of hedge accounting is subject to complex accounting requirements, and the inability to qualify for or maintain hedge accounting treatment could result in increased volatility in our reported earnings.
[13] Any of these events could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 4 Table of Contents Our profitability and market competitiveness may be adversely impacted by changes in trade policies, including tariffs or other factors.
[14] Changes in trade policies, including the imposition of new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs between the United States, Mexico, Canada, China or other countries, or reactionary measures including retaliatory tariffs, legal challenges, or currency manipulation, could adversely affect our cost structure and profitability.
[15] Furthermore, changes to trade policies, retaliatory measures, or prolonged uncertainty in trade relationships could result in supply chain disruptions, delayed shipments, or increased operational complexity, adversely affecting our business and financial results.
[16] While we take steps to mitigate or avoid these increased costs and disruptions, our ability to do so may be limited by operational and supply chain constraints, especially in the short term.
[17] In addition, our ability to recover cost increases and maintain profitability levels through price adjustments may be limited by competitive pressures, customer acceptance, and contractual limitations.
[18] We face the potential harms of natural disasters, including those as a result of climate change, pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, international conflicts, or other disruptions to our operations, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.
[19] We face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects.
[20] If we fail to achieve our objectives we may lose business or experience price erosion and correspondingly lower sales and margins.
[21] We expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.
[22] Volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets may result in increased costs to maintain our capital structure.
[23] Our ability to access the credit markets and the costs of borrowing are affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions.
[24] If our access to credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may be reduced. 5 Table of Contents Business and Operational Risks We rely on suppliers to provide equipment, components, and services.
[25] Any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete.
[26] Unavailability of, or delivery delays for, single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related products in a timely manner.
[27] We rely heavily on technology in our commercial product offerings for use in our customers manufacturing environment, and in our enterprise infrastructure.
[28] In addition, we rely on partners and vendors, including cloud providers, for a wide range of products and outsourced activities as part of our internal IT infrastructure and our commercial product offerings.
[29] In addition, our Third-Party Risk Program manages risk posed by our suppliers that have access to our confidential information, systems, or network, but this risk cannot be eliminated and vulnerabilities at third parties could result in unknown risk exposure to our business and information.
[30] In addition, cybersecurity threats may pose a significant risk to our third-party partners and could have a material adverse impact on their businesses, operations, products, and services that we use in our day-to-day operations.
[31] Artificial Intelligence As we broaden the application of AI across product development, manufacturing, customer operations, and enterprise operations, we face evolving risks related to safety, data governance, regulatory compliance, intellectual property, and ethical use.
[32] An inability to successfully execute cost productivity and margin expansion initiatives could negatively impact our business and financial results.
[33] There is a risk that these initiatives will not result in the projected savings that we anticipate and could negatively impact our business and financial results. 7 Table of Contents Our business success depends on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified employees.
[34] Maintaining a positive and inclusive culture and work environment, offering attractive compensation, benefits, and development opportunities, and effectively implementing processes and technology that enable our employees to work effectively and efficiently are important to our ability to attract and retain employees.
[35] An inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our products.
[36] Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer hardware and software products and services that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve.
[37] If we are unable to manage and mitigate these risks, we could incur cost overruns, liabilities, and other losses that would adversely affect our results of operations.
[38] We rely on our distribution channel for a substantial portion of our sales.
[39] We depend on the capabilities and competencies of our distributors to sell our hardware and software products, solutions, and services and deliver value to our customers.
[40] Disruptions to our existing distribution channel or the failure of distributors to maintain and develop the appropriate capabilities to sell our hardware and software products, solutions, and services could adversely affect our sales.
