[1] Risks and uncertainties that apply to both Ross and dd s DISCOUNTS include, without limitation, the following: MACROECONOMIC AND RETAIL INDUSTRY BUSINESS RISKS We are subject to impacts from changes in the macroeconomic environment, government regulation or policy, geopolitical conditions, and financial and credit markets.
[2] Continuing inflation, tariff increases (or threats of increases), potential supply chain disruptions, and other external events may have significant negative effects on our costs, and also on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability.
[3] These risks could adversely affect our revenues and expenses, increase our effective tax rates, and reduce our profitability and market share.
[4] Intense pressures from our competitors, our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, or a failure to effectively execute our off-price model, could reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease our inventory turnover, cause us to take greater markdowns, and negatively affect our sales and margins.
[5] Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending or preferences could adversely affect us.
[6] Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and sell merchandise that meets customer demand.
[7] Unseasonable weather and prolonged, extreme temperatures, as well as events such as storms, affect consumers buying patterns and willingness to shop, and may adversely affect the demand for merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise.
[8] Among other things, weather conditions may also affect our ability to deliver our products to our stores or require us to close certain stores temporarily, thereby reducing store traffic.
[9] As a result, adverse or unseasonable weather in any of our markets could lead to lower-than-expected sales and cause us to increase our markdowns, which may negatively affect our sales and margins.
[10] We may experience unexpected decreases in sales from time to time, which could result in increased markdowns and reduced margins.
[11] If sales in a certain period are lower than our plans, we may not be able to adjust operating expenses concurrently, which could adversely affect our operating results.
[12] STRATEGIC RISKS We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to source and purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices.
[13] Maintaining an overall pricing differential to our competitors is also key to our ability to attract customers and sustain our sales and gross margins.
[14] Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that will represent a value to our customers.
[15] Cost increases, shortages, delays, or disruptions in the availability to us of high quality, value-priced merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our sales and margins.
[16] There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand our current business and to enter new markets.
[17] Like other retailers, we face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, distribution centers, and other key areas.
[18] Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, potential labor organizing activities, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing minimum wage or healthcare benefits.
[19] Any increase in labor costs may adversely impact our profitability or, if we fail to pay competitive wages, may result in increased turnover.
[20] Excessive turnover may result in higher costs associated with finding, hiring, and training new associates.
[21] The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to effectively identify and successfully transition suitable successors for key roles could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[22] There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our growth, operations, or financial position.
[23] For the purpose of identifying locations, we rely on consumer demographics.
[24] We may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those new stores profitably.
[25] Additionally, when our existing stores near the end of their lease term, we may not be able to successfully renegotiate the future lease terms, which could negatively impact our operating results.
[26] New stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, and adding stores to existing markets may adversely affect the sales and profitability of other existing stores.
[27] If we cannot acquire sites on attractive terms, it could limit our ability to grow or adversely affect the economics of our new stores in various markets.
[28] Our ability to effectively advertise and market our business could impact customer traffic and demand for our merchandise.
[29] Our advertising and other promotional programs may not be effective or may be perceived negatively, or could require increased expenditures, any of which could adversely affect sales or increase costs. 12 OPERATIONAL RISKS In order to achieve our planned gross margins, we must effectively manage our inventories, markdowns, and inventory shortage.
[30] Like other large retailers, we rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions.
[31] A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs.
[32] Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business.
[33] We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions.
[34] Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
[35] Any such disruptions could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.
[36] We are subject to risks associated with importing and selling merchandise produced in other countries.
[37] Damage to our corporate reputation or brands could adversely affect our sales and operating results.
[38] Any incident that erodes the trust or confidence of our customers or the general public could adversely affect our reputation and business, particularly if the incident results in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry.
[39] Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, which could negatively affect our sales, diminish customer trust, reduce employee morale and productivity, and lead to difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified associates.
[40] We depend upon our operations to generate strong cash flows to support our general operating activities, and to finance our operations, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, manage our debt levels, and return value to our stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends.
