[1] RISK FACTORS While we utilize robust processes and resources to identify and manage risks, we are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business, some of which are comparable to the risks any business is exposed to and some that are unique to our operations.
[2] The following summarizes the known material risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[3] These risks are not the only risks we face.
[4] If any of the events described below as risks actually occur, it could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations or impair our ability to implement our business plans or complete development activities as expected.
[5] Economic risks related to our business Volatility of natural gas, NGLs and oil prices affects our cash flow and capital resources and could significantly hamper our ability to operate economically.
[6] Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are volatile, and a decline in prices could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.
[7] Competition for markets has been vigorous and there remains uncertainty about prices purchasers will pay or the availability of sufficient storage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial position.
[8] We rely on third-party contractors to provide key services and equipment for our operations.
[9] Our ability to acquire additional drilling locations and to find and develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing products and securing equipment and trained personnel.
[10] The unanticipated loss of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[11] Further, the loss of key technical professionals with extensive experience in our core operating area could be difficult to replace if they were to leave and the loss of such employees could adversely affect the costs of drilling, completing and operating our wells.
[12] We may not be able to successfully compete in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining trained personnel and raising additional capital, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 17 Our debt obligations may limit our liquidity and financial flexibility .
[13] Declines in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices adversely impact the value of our estimated proved reserves and, in turn, the market values used by our lenders to determine our borrowing base and could result in a determination to lower our borrowing base, reducing our financial flexibility.
[14] Disruptions or volatility in the global finance markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our operations.
[15] A significant reduction in cash flows from operations or the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our planned operations, our ability to manage our debt maturities and our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions.
[16] Any failure to meet our debt obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations .
[17] Our ability to restructure our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time.
[18] A ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future, increase the cost of future debt and could require us to post letters of credit or other forms of collateral for certain obligations.
[19] As a result of cross-default provisions in our borrowing arrangements, we may be unable to satisfy all of our outstanding obligations in the event of a default on our part.
[20] Accordingly, should an event of default above certain thresholds occur under any of those agreements, we face the prospect of being in default under all of our debt agreements, obligated in such instance to satisfy all of our outstanding indebtedness but in all probability unable to satisfy all of our outstanding obligations simultaneously.
[21] In such an event, we 18 might not be able to obtain alternative financing or, if we are able to obtain such financing, we might not be able to obtain it on terms acceptable to us, which would negatively affect our ability to continue our business plan, make capital expenditures and finance our operations.
[22] Lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices over a longer term will also negatively impact our ability to enter into derivative contracts at prices that exceed our costs of production.
[23] Even if we do accurately predict such changes, our ability to mitigate the risk may be limited depending upon market conditions.
[24] If any of these factors were to occur, we could lose all or a part of our investment or we could fail to realize the expected benefits, either of which could materially and adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
[25] Risks that we face while completing horizontal wells include, but are not limited to, the following: the ability to fracture and stimulate the planned number of stages; the ability to run tools the entire length of the wellbore during completion operations; and the ability to successfully clean out the wellbore after completion of the final fracture stimulation stage.
[26] Our identified drilling locations are scheduled out over multiple years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their drilling .
[27] Because of these uncertain factors, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified.
[28] In addition, we will require significant capital over a prolonged period in order to pursue the development of these locations, and we may not be able to raise or generate the capital required to do so.
[29] Any drilling activities we are able to conduct on these locations may not be successful or result in our ability to add proved reserves to our overall proved reserves or may result in a downward revision of our estimated proved reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and financial condition.
[30] Our business is subject to operating hazards that could result in substantial losses or liabilities that may not be fully covered under our insurance policies .
[31] If we incur liability from a significant event and the damages are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits, then we would have lower revenues and funds available to us for our operations, that could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[32] Additionally, we rely to a large extent on facilities owned and operated by third parties, in particular gas transportation and processing facilities, and damage to, or destruction of, those third-party facilities could affect our ability to process, transport and sell our production.
[33] Moreover, new initiatives or regulations could propose new setback distances or further restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of substances generated by our operations, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes associated with our operations.
[34] Our inability to locate sufficient amounts of water or dispose of or recycle water used in our operations may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
[35] Limitation or restrictions on our ability to secure sufficient amounts of water (including limitations from natural causes such as drought) and transport it could impact our operations.
[36] If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may need to obtain it from new sources and transport the water to drilling sites, resulting in increased costs.
[37] Unless we replace our reserves, our reserves and production will decline, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[38] We may not be able to replace reserves through our exploration, development and extraction activities or by acquiring properties at acceptable costs which would result in a reduction in proved reserves and production over time.
[39] If we are unable to 21 replace our current and future production, our revenues will decrease and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
[40] Our business depends on natural gas and oil transportation and NGLs processing facilities, which are owned by others and depends on our ability to contract with those parties .
