[1] Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected due to any of the following risks.
[2] The risks described below are not the only ones we face.
[3] Future changes in global general economic conditions or in production, consumption or export of metals, including as a result of economic slowdown or trade policies, could cause fluctuations in metal prices globally, which could adversely affect our profitability and cash flows.
[4] During periods of rising metal costs, our results may be negatively impacted by increases in the costs of the metals we purchase if we are unable to make equivalent increases in the selling prices of the products we sell.
[5] If the Section 232 measures are removed or substantially lessened, whether through legal challenge, legislation, executive action or otherwise, then imports of foreign metals would likely increase and metal prices in the U.S. would likely fall, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, financial results and cash flows.
[6] We operate in an industry that is subject to cyclical fluctuations and any downturn in general economic conditions or in our customers specific industries could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows.
[7] We compete with a large number of companies in the metals service center industry, and, if we are unable to compete effectively, our profitability and cash flows may decline.
[8] If we were to lose any of our primary suppliers or otherwise be unable to obtain sufficient amounts of necessary metals on a timely basis, we may not be able to meet our customers needs and may suffer reduced sales.
[9] Our ability to meet our customers needs and provide value-added inventory management services depends on our ability to maintain an uninterrupted supply of high-quality metal products from our suppliers.
[10] If, in the future, we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of the necessary metals at competitive prices and on a timely basis from our customary suppliers, we may not be able to obtain these metals from acceptable alternative sources at competitive prices to meet our delivery schedules.
[11] Even if we do find acceptable alternative suppliers, the process of locating and securing these alternatives may be disruptive to our business, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to meet our customers needs and reduce our profitability and cash flows.
[12] Using foreign sources of supply could result in longer lead times, increased price volatility, less favorable payment terms, increased exposure to foreign currency movements and certain tariffs and duties and require greater levels of working capital.
[13] This consolidation has reduced the number of suppliers available to us, which may limit our ability to obtain the necessary metals to service our customers.
[14] We rely upon our suppliers as to the specifications of the metals we purchase from them.
[15] We rely on mill certifications that attest to the physical and chemical specifications of the metal received from our suppliers for resale and generally, consistent with industry practice, we do not undertake independent testing of such metals unless independent tests are required by customers.
[16] We rely on customers to notify us of any metal that does not conform to the specifications certified by the supplying mill.
[17] While we believe our operations do not emit significant amounts of carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases, legal or regulatory changes related to climate change may result in higher prices for metals, higher prices for utilities required to run our facilities, higher fuel costs for us and our suppliers, increased compliance costs and other adverse impacts.
[18] To the extent that new legislation or regulations increase our costs, we may not be able to fully pass these costs on to our customers without a resulting decline in sales and adverse impact to our profits.
[19] Any perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change could result in negative publicity and adversely affect our business and reputation.
[20] Legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in taxes, restrictions on or increases in the costs of supplies, transportation and utilities, any of which could increase our operating costs, and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment.
[21] We face increased competition and pricing pressures from alternative materials and risks concerning innovation, new technologies, products and increasing customer requirements.
[22] Prices of all of these materials fluctuate widely, and differences between the prices of these materials and the price of metal products may adversely affect demand for our products and/or encourage material substitution, which could adversely affect the prices of and demand for metal products.
[23] Our insurance coverage, vendor indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks, or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position.
[24] Even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it at a price or on terms acceptable to us.
[25] If these measures are not successful or sustainable, we might undertake additional realignment and cost reduction efforts, which could result in future charges.
[26] Moreover, our ability to achieve our other strategic goals and business plans might be adversely affected, and we could experience business disruptions if our restructuring and realignment efforts and our cost reduction activities prove ineffective.
[27] Such acquisition financing could result in a decrease in our earnings and adversely affect other leverage measures.
[28] In addition, limitations on our access to external financing sources, whether due to tightened capital markets, available capital with unfavorable interest rates or otherwise, could impair our ability to execute our growth strategy.
[29] These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or the completion of a number of acquisitions in any short period of time.
[30] If we do not successfully implement our growth strategy, our ability to grow our business could be impaired.
[31] We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or successfully complete any acquisitions or integrate any other businesses into our operations.
[32] If we cannot identify suitable acquisition candidates or are otherwise unable to complete acquisitions, we may not be able to continue to grow our business as expected and, if we cannot successfully integrate recently acquired businesses, we may incur increased or redundant expenses or management s attention may be distracted from other strategic priorities.
[33] Moreover, any additional indebtedness we incur to pay for these acquisitions could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
[34] We may not be able to identify sufficient opportunities for internal growth to be able to sustain growth at similar levels.
[35] Depending on the nature of the problem or initiative in question, such failure could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
[36] We are subject to various environmental, employee safety and health, and customs and export laws and regulations, which could subject us to significant liabilities and compliance expenditures.
[37] We are subject to foreign, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning air emissions, wastewater discharges, underground storage tanks and solid and hazardous waste disposal at or from our facilities.
[38] Proceedings and investigations with respect to environmental matters, any employee safety and health issues or customs and export issues could result in substantial costs to us, divert our management s attention and result in significant liabilities, fines or the suspension or interruption of our operating activities.
[39] Future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations or their enforcement, new laws and regulations or the discovery of conditions not currently known to us, could result in material environmental or export compliance or remedial liabilities and costs, constrain our operations or make such operations more costly.
[40] International political and military conflict, such as the war in Ukraine, increasing tensions between Taiwan and China, or evolving conflicts in the Middle East could materially adversely affect the global economy.
