[1] INDUSTRY RISKS Changes in U.S. government defense spending could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and overall business.
[2] Changes in U.S. government defense spending for various reasons, including as a result of potential changes in policy or budgetary positions or priorities, could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
[3] Significant changes in U.S. government defense spending or changes in U.S. government priorities, policies, and requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
[4] We face risks relating to our U.S. government contracts and programs, including the mix of our U.S. government contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs.
[5] A termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability and have a negative impact on our ability to obtain future contracts and orders.
[6] We may not be able to offset lost revenues resulting from contract termination.
[7] Appropriation bills may be delayed, which may result in delays to funding, the collection of receivables, and our contract performance due to lack of authorized funds to procure related products and services.
[8] Our profitability could be negatively affected based on the mix of our U.S. government contracts and programs and the costs incurred of performing the work, especially if we are unable to control costs or if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, particularly under fixed-price development contracts.
[9] We carry the entire burden of cost overruns exceeding the ceiling price amount under FPI contracts, which may result in a cumulative adjustment in the period our estimates change.
[10] We may also experience cost underruns which would reduce contract value and related expected revenues, and we may be unable to expand the contract scope or secure additional work to offset the resulting lost revenues.
[11] Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to bid for OTA work and/or perform on our OTA agreements, including any applicable non-traditional requirements.
[12] Uncertainties in final contract price, specifications and terms, or loss of negotiating leverage associated with particularly long delays in contract definitization may negatively affect our profitability.
[13] We are also involved in programs that are classified by the U.S. government, which have security requirements that place limits on our ability to discuss our performance on these programs, including any risks, disputes, and claims.
[14] Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (including their impact on supplier prices) may negatively affect demand for our products and our operating profit and margins.
[15] In addition, our ability to satisfy customer demands relating to the transfer of technologies and capabilities under ICIP arrangements and other international contracts may be limited by U.S. government export controls.
[16] As a result of the above factors, we could experience financial penalties and award and funding delays on international programs, our profitability on these programs could be negatively affected, and we could incur losses on these programs that could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
[17] Geopolitical factors and changes in policies and regulations could adversely affect our business.
[18] Events such as increased trade restrictions, retaliatory trade policies, or regime change can affect demand for our products and services, the competitive position of our products, our supply chain, and our ability to manufacture or sell products in certain countries.
[19] While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
[20] In addition, given the role of our defense businesses in the support of the national security interests of the U.S. and its allies, we are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to policies of the U.S. and its allies, as well as other countries, including those that are or become regarded as potential adversaries or threats.
[21] Moreover, the Chinese government has generally expanded its ability to restrict China-related import, export and investment activities, which may have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct business or sell our commercial aerospace products in China.
[22] Other factors, including future terrorist actions, aviation safety concerns, public health issues, or major natural disasters, could also dramatically reduce the demand for commercial air travel, which could negatively impact the sales and margins of our aerospace businesses.
[23] A reduction in spending in the commercial aviation industry could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
[24] For example we are investing in artificial intelligence, among other advanced technologies, and our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate the technology into our internal business processes and products and services in a timely, cost-effective, compliant, and responsible manner.
[25] Delays and/or suspension of production could result in increased development costs or deflect resources from other projects.
[26] Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
[27] If we fail to accurately estimate these costs, the profitability of our contracts may be adversely affected.
[28] In addition, we may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts if these targets are not achieved when required.
[29] Generally, a bid protest will delay the start of contract activities, delay earnings, and could result in the award decision being overturned and require a re-bid of the contract.
[30] If our competitors can offer lower cost services or products, or provide services or products more quickly, at equivalent or in some cases even reduced capabilities, we may lose business opportunities, which could adversely affect our future results.
[31] If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors in our core businesses, we may experience declines in revenues and industry segment share which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
[32] The threats we face are continuous and evolving, and vary in degree of severity and sophistication.
[33] Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
[34] Our performance requires a variety of raw materials, supplier-provided parts, components, sub-systems, and contract manufacturing services, and we rely on U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers (including third-party manufacturing suppliers, subcontractors, and service providers) and commodity markets for these materials and services.
[35] In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing, services support, or assembly, or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers.
[36] Emerging laws and increasing regulatory 18 Table of Contents requirements aimed at global supply chains may impact our ability to access certain materials and components, and otherwise adversely affect our business, and we may not only be held responsible for our compliance, but for that of our suppliers.
[37] Identifying and qualifying second- or third- source suppliers can be difficult, time-consuming, and may result in increased costs.
[38] Global supply chain disruptions have impacted our ability to procure raw materials, including certain rare earth elements, microelectronics, and certain commodities.
[39] As a result of these procurement issues, the production flow in our factories has been negatively impacted, which has, in turn, hindered our ability to perform on our commitments to customers and negatively affected our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
[40] In addition, we are largely dependent upon foreign sources for certain raw materials, such as cobalt, tantalum, chromium, rhenium, nickel, and titanium, and we rely on foreign suppliers as single-source suppliers of some components.
