[1] Compliance with regulatory requirements The Group takes into account changes in the global geopolitical environment, which may result in export restrictions to countries, legal entities or individuals.
[2] In 2023, the assessment process for highrisk third parties was digitalized; Regular and appropriate information is distributed to all members of the Group Executive Committee, the executive management teams of the Group companies and all employees directly or indirectly involved in preventing corruption risk.
[3] ENGAGE FOR THE FUTURE ◼ 2025 objective #9: 100% of senior executives and exposed or affected employees(4) trained in anticorruption. ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 6 – Control and monitoring of procedures ◼ Anticorruption pillar no. 7 – Internal alert system (see section 5.5.1.2) Safran has a control framework for its corruption risk prevention and detection program.
[4] Safran accordingly complies with all applicable export control regulations for military equipment, dual-use products and civilian equipment, and related technologies and services.
[5] It allows for an exchange of information on the progress made, difficulties encountered and risks identified, the implementation of joint improvement actions and the sharing of information on the latest regulatory developments.
[6] Internal compliance program To take into account the risks associated with export control activities (see section 4.3.2.1), Safran has established a system aimed at ensuring strict compliance with all export control regulations and laws in all Group companies worldwide.
[7] The system has been specifically adapted for Safran subsidiaries in the United States to comply with US regulatory requirements, such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and all restrictive measures imposed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).
[8] Safran provides all of its employees with a tool to assess the compliance of operations and financial transactions involving countries, legal entities and individuals subject to sanctions or embargoes, and to obtain a better understanding of regulations.
[9] To improve understanding of national and international regulations, and proper application of them, Safran participates in a variety of working groups with public authorities and trade associations, such as the French Aerospace Industries Association (GIFAS), the Aerospace, Security and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD), the French employers’ federation (Medef) and Business Europe.
[10] Safran chairs the GIFAS working group on French export control regulations and co-chairs the working group on foreign regulations.
[11] Lastly, Safran co-chairs the working group on international regulations with the French Directorate General of Weapons Procurement (DGA). 5.5.1.5 Tax compliance In accordance with its Ethics Guidelines, Safran is committed to adopting the highest standards of tax compliance, namely the fight against fraud and tax evasion.
[12] Tax processes are reviewed annually through the global risk management process (see section 4.1).
[13] This network circulates procedures (rights of individuals, management and notification of personal data breaches, register of processing activities transferred outside the European Union), raises awareness among internal players and coordinates the compliance of activities and processes involving the processing of personal data.
[14] It comprises three entities: the Group Purchasing Performance Department, the Non-Production Purchasing Department, and the purchasing departments of tier-one entities in charge of bill of materials (BOM) procurement.
[15] Safran’s responsible purchasing policy is geared towards the Group’s objectives of operational excellence and competitiveness, and strengthens responsible practices and innovation capacity throughout the production chain.
[16] The aim of the responsible purchasing policy is to award business to suppliers that meet Safran’s demanding ethical, social and environmental requirements, along with the challenges on health and safety, competitiveness, and the rules applicable to aerospace and defense markets.
[17] To address the challenge of climate change, since 2022, Safran has decided to extend its decarbonization approach to its 400 main suppliers, those that contribute the most to its carbon footprint, in order to encourage them to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
[18] Strengthening its suppliers’ financial structures is a means for the Group to secure its supply chain while promoting the emergence of more robust and competitive intermediate-sized companies that can expand in the global marketplace when the crisis ends.
[19] Suppliers crisis support unit To deal with the economic crisis and its repercussions on the aerospace industry, (namely rising raw materials, energy and labor costs), as well as capacity constraints in the supply chain, Safran has set up a support unit to help its strategic suppliers.
[20] The Group is accordingly reinforcing its responsible purchasing approach in the French supply chain and reaffirming its use of mediation.
[21] The Group is committed to supporting the development of its suppliers by helping them make progress on key challenges such as innovation, digitalization and cybersecurity.
[22] It highlighted the remarkable level of monitoring and support for the most critical companies in the field of cybersecurity.
[23] Safran sat on the steering committee for the GIFAS “Industrial Performances 1 and 2” and “Industry of the Future” programs, which aimed to improve performance and competitiveness in the aerospace industry.
[24] The Aero Excellence framework brings together the best practices and standards in industrial performance to help players in the sector face future challenges and boost their competitiveness. 5 It covers three themes – operational excellence, environment, and cyber security – across all operational activities from industrialization to repair activities.
[25] Fostering innovation Innovation throughout the supply chain is a source of added value for Safran and contributes to customer satisfaction.
[26] Safran complies with applicable laws and regulations, including the European T3G regulation, in force since January 1, 2021 (also known as the Conflict Minerals Regulation), and US regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, to ensure that the minerals it uses do not come from conflict zones.
[27] Safran requires its suppliers to commit to its responsible purchasing guidelines, which demand compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding the sourcing of 5.5.3 minerals.
[28] In addition, Safran identifies any suppliers that may use such minerals, and vets their commitments and internal policies by means of a three-yearly campaign using the Responsible Minerals Initiative’s Conflict Mineral Reporting Template (CMRT).
[29] Respect the environment and natural resources The transition to sustainable aviation is a priority for Safran.
[30] In addition, the Materials and Processes Unit of the Strategy, Technology and Innovation Department will use its pivotal position in eco-design decision-making to ensure that eco–design requirements are taken into account in all decisions regarding the development of new materials and processes.
[31] The challenge is twofold: reduce the risks associated with the use of chemical products throughout the life cycle of Safran products, and anticipate the risks of regulatory obsolescence, notably those associated with the REACH regulation, so as to guarantee the sustainability of the business.
[32] The committee brings together the Industrial, Purchasing and Performance, Programs, Technical, Materials and Processes, Product Environment and Health, Safety and Environment departments.
[33] Safran has rolled out a responsible management approach for chemical substances, based on three principles: anticipate regulatory requirements, substitute and control.
[34] The Group accordingly conducts strategic monitoring of substances so as to identify those that pose the greatest risk as early as 334 SAFRAN 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT possible and to draw up an appropriate strategy.
[35] Residual risks that could not be eliminated through anticipation and substitution work are managed in accordance with the provisions of the Group’s Health, Safety and Environment guidelines.
[36] This organization has enabled the identification of regulatory and commercial risks related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS).
[37] Risks stem from the gradual withdrawal of certain PFAS suppliers from this market.
[38] Another risk factor is Europe’s plans to introduce broad restrictions on their use.
[39] Safran has implemented an action plan to limit these risks and seek alternative solutions.
[40] Safran is mobilizing significant resources to enable these alternatives to be rolled out on an industrial scale. 5 At the same time, Safran is actively involved in the work at the European level as part of the Chemicals Strategy for Sustainability, through French and European bodies representing the aerospace industry.
