[1] The AGM from the issue of the schemes, and performance criteria held on 17 May 2023 resolved to approve the demerger related to the insurance margin and/or return on capital Sampo plc publishes the 2023 Remuneration Report plan and the demerger was successfully completed on 1 at risk (RoCaR) applicable for each instalment.
[2] Persons subject to the deferral rule shall at in full on the website of the Securities Market regulatory approval for the acquisition of Oona Health payout from the schemes acquire Sampo A shares with Association at www.cgfinland.fi/en.
[3] A/S from the Danish Competition and Consumer a certain part of the instalment after deducting income Authority, and the acquisition was completed on 1 tax and other comparable charges.
[4] The report, Sampo Group Sustainability Report 2023, will be separate from During 2023, Sampo committed to the Science Based Sampo maintained its focus on responsible investment the Board of Directors’ Report and published Targets initiative (SBTi) and started to develop science- practices during 2023.
[5] Investment policies were around the turn of March and April 2024 at based climate targets for its own operations and strengthened by adding further instructions on how to www.sampo.com/year2023.
[6] The targets will be submitted to the SBTi take environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Group’s sustainability reporting into the Board of for validation no later than October 2025.
[7] Climate- Directors’ report according to the requirements of the the individual Group companies continued to work on related considerations were highlighted, as Sampo is Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) in their company-specific targets according to schedule. committed to setting science-based climate targets for 2025 covering the reporting year 2024.
[8] Sampo has a sustainability programme, which drives the sustainability work on a group level.
[9] The programme Corporate culture Products and services consists of strategic sustainability themes and under In 2023, Sampo advanced sustainable corporate culture, In 2023, Sampo continued to develop the sustainability each of the themes the most material sustainability for example, by updating related policies, conducting of its supply chains.
[10] Sampo’s sustainability employee surveys, launching new employee initiatives, science-based climate target for its supply chain stating themes are Sustainable business management and and developing training.
[11] Also, Topdanmark products and services, and Sustainable communities. continued to work on setting science-based climate During 2023, Sampo continued to work on sustainability Sampo considers it important that there is an inclusive targets for its supply chain, while at the same time in line with the themes. corporate culture.
[12] Therefore, in 2023, a specific focus focusing on the company’s existing supply chain-related area was diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI).
[13] In addition, development developing a Supplier Code of Conduct during 2024. practices could be seen related to inclusive recruitment practices, In 2023, Sampo started to prepare for the awareness raising, and overall DEI work, among others.
[14] During 2023, implementation of the CSRD and the related European Sampo analysed to what extent its underwriting and Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS).
[15] Sampo investment activities are Taxonomy-eligible and conducted, for example, a double materiality Taxonomy-aligned according to the latest guidance assessment, a human rights impact assessment, and a from the EU. gap analysis against the ESRS.
[16] To be eligible, a non-life insurance activity must provide The EU Taxonomy is a classification system that Therefore, Sampo Group reports the EU Taxonomy coverage against climate-related perils (e.g. flooding, translates the EU’s climate and environmental alignment of its insurance activities and investment landslides, and heat stress).
[17] If an insurance policy did not line with Agenda 2030 and the Paris Climate Insurance companies are required to report key explicitly exempt climate-related events from coverage, Agreement.
[18] The aim is to provide a common language performance indicators (KPIs) on sustainable Sampo Group concluded that the insurance product to help investors and companies navigate the transition underwriting activities and sustainable investments.
[19] In addition, the enabling economic activities that can make a calculate Taxonomy eligibility to be in line with the economic activity cannot significantly harm any of substantial contribution to the environmental objective European Commission Notice (draft) on the these objectives and must meet the minimum of climate change adaptation.
[20] Taxonomy Regulation, published on 21 December 2023. criteria) for activities, which have a substantial positive Sampo Group has aimed at following the guidance environmental impact.
[21] For the income protection insurance, (c) workers’ that only pertain to the coverage of climate-related financial years 2021 and 2022, insurance companies compensation insurance, (d) motor vehicle liability perils is reported as eligible.
[22] Due to the late publication were required to report on Taxonomy eligibility (i.e. insurance, (e) other motor insurance, (f) marine, of the guidance, Sampo Group was not able to gather reporting on whether the economic activity is included aviation, and transport insurance, (g) fire and other data of its whole insurance portfolio based on the new in the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act).
[23] For an economic activity to be considered as sustainability risks, and expects its suppliers to sign If’s Taxonomy-aligned, a company carrying the activity Supplier Code of Conduct.
[24] Sampo Group processes while monitoring the market expectations – Leadership in modelling and pricing of climate risks Code of Conduct) and taken actions to be compliant and customer needs in this area.
[25] As expected, where the investment risk is borne by the policy identified.
[26] For more information on the implementation, please see accounting principles section IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 transition impacts.
[27] Divestments in subsidiary shares 20 519 The presentation of line items in the comparison year have changed due to the transition to IFRS 17.
[28] The cost of an acquisition is accounting principles accounting and company legislation and applicable allocated to the identifiable assets, liabilities and Sampo plc (business ID 0142213-3) is a Finnish public regulatory requirements. contingent liabilities, which are measured at the fair company listed in Helsinki Nasdaq.
[29] The group subsidiaries have insurance The consolidated financial statements are presented in specific choice affects both the amount of recognised and financing activities in Finland, Sweden, Norway, euro (EUR), rounded to the nearest million, unless goodwill and non-controlling interest.
[30] In the identifiable net assets acquired, is recognised as accordance with Limited Liability Companies Act, the goodwill.
[31] The share of standards on the Group’s financial statements reporting variable returns from its involvement there and the profits is attributed to non-controlling interests even if it is described in the section IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 transition. ability to use its power to affect the amount of these should be negative. returns.
[32] At the end of the financial Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from an reporting period, Sampo’s non-controlling interests acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as if they were Inter-segment transactions, assets and liabilities are were determined as the proportionate share of net assets and liabilities of the foreign entity.
[33] In addition, the management must balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies be committed to a plan to sell, and the sale should be are translated into the functional currency at the rate expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale prevailing at the balance sheet date.
[34] The The Group’s segmentation is based on business areas classification, presentation, and measurement Exchange differences arising from the translation of whose risks and performance bases as well as requirements of non-current assets or disposal groups transactions and monetary balance sheet items regulatory environment differ from each other.
[35] The held for sale also apply to those that are held for denominated in foreign currencies into functional control and management of business and management distribution to owners acting in their capacity as currency are recognised as translation gains and losses reporting are organised in accordance with the business owners. in profit or loss.
[36] Immediately before the initial first quarter of 2023. classification of the asset as held for sale, the carrying The income statements of Group entities whose amount of the asset shall be measured in accordance functional currency is other than euro are translated Geographical information has been given on income with applicable IFRSs.
[37] The the lower, an entity recognises an impairment loss at balance sheets at the rates prevailing at the balance reported areas are Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, initial reclassification.
[38] Any commissions received reduce initially recognised. transfer of risk (insurance contract services) on an the reinsurance premium expenses.
[39] The insurance revenue recognised in the Revenue from contracts with reporting period is based on premium receipts and direct insurance expenses, including also changes in the risk of non-performance. customers expected premium receipts allocated linearly over the underlying terms of the insurance contracts, i.e. based Other income consists of income from insurance-related on the passage of time.
