[1] Risks relating to legal and regulatory matters Product liability claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition Product liability is a significant risk for any pharmaceutical company, given that liability claims relating to our industry are unforeseeable by nature.
[2] Furthermore, we commercialize several devices (some of which use new technologies) which, if they malfunction, could cause unexpected damage and lead to product liability claims (see “Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm” below).
[3] Moreover, insolvency of an insurer could affect our ability to recover claims on policies for which we have already paid a premium.
[4] Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of our defense, are costly, divert management’s attention, may harm our reputation, and can impact the demand for our products and generate speculative news flows and/or rumors relating to such claims.
[5] Substantial product liability claims could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, and/or may have an impact on market perception of our company and negatively affect our stock price.
[6] Notwithstanding these efforts, failure to comply with laws and regulations (including as a result of a business partner’s breach) may occur and could result in liabilities for us and/or our management.
[7] With respect to tax issues, the complexity of the fiscal environment is such that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result in payments that are greater or less than the amounts we have accrued.
[8] If we fail to train these people, or fail to train them appropriately, or if they do not comply with contractual requirements, we may be exposed to the risk that safety events are not reported or not reported in a timely manner in breach of our reporting obligations.
[9] We may not be able to fully mitigate these delays, which could negatively impact the timing of our pipeline development programs and may have a negative impact on our product development and launches and hence on future product sales, business and results of operations.
[10] For information about risks related to changes: • in proprietary rights rules and regulations, see “– We rely on our patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of our products.
[11] If such patents and other rights were limited, invalidated or circumvented, our financial results could be adversely affected” below; and • in environmental rules and regulations, see “– Management of the historical contamination related to our past industrial activities could adversely impact our results of operations and reputation” below.
[12] In addition, changes in tax laws or regulations or their interpretation or exposures to additional tax liabilities around the world could negatively impact our operating results.
[13] However, due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may result in payments materially different from the amounts accrued.
[14] We rely on our patents and other proprietary rights to provide exclusive rights to market certain of our products.
[15] Such regulatory proposals could make patent prosecution for new products more difficult and time consuming or could adversely affect the exclusivity period for our products.
[16] In addition, if we lose patent protection as a result of an adverse court decision or a settlement, we face the risk that government and private third-party payers and purchasers of pharmaceutical products may claim damages alleging they have over- reimbursed or overpaid for a drug.
[17] Any payments under these licenses may reduce our profits from such products and we may not be able to obtain these licenses on favorable terms or at all.
[18] Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming to resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages.
[19] Further, our ability to successfully challenge third-party patent rights is dependent on the legal interpretation and case law of national courts.
[20] As our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competitors increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights.
[21] Key Information Failure to comply with data ethics and privacy regulations could adversely affect our business and reputation We operate in an environment that relies on the collection, processing, analysis and interpretation of large sets of patients’ and other individuals’ personal data, and the operation of our business requires data to flow freely across borders of numerous countries.
[22] Such uncertainty could result in an operational risk limiting or preventing the transfer of data across borders, which may have an impact on our activities (e.g., on clinical trials).
[23] Breach of the regulations described above could also carry financial sanctions and may harm our reputation and those of our activities that rely on personal data processing.
[24] Key Information Furthermore, we face increasing pricing pressure and gross-to-net (GTN) erosion from continuing vertical integration and consolidation of the US health insurance market.
[25] Failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline.
[26] More and more trials are designed with clinical endpoints of superiority; failure to achieve those endpoints could damage the product’s outlook and our overall development program.
[27] Clinical trials and post-marketing surveillance of certain marketed drugs have the potential to raise concerns among some prescribers and patients relating to the safety or efficacy of pharmaceutical products in general, which could negatively affect the sales of such products or lead to increased volatility in market reaction.
[28] Breaches of data security, disruptions of information technology systems and cyber threats could result in financial, legal, competitive, operational, business or reputational harm Our business depends heavily on the use of interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems and digital tools.
[29] We are therefore vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and incidents and misuse or manipulation of any of these IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information or the modification of critical data.
[30] As a result, our ability to recover the data might be limited.
[31] Therefore, our business continuity could be at risk if we are unable to recover data through back-ups and restorations.
[32] This could result in material financial, legal, competitive, operational, business or reputational harm.
[33] Any prolonged restrictive measures put in place in order to control an outbreak of contagious disease or other adverse public health development, in any of our principal production sites, may have a material and adverse effect on our manufacturing operations.
[34] Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition (see “Item 4.
[35] In the event of manufacturing disruptions, our ability to use backup facilities or set up new facilities is more limited because biologics are more complex to manufacture and generally require dedicated facilities.
[36] We rely on third parties for the discovery, manufacture, marketing and distribution of some of our products Our industry is both highly collaborative and competitive, whether in the discovery and development of new products, in- licensing, the marketing and distribution of approved products, or manufacturing activities.
[37] We rely upon Regeneron to successfully carry out their responsibilities with regard to the manufacture and supply of these collaboration antibodies. (see “Item 4.
[38] Any failures in the development process or differing priorities may adversely affect our business, including the activities conducted through our collaboration arrangements.
[39] We are subject to the risk of non-payment by our customers(1) We run the risk of delayed payments or even non-payment by our customers, which consist principally of wholesalers, distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, clinics and government agencies.
[40] An inability of one or more of these wholesalers to honor their debts to us could adversely affect our financial condition (see Note D.34. to our consolidated financial statements included at Item 18. of this annual report).
