[1] Table of Contents Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our ADRs and ordinary shares.
[2] As a European company domiciled in Germany with securities listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject to European, German, U.S., and other governance-related regulatory requirements of the countries we operate in.
[3] Non-compliance could result in the imposition of penalties or cessation of orders due to alleged non-compliant activity.
[4] Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our operations globally or in one or more countries or regions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows.
[5] Legal and IP: Claims and lawsuits against us, such as for IP infringements or breaches of contract, or our inability to obtain or maintain adequate licenses for third-party technology, or if we are unable to protect or enforce our own intellectual property, may result in adverse outcomes.
[6] Data Protection and Privacy: Non-compliance with increasingly complex and stringent, sometimes even conflicting, applicable data protection and privacy laws, or failure to meet the contractual requirements of SAP s customers with respect to our products and services, could lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of customers.
[7] Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial performance, competitive or financial position, revenue, profit, and cash flows.
[8] Partner Ecosystem: If we are unable to scale, maintain, and enhance an effective partner ecosystem, revenue might not increase as expected.
[9] Cloud Operations: We may not be able to properly protect and safeguard our critical information and assets, business operations, cloud offerings and portfolio presentation, and related infrastructure against cyberattacks, insufficient infrastructure, disruption, or deficient performance.
[10] These cybersecurity threats can arise from our or our customers failure to patch such vulnerabilities in a timely or effective manner.
[11] While we have implemented patch management processes, we may be unable to comprehensively apply patches, or to confirm that mitigating measures address all vulnerabilities or that patches will be applied before exploitation by threat actors.
[12] Failure to integrate or maintain SAP s cybersecurity framework and protocols with network systems obtained through acquisitions could also introduce cybersecurity vulnerabilities.
[13] Further, during the pendency of a divestiture, we may be subject to risks such as a decline in the business to be divested, a loss of employees, customers, or suppliers, and the risk that the transaction may not close, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the business to be divested as well as our retained business.
[14] If a divestiture is not completed for any reason, we may not be able to find another buyer on the same terms, and we may have incurred significant costs without the corresponding benefit.
[15] Innovation: We might not be able to compete effectively if we strategize our solution portfolio ineffectively or if we are unable to keep up with rapid technological and product innovations, enhancements, new business models, and changing market expectations.
[16] Our future success depends on our ability to keep pace with technological and process innovations and new business models, as well as on our ability to develop new products and services, enhance and expand our existing products and services portfolio, and integrate products and services we obtain through acquisitions.
[17] Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by SAP or our partners could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended.
[18] As a result of these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm.
[19] An alleged or actual failure to meet these obligations may lead to regulatory investigations and fines or penalties may require us to change our business practices or retrain our algorithms or may prevent or limit our use of AI technology.
