[1] Additionally, we face competition from traditional offline options used by the vast majority of restaurants in our markets, including paper menus, telephone orders for delivery or takeout, and local advertising placed by restaurants.
[2] We are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, and local ordinances in the jurisdictions in which we operate and they are also evolving and difficult to predict.
[3] We may also be compelled to expend significant resources or discontinue certain services or features which could adversely affect our business.
[4] While we hope to continue to expand and make our technology platforms broadly available, these laws, regulations, and ordinances may limit our ability to expand geographically or require us to expend significant resources to modify our platforms, systems, or alter our business model in order to do so.
[5] Further, if we are unable to comply with regulation imposed upon our business, we could be subject to regulatory proceedings, fines or other penalties, along with potential civil and criminal proceedings.
[6] Our success depends upon our ability to identify, attract and retain highly qualified management and other key operating and technology personnel.
[7] Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, and availability of qualified individuals.
[8] We consider talented management a very important factor in our ability to drive our strategic initiatives and execute our long-term growth strategy and appreciate the importance of retention, growth and development of our employees.
[9] Risks Related to Our Operations If we fail to retain existing diners or add new diners, or if our diners continue to decrease in number and number of orders or order sizes decrease on the Platforms, our revenue, financial results, and business may be adversely affected.
[10] To the extent that the number of our Active Diners continues to trend down, our business performance could become increasingly dependent on our ability to increase the size of orders in current markets and the 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS size and frequency of orders in new markets.
[11] If diners do not perceive the Platforms to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain diners or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and amount of orders.
[12] A decrease in diner retention, growth, order frequency or overall order price will likely render the Platforms less attractive to restaurants, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
[13] Restaurants may not continue to do business with us or may be unwilling to pay service fees if we do not deliver in a timely, professional and friendly manner or if the restaurants do not believe that their investment in the Waitr platform, the Bite Squad platform or the Delivery Dudes platform, as applicable, will produce an increase in revenue from delivery, dine-in or carryout orders.
[14] Restaurants may not continue to do business with us if we do not increase revenues for them or provide delivery, dine-in or carryout ordering for diners in an effective manner, or if they do not believe that the use of the Platforms will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives, especially including from our competitors.
[15] In addition, the number of options available to restaurants may result in downward pressure on the prices that restaurants are willing to pay for our services.
[16] If we fail to attract new restaurants or retain existing restaurants, especially those restaurants that are most popular with diners, our financial results could materially suffer.
[17] We may be unable to continue to grow at historical growth rates or achieve profitability in the future.
[18] We are subject to a variety of risks relating to our relationships with the independent contractor drivers, including shortages of available drivers, loss of independent contractor drivers, adverse conditions impacting independent contractor drivers, and possible increases in driver compensation.
[19] These regulatory actions and/or increased scrutiny could result in increased costs and burdens for the Company.
[20] If Delivery Logistics is unable to attract and retain 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS a sufficient number of independent contractor drivers, we could face difficulty meeting consumer order demands or be forced to forego business that would otherwise be available to us, which could adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain or grow our business.
[21] We could face a challenge with having enough qualified drivers primarily due to intense market competition, which may subject us to increased payments for independent contractor driver rates that would negatively impact our profitability.
[22] In addition, the “on-call” or “on-demand” nature of the way that we ask independent contractor drivers to pick up shifts during busy times may result in difficulties procuring such independent contractor drivers when we need that labor most.
[23] Such a shortage could result in material harm to our business or reputation.
[24] If one of the independent contractor drivers is subject to negative publicity, it could negatively reflect on us and have a material and adverse effect on our business, brand and financial performance.
[25] The unwillingness of independent contractor drivers to perform their services when and where they are needed could adversely harm our financial performance and operating results.
[26] Recent inflationary trends that the U.S. is experiencing as well as increased gasoline prices exacerbated by the Ukrainian conflict may have a negative impact on restaurants, consumers and independent contractor drivers, which in turn could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
[27] Inflationary pressures, increased gasoline prices and other macroeconomic factors could drive restaurant prices higher, which could negatively impact consumer demand and result in a decrease in order volumes.
[28] If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brands, our ability to expand our base of diners and restaurants may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed.
[29] Maintaining and enhancing our brands could depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative services, which we may not do successfully.
[30] We may experience media, legislative, or regulatory scrutiny of our delivery and food safety record, our delivery experience, privacy matters or other issues, which may adversely affect our reputation and brands.
[31] If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands, our business and financial results may be adversely affected.
[32] Our strategic initiative to change our corporate name and visual identity in a comprehensive rebrand may not be successful and may negatively impact our name recognition with customers and partners or otherwise impact our business.
[33] Furthermore, our rebranding initiative may negatively impact our name recognition with customers and partners, which could have an adverse impact on our business.
[34] Seasonality and the impact of inclement weather could adversely affect our operations and profitability.
[35] Any of these events could substantially impact our revenue and results of operations and our ability to grow and operate our business.
[36] Our inability to manage growth and meet demand could harm our operations and brands.
[37] We may not be able to manage growth effectively.
[38] If we do not manage the 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of the Platforms and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our brands, business and results of operations.
[39] Our efforts in achieving improved diner and restaurant experience and loyalty may not produce the short- term or long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our growth and engagement, our relationships with diners and restaurants, and our business could be materially adversely affected.
[40] Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of diners and engagement, or adversely affect our financial results.
