[1] Extreme weather has the potential to directly damage our network facilities and other infrastructure and/or disrupt our ability to build and maintain portions of our network and could potentially disrupt suppliers ability to, among other things, provide the products and services we require to support our operations.
[2] The potential physical effects of extreme weather, such as storms, floods, fires, freezing conditions, sea-level rise and other adverse weather events could negatively affect our operations and infrastructure and, as a result, our financial results.
[3] Operational impacts resulting from extreme weather, such as, among other things, damage to our Hybrid MNO and/or Pay-TV infrastructure, could result in increased costs and loss of revenue.
[4] Our failure to effectively invest in, introduce and implement new competitive products and services could cause our products and services to become obsolete and could negatively impact our business.
[5] Our operating results are dependent to a significant extent upon our ability to continue to introduce new products and services, to upgrade existing products and services on a timely basis and to reduce costs of our existing products and services.
[6] We may not be able to successfully identify new product or service opportunities or develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner.
[7] In addition, delays in the delivery of components or other unforeseen problems associated with our technology may occur that could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue, offer new products and services and remain competitive.
[8] We rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key products or services to us, and the inability of these key vendors to meet our needs could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[9] While alternative sources for these products and services exist, we may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, or at all, which could materially impair our ability to timely deliver our products to our subscribers or operate our business.
[10] We depend on suppliers, including suppliers with manufacturing in China and other countries, for various materials in our Hybrid MNO, satellite and related infrastructure, Pay-TV and Wireless businesses.
[11] Supply chain disruptions, customs delays, new compliance requirements and other challenges may cause delays in deploying network infrastructure and customer equipment, increase our operational expenses and impact our ability to meet customer demand.
[12] Loss of these relationships could have an adverse effect on our subscriber base and certain of our other key operating metrics because we may not be able to develop comparable alternative distribution channels.
[13] Risks Related to our Human Capital We rely on highly skilled personnel for our business, and any inability to hire and retain key personnel or to hire qualified personnel may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[14] Ergen or such other key executives to devote sufficient time and effort to our businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[15] Furthermore, we believe that our wireless business, including, but not limited to, our ability to operate our Hybrid MNO, is dependent on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain a team of highly skilled personnel with knowledge of the wireless industry.
[16] Our wireless business will be adversely affected if we fail to effectively hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel with knowledge of the wireless industry. 41 Table of Contents The success of our business is also dependent on our ability to recruit engineers and other professionals, including those who are citizens of other countries.
[17] Risks Related to our Satellites Our owned and leased satellites in orbit are subject to significant operational and environmental risks that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites.
[18] Any single anomaly could materially and adversely affect our ability to utilize the satellite.
[19] Anomalies may also reduce, among other things, the expected capacity, commercial operation and/or useful life of a satellite, thereby reducing the revenue that could be generated by that satellite, or create additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or back-up satellites or satellite capacity earlier than planned and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
[20] We may not be able to prevent or mitigate the impacts of anomalies in the future.
[21] Our ability to earn revenue depends on the continued operation of our satellites, each of which has a limited useful life.
[22] Our satellites under construction are subject to risks related to, among other things, construction, technology, regulations and launch that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites, increase costs and adversely affect our business.
[23] The technologies in our satellite designs are very complex and difficulties in constructing our designs could result in delays in the deployment of our satellites or increased or unanticipated costs.
[24] We may not be able to accommodate affected customers on other satellites until a replacement satellite is available.
[25] We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other parties, to use our technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services.
[26] Legal challenges to these intellectual property rights may impair our ability to use the products, services and technologies that we need in order to operate our business and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[27] Changes in the copyright laws or how such laws may be interpreted could impact our ability to deliver content and provide certain features and functionality, particularly over the Internet.
[28] Any adverse finding in such legal proceedings, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[29] If those intellectual property rights are held by a competitor, we may be unable to obtain the intellectual property at any price, which could adversely affect our competitive position.
[30] Furthermore, it is sometimes not possible to determine definitively whether a claim of infringement is valid. 44 Table of Contents If our products contain defects, we could be subject to significant costs to correct such defects and our product and network service contracts could be delayed or cancelled, which could adversely affect our revenue.
[31] The occurrence of, and failure to remedy, any defects, errors or failures in our products or network services could materially affect our business.
[32] As a result, any defect or other problem may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
[33] Likewise, our ability to expand and update our information technology infrastructure in response to, among other things, our growth and changing needs is important to the continued implementation of our new service offering initiatives.
[34] Our inability to expand or upgrade our technology infrastructure could have adverse consequences, which could include, among other things, the delayed implementation of new service offerings, service or billing interruptions and the diversion of management and developmental resources.
[35] We rely on certain third parties for developing key components of our information technology and communications systems and ongoing service, all of which affect our Pay-TV, Wireless and Broadband and Satellite Services businesses.
[36] Interruption and/or failure of any of these systems could, among other things, disrupt our operations, interrupt our services, result in significant financial expenditures and damage our reputation, thus adversely impacting our ability to provide our services, retain our current subscribers and attract new Pay-TV, Wireless, and Broadband subscribers.
[37] In addition, third-party providers of some of our key systems may also experience interruptions to their information technology hardware and software infrastructure and communications systems that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited or no control.
[38] The occurrence of any network or information system related events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on, among other things, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
[39] Significant incidents could result in a disruption of our operations, subscriber dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation or a loss of subscribers and revenues.
[40] We may be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures on an acceptable timeframe or at all.
