[1] RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business We depend on a relatively small number of customers for most of our revenue, and the loss or financial instability of any of our significant customers may materially decrease our revenue and adversely affect our financial condition.
[2] Consequently, a reduction in demand for site leasing, reduced future capital expenditures or operating expenses on the networks, or the loss, as a result of bankruptcy, merger with other customers of ours or otherwise, of any of our largest customers could materially decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our growth.
[3] If we are unable to manage the short-term impact of these competitive pressures or if the competitive dynamics within our international markets do not stabilize in the foreseeable future, it could have a material and adverse effect on our international site leasing revenue, our future growth, and our business.
[4] If our wireless service provider customers are unable to access sufficient capital, or unwilling based on the economic cost of such capital or other reasons, to invest in their infrastructure or spectrum, it could reduce our ability to meet our growth expectations.
[5] If some or all of our wireless service provider customers, or potential customers, are unable to access sufficient capital, or unwilling based on the economic cost of such capital, to invest in the expansion of their networks, it could adversely affect our revenue growth.
[6] Future consolidations of wireless service providers could significantly impact the number of our tower leases that are not renewed or the number of new leases that our wireless service provider customers require to expand their networks, which could materially and adversely affect our future operating results.
[7] In addition, increasing interest rates may result in higher interest expense on our current fixed rate indebtedness upon a refinancing.
[8] We have a substantial level of indebtedness which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities.
[9] As a consequence of our indebtedness, (1) demands on our cash resources may increase, (2) we are subject to restrictive covenants that further limit our financial and operating flexibility, and (3) we may choose to institute self-imposed limits on our indebtedness based on certain considerations including market interest rates, our relative leverage and our strategic plans.
[10] Adverse changes in a customer s financial condition or business operations could result in delayed payments, reduced revenues, contract modifications, or nonperformance.
[11] While EchoStar s default, has not had, and is not expected to have, a material adverse effect, any failure of other customers to perform under their contractual and financial obligations to us could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
[12] Increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures or result in non-renewals that may materially and adversely affect us.
[13] Competition for tenants, whether or not resulting in MLAs, may materially and adversely affect our lease rates or lead to non-renewal of existing leases.
[14] In addition, the increasing number of towers (1) may provide customers the ability to relocate their antennas to other towers if they determine that a more suitable, efficient or economical location exists, which could lead to non-renewal of existing leases, or (2) may adversely impact our ability to enter into new customer leases.
[15] Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our growth rate and our future operations.
[16] A slowdown in demand for wireless services could materially and adversely affect our future growth and revenues.
[17] Increasing competition may negatively impact our ability to grow our communication site portfolio long-term.
[18] Our ability to meet our growth targets significantly depends on our ability to build or acquire existing towers that meet our investment requirements.
[19] Increased competition for acquisitions may result in fewer acquisition opportunities for us, higher acquisition prices, and increased difficulty in negotiating and acquiring such towers.
[20] Finally, laws regulating competition, domestically and internationally, may limit our ability to acquire certain portfolios and/or delay our acquisition of certain portfolios.
[21] As a result of these risks, the cost of acquiring these towers may be higher than we expect, or we may not be able to meet our annual and long-term tower portfolio growth targets.
[22] Due to these risks, it may take longer to complete our new tower builds than anticipated, domestically and internationally, and the costs of constructing these towers may be higher than we expect, or we may not be able to add as many towers as planned in 2026.
[23] If we are not able to increase our new build tower portfolio as anticipated, it could negatively impact our ability to achieve our financial goals.
[24] Our international operations are subject to economic, political, and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position.
[25] Our current business operations in developing markets, and our expansion into any other international markets in the future, could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the United States.
[26] Currency fluctuations may negatively affect our results of operations.
[27] Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast, and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts.
[28] Delays in the roll-out of new spectrum or deployment of new technologies could materially and adversely affect our future growth and revenues.
[29] Our ability to grow is dependent on the ability and willingness of our wireless service provider customers to invest in the roll-out of new spectrum or new technologies.
[30] Any delays or failure of these auctions could negatively impact future demand for our towers.
[31] Any significant reduction in demand for our wireless infrastructure resulting from new technologies or new architectures or changes in a customer's business model may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
[32] These factors could also have a material adverse effect on our growth rate since growth opportunities and demand for our tower space as a result of new technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated.
[33] Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
[34] If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results.
[35] From time to time, we experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of the agreements for the land under our tower structures, which can affect our ability to access and operate such towers.
[36] Further, landowners may not want to renew their agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their property interests to third parties, including property interest aggregators and our competitors, which could affect our ability to renew agreements on commercially viable terms or at all.
[37] Failure to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our site leasing revenue and future growth.
[38] Consequently, we may not have visibility to the relationship between the land owner and the tower owner, including the term of any ground lease, and may not have the ability to promptly intervene if the land owner takes, or fails to take action, that would risk continued use of the tower, such as a sale of the parcel to a land aggregator, failure to pay taxes or condemnation actions.
[39] If the land owner was unable or unwilling to renew the ground lease with the tower owner, we could lose our ability to use the tower irrespective of our right of use agreement.
[40] If we were to lose a significant number of our right to use towers it could adversely affect our site leasing revenue.
