Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business faces many risks. Certain risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Strategic and Competitive Risks We may be unable to increase sales at our existing stores. We experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales at our existing stores, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months. See Item 7. “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a further discussion of comparable store sales. Various factors affect the comparable store sales at our existing stores, including, among others, the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, global supply chain disruptions, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other competing retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, retail pricing, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs, weather conditions, and our ability to attract and retain qualified team members. These factors may cause the comparable store sales results at our existing stores to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations. Past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future. 10 Table of Contents Our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results. We believe our past performance has been based upon, and future success will depend in part upon, the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs. These merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. If we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory impairment or retail price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, public health issues (including pandemics and quarantines and related shut-downs, re-openings, or other actions by the government) or natural disasters, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores and distribution or fulfillment centers and managing an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customer will demand. As our customers increasingly expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, and protect relevant customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. We also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. Customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. Customers routinely use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. Once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery and/or convenient pickup options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. There is no guarantee that measures we take to address this, such as our store localization, direct sales, and Final Mile initiatives, will be successful or sufficient to address our customer’s needs. In addition, a greater concentration of online sales with direct fulfillment or curbside pickup could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-selling of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our overall sales and adversely affect our financial performance. Failure to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to maintain appropriate inventory; to provide quick and low-price or free delivery alternatives and convenient pickup options; to differentiate the customer experience for our primary customer groups; to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment; and to ensure we have the correct processes and framework to monitor other necessary changes so we may continue to respond in a timely manner could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance. An integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. Our expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers and other businesses for such sites. If we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired. To the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded. There can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the Company. New stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have 11 Table of Contents lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. As we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs. Additionally, new stores can also impact the sales and contribution margins of existing stores located in close proximity. As we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability, or cash flow. Our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable. Competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations. We operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. These competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, pet retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently-owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains, and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and team members. This competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance. We may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business. We may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business, such as the acquisition of Allivet, Inc. (“Allivet”) in December 2024. The success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration, and other factors relating to the target business. Acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management’s attention from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations, and general operating procedures. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquired businesses may not achieve desired profitability objectives or other expectations, causing lower than expected earnings and cash flows which could adversely affect our financial performance and subsequently require impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets. 12 Table of Contents Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name or any of our Owned Brands. Our success depends in part on the value and strength of the Tractor Supply name, including our Owned Brands. The Tractor Supply name is integral to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity, whether or not based on fact. Any failure to comply or accusation of our failure to comply with data privacy, environmental, ethical, labor, product, social, and other regulatory and industry standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about our Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to criticism in the media and on social media regarding our company and management, as well as our stewardship strategies and changes in those strategies, which may be considered to be overreaching by some stakeholders and inadequate by other stakeholders. Widespread dissemination of such criticism at times has impacted our relationships with our customers and investors, and may do so in the future. Further, adverse publicity about our merchandise products or company, whether valid or not, may discourage customers from buying the products we offer. Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. Any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business. Weather and Climate Risks Unseasonal and extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, and climate change may have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Weather conditions affect the demand for, timing of demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices. Historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. In addition, extreme weather conditions, such as more frequent or intense hurricanes and tropical storms, thunderstorms, tornadoes, flood, fires, droughts, earthquakes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels, have impacted operating results both positively and negatively and may positively or negatively impact our business in the future. While extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions, as a result of store closings, damage to our stores or merchandise, or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. Our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. Should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes, including the risk of evolving or diverging regulatory requirements and investor and consumer expectations in different jurisdictions) are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. These changes over time could affect, for example, consumer behavior and preferences, the availability and cost of certain consumer products and commodities, and energy (including utilities), which, in turn, may impact our ability to procure certain goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we or our customers require. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. Weather conditions may cause a disruption in our distribution and transportation network that would adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations. We rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores and to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Disruptions due to extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, fires and droughts have at times resulted and may in the future 13 Table of Contents result in delays in the transportation and delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers, our stores, or our customers. Significant disruptions or delays in our distribution and transportation network could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our customers which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, or market responses to global climate change. Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. and elsewhere to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in conducting our operations. Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs, which could materially affect our profitability. We may also be subject to additional and more complex reporting requirements in the future. For example, the State of California recently amended the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act that will impose broad climate-related disclosure obligations on companies doing business in California. The implementation of certain of these requirements was paused in November 2025 and remains subject to litigation, with the result that the timing and outcomes of such court proceedings are currently unclear. If enacted, the disclosure rules could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. In addition, regulatory uncertainty, changes in applicable rules and regulations, and regulations in different jurisdictions that may conflict with each other may make compliance more costly or difficult to achieve. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, we could suffer adverse reputational impacts if we are not able to respond to any new regulatory or market changes in a timely fashion, on the same timeline as our peers, or at all. Our investors, other stakeholders, and regulators may not be satisfied with our ESG efforts including DE&I. In July 2024, we announced a change in our goals relating to our carbon emissions goals and DE&I efforts. In addition, in 2025, we determined not to adopt climate targets in line with the Science Based Targets initiative. Our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our efforts or the changes in our goals, which could adversely affect public perception of our business, team member morale, customer or stockholder support as well as business and/or financial performance. For example, certain of our investors, as well as shareholder advocates, are placing an emphasis on how corporations address ESG including DE&I issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment theses and proxy recommendations. Additionally, certain stock indices consider ESG factors in determining which companies qualify for inclusion. If our investors, shareholder advocates, or indices in which we are included react negatively to future changes in our goals, it could have a negative impact on our stock price. Future changes to our ESG goals and strategies may further adversely impact our relationship with our team members, customers, stockholders, and other stakeholders, which could result in a reduction in sales, a negative impact on our stock price, and erosion of stockholder trust or consumer perception. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, including potential enforcement action, if any of our regulators has a negative reaction to the changes in our goals or perceives our goals to conflict with regulatory requirements. Macroeconomic Risks General economic and geopolitical conditions may adversely affect our financial performance. Our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic and geopolitical conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. A weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, negative consumer outlook, uncertainty, instability or changes in business or political conditions, social and political causes and movements, including government shutdowns, changes in interest rates, inflation/deflation, higher tax rates or tariffs, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, and other economic matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. Furthermore, natural disasters or acts of terrorism, public health epidemics or pandemics, and geopolitical tensions or incidents such as war, civil unrest, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence in the United States or in other areas of the world could adversely affect consumer spending or our operations, which could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 14 Table of Contents Purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance. Although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both. We are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton, and other commodities, as well as duties, tariffs, diesel fuel, and transportation services. Therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin. Our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices, and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality. Should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility be ineffective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted. Team Member Risks Our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to maintain and continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, increases in legally required minimum wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities. If we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected. We are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. These laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others. The laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer. We must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations. If our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected. The loss of current members of our senior management team and other key team members or the failure to successfully manage an executive officer transition may adversely affect our operating results. Our success depends in large part on the continued availability and service of our executive officers, senior management, and other key team members. Competition for senior management and key team members in our industry is strong and we may not be able to retain our key team members or attract new qualified team members. We must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other team members sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our long-term strategic growth initiatives. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management without sufficient advance notice could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic initiatives or divert management’s attention to seeking qualified replacements. Additionally, any failure by us to manage a successful leadership transition of an executive officer and to timely identify a qualified permanent replacement could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Supply Chain and Third-Party Vendor Risks We face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced. The products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors. We have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs. Our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. We rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers. Our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones. This reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, global health, or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution, including the imposition of higher tariffs or other changes in trade policies. Our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for 15 Table of Contents bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market’s needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. The Company does not control third party vendors’ actions or the components or manufacture of their products. Any problems caused by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products or workforce, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber-attacks or security breaches at a vendor could subject the Company to litigation and adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell. In addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources. As an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products. If any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional U.S. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The economic landscape in the U.S. contains uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations, and other geopolitical considerations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia and Central America. Major developments in tax policy, trade relations, or diplomatic relationships, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise, the imposition of tariffs on imported products or retaliatory actions by countries affected by changes in U.S. tax and trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including China, for merchandise. Additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of current or potential tariffs by the U.S. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from China. We source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the U.S., primarily in Asia and Central America, and many of our domestic vendors have a global supply chain. The U.S. has recently imposed new or higher tariffs on certain products imported into the U.S. from China and other countries and could propose additional tariffs. The imposition of tariffs on imported products has increased our costs and could result in reduced sales and profits. The changes in certain tax and trade policies, tariffs and other regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries enacted under the prior U.S. administration increased the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the U.S., which represents a large percentage of our overall merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations may change under the current U.S. administration, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income. In addition, the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by China and other countries on U.S. exports and could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by other countries as well. A resulting trade war or increasing trade tensions could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. Further, the imposition of tariffs or other changes in world trade could have an impact on certain U.S. industries and consumers, could cause us to raise our prices and re-evaluate the sourcing of our products, and could consequently negatively impact the consumer demand for products that we sell. Through our enterprise risk management, we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail selling prices. Increased tariffs have impacted our costs and margins, and given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the U.S. or other countries, the future impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could be significant. Thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part. To the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents A significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits. We rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. Any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. For example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, product shortages from vendors, or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products to meet increased customer demand for certain products, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. In addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. Also, a fire, tornado, snow or ice storm, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business. Shortages or interruptions in the receipt or supply of products caused by unanticipated demand, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of supplies, inclement weather or other economic conditions, including the availability of qualified drivers and distribution center team members, could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of products, and our operating results. The implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new distribution facilities and expand existing facilities to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth or negatively impacting our fulfillment capabilities, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. In addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects, such as our Final Mile initiatives, entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental, or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets. We continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. These initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores, distribution facilities, and customers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. The cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. In addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether. Technology, Data Security, Cybersecurity, Business Continuity, and Disaster Recovery Risks Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, team members, and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, team members, and vendors. Such a failure could also cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are managed or provided by third-parties, for many activities important to our business. As do most retailers, we receive and store in our information systems certain personal and other sensitive information about our business, customers, team members, and vendors. Additionally, we also receive and process information permitting cashless payments as part of our in-store and online operations at TractorSupply.com, Petsense.com, and Allivet.com, and on our mobile application, some of which depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. The information that we receive and store makes us subject to cybersecurity attacks and cyber incidents, which are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated, and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. We are the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and we continuously monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer virus
