Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows are subject to a number of risks that could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks set forth below are those we consider most significant. We face other risks, however, that we do not currently perceive to be material which could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from our expectations. You should evaluate all risks before you invest in our securities. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely impacted. In that case, the trading price of our ordinary shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Economic Conditions Our global operations subject us to economic risks. Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold in the U.S. and internationally. Approximately 75% of our net revenues in 2025 were derived inside the U.S., and we sold products in approximately 100 countries. In addition, many of our customers, manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the U.S. These activities are subject to risks that are inherent in operating globally, including: •changes in local laws and regulations including potential imposition of currency restrictions; new or changing tax laws, including the implementation of a global minimum tax; variations in monetary policies; and other restraints; •trade protection measures such as import or export restrictions and requirements, the imposition of tariffs and quotas, trade embargoes, or revocation or material modification of trade agreements; •limitation of ownership rights, including expropriation of assets by a local government, and limitation on the ability to repatriate earnings; •sovereign debt crises and currency instability in developed and developing countries; •difficulty in staffing and managing global operations including supply chain disruptions which may be exacerbated by pandemics or other public health crises, natural disasters, or other events affecting the supply of labor, materials and components; •difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through non-U.S. legal systems; •national and international conflict, including war, civil disturbances and terrorist acts or the threat thereof; and •recessions, economic downturns, price instability, inflation, slowing economic growth and social and political instability. These risks could increase our cost of doing business internationally, increase our counterparty risk, disrupt our operations, disrupt the ability of suppliers and customers to fulfill their obligations, limit our ability to sell products in certain markets and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Commodity and raw material shortages, supply chain risks and price increases could adversely affect our financial results. We rely on suppliers to secure commodities, particularly steel and non-ferrous metals, and third-party parts and components, including electronic components, required for the manufacture of our products. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or decreased availability of commodities and third-party parts and components could adversely affect our ability to meet our commitments to customers, impact pricing, increase our operating costs, or impact timing and delivery of products and services. Disruptions have previously occurred and may occur in the future due to public health crises, natural disasters, regulatory changes, geopolitical events, electronic component shortages, supplier capacity constraints, labor shortages, port congestion, logistical problems, political unrest, and other issues. Some of these disruptions have resulted in supply chain constraints affecting our business including our ability to timely produce and ship our products. The unavailability of some commodities and third-party parts and components could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Volatility in the prices of commodities and third-party parts and components or the impact of inflationary increases could increase the costs of our products and services. We may not be able to pass on these costs to our customers and this could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Conversely, in the event there is deflation, we may experience pressure from our customers to reduce prices. There can be no assurance that we would be able to reduce our costs (through negotiations with suppliers or other measures) to offset any such price concessions which could adversely impact results of operations and cash flows. While we use financial derivatives, supplier price locks or indices-based pricing mechanisms to partially hedge against this volatility, by using these instruments we may potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in prices and could experience lower margins in periods of declining commodity 13 Table of Contents prices. In addition, while hedging activity may minimize near-term volatility of the commodity prices, it would not protect us from long-term commodity price increases. Some of our purchases are from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of cost effectiveness, regulatory requirements, uniqueness of design, or product quality. If these suppliers encounter financial or operating difficulties, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. We face significant competition in the markets that we serve. The markets that we serve are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. There has been consolidation and new entrants (including non-traditional competitors) within our industries and there may be future consolidation and new entrants, either of which could result in increased competition and pricing pressures and significantly alter the dynamics of the competitive landscape in which we operate. Due to our global footprint we are competing worldwide with large companies and with smaller, local operators who may have customer, regulatory or economic advantages in the geographies in which they are located. In addition, some of our competitors may employ pricing and other strategies that are not traditional. While we understand our markets and competitive landscape, there is always the risk of disruptive technologies coming from companies that are not traditionally manufacturers or service providers of our products. Refer to "Item 1. Business" for additional details. As we integrate acquisitions into our portfolio of solutions, we may face new competitors in our target markets and incur increased competition from alternative solutions, which could lead to decreased demand or reduced market share for our products and services. We must maintain the quality of our products, retain longstanding relationships with major customers, continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, and continually innovate new or enhanced products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and market leadership position to effectively compete in the markets that we serve. AI also presents emerging issues and the pace presents uncertainties, and we may experience competitive harm, harm to our reputation, or legal liability. A failure or inability to effectively address market trends, incorporate technology developments, adapt to changes in customer preferences, and compete in our market may adversely affect demand for our products and services, which may cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Our growth is dependent, in part, on the timely development, commercialization and acceptance of new and enhanced products and services. We must efficiently and effectively innovate, develop and commercialize new and enhanced products and services in a rapidly changing technological and business environment in order to remain competitive in our current and future markets and in order to continue to grow our business. The timely development and commercialization of new products and services and the enhancement of existing products and services is required to meet our customer demands, market trends, and regulatory requirements. The ongoing refreshment of our product and service offerings portfolio requires strategic choices of a significant investment of resources, anticipation of the opportunity and risks of new technologies, and the ability to compete with others who may have superior resources in specific technology domains. We cannot provide any assurance that any new or enhanced product or service will be successfully commercialized in a timely manner, if ever, or, if commercialized, will result in returns greater than our investment. Investment in a product or service could divert our attention and resources from other projects that become more commercially viable in the market. We also cannot provide any assurance that any new or enhanced product or service will be accepted by our current and future markets. The accelerating pace of technological change increases the risk of shortened product lifecycles. The successful development and commercialization of products and services depends on attracting, retaining, and developing highly skilled talent in engineering, technology, and product management. Constraints in the labor market or increased competition for skilled professionals may delay innovation initiatives or increase costs, or require the company to accelerate automation. Failure to timely and accurately predict customer needs and preferences, anticipate regulatory conditions affecting current and future products, mitigate supply chain disruptions on new products, or our failure to develop new and enhanced products and services in a timely fashion, including implementing emerging technological changes such as integrated AI solutions in our products and services, could have a material adverse impact on our competitive position, operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 14 Table of Contents Capital and credit market conditions could adversely affect our business operations, investments, and financial performance. Instability in U.S. and global capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate volatility, or reductions in the credit ratings assigned to us by independent rating agencies could reduce our access to capital markets or increase the cost of funding our short- and long-term credit requirements. In particular, if we are unable to access capital and credit markets, or access them on terms that are acceptable to us, we may not be able to make certain investments or fully execute our business plans and strategies. If we were to raise funding through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders would experience dilution of their existing ownership interest. If we were to raise significant additional funds by issuing debt, we could be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants or rating agencies could downgrade our credit ratings or put them on negative watch. Our suppliers and customers are also dependent upon the capital and credit markets. Limitations on the ability of customers, suppliers or financial counterparties to access credit at interest rates and on terms that are acceptable to them could lead to insolvencies of key suppliers and customers, limit or prevent customers from obtaining credit to finance purchases of our products and services and cause delays in the delivery of key products from suppliers. The performance of the financial markets and interest rates can also impact the value of our defined benefit pension plans and other post-retirement benefit programs. Significant decreases in discount rate or the value of plan assets may increase our funding obligations, which may adversely affect our financial results. See Note 11 – "Pensions and Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." Currency exchange rate fluctuations and other related risks may adversely affect our results. We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. See Part II Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk." We have operations throughout the world that manufacture and sell products in various international markets. We also have investments in our subsidiaries located in foreign countries. As a result, we are exposed to movements in exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. dollar as well as against other currencies throughout the world. Many of our non-U.S. operations have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar, and their results are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. Therefore, our reported results will be higher or lower depending on the weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the respective foreign currency. Decreased strength of the U.S. dollar could also adversely affect the cost of raw materials, products, or services that we purchase from non-U.S. suppliers. We use derivative instruments to partially hedge those material exposures that cannot be naturally offset. The instruments utilized are viewed as risk management tools and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. To minimize the risk of counterparty non-performance, derivative instrument agreements are made only through major financial institutions with significant experience in such derivative instruments. We also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. 15 Table of Contents Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results. Changes in governmental policies on foreign trade, geopolitical tensions, and trade disputes can disrupt supply chains and increase the cost of our products. This could cause our products to be more expensive for customers, which could reduce the demand for or the attractiveness of such products. The U.S. continues to implement certain trade actions, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported from several countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by other countries. Additional tariffs have been proposed by the current U.S. administration and there are active negotiations for extending trade treaties. It is not possible to predict the extent or focus of any such tariffs at this time. In addition, a geopolitical conflict in a region where we operate could disrupt our ability to conduct business operations in that region. In addition to tariffs, duties, quotas, trade embargoes, and sanctions, countries also could adopt other measures, such as controls on imports or exports of goods, technology, or data, which could adversely affect our operations and supply chain and limit our ability to offer our products and services as intended. These kinds of restrictions could be adopted with little to no advance notice, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate the adverse impacts from such measures. Political uncertainty surrounding trade or other international disputes also could have a negative impact on customer confidence and willingness to spend money, which could impair our future growth. World geopolitical conflicts have created humanitarian crises, materially impacted economic activities, and may materially impact our global and regional operations. The global economy has been negatively impacted by geopolitical conflicts, including the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. Governments including the U.S., China, United Kingdom, and those of the European Union have imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia which has triggered retaliatory sanctions by the Russian government and its allies. The outcome and future impacts of these world conflicts remain highly uncertain, continue to evolve and may grow more severe the longer the military action and sanctions remain in effect. Risks associated with world geopolitical conflicts that have arisen or could arise in the future, include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on political developments and on general economic conditions, including inflation and consumer spending; disruptions to our supply chains; disruptions to our information systems, including through network failures, malicious or disruptive software, or cyberattacks; trade disruptions; additional tariffs; energy shortages or rationing that may adversely impact our manufacturing facilities and consumer spending, particularly in Europe; rising fuel and/or rising costs of producing, procuring and shipping our products; our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and constraints, volatility or disruption in the financial markets. We have no way to predict the progress or outcome of world geopolitical conflicts, including the situations in Ukraine and the Middle East. Although neither the Russia-Ukraine conflict nor the Middle East conflicts have, to date, caused any material adverse effect on our business or financial performance, until there are peaceful resolutions, these conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our operations, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, growth prospects and business outlook. The full extent to which public health crises will affect us will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. The extent to which a pandemic, epidemic, or other widespread outbreaks of infectious disease or other public health crises, including a resurgence of any previously identified outbreaks of infectious diseases, may impact our business going forward will depend on factors such as the duration and scope of infections; governmental, business, and individuals' actions in response to the health crisis; travel and other restrictions; and the impact on economic activity including the possibility of financial market instability or recession. How a pandemic, epidemic, or other public health crises will affect us will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. Such events may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. The global spread of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic demonstrated widespread, rapidly evolving and unpredictable impacts on global society, economics, financial markets and business practices. Government efforts to contain the pandemic included travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns. Although our operations have stabilized since the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business and global operations were impacted by supply chain delays, higher material costs and product prices, lower revenues for some quarters, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, and, at times, our abilities to obtain needed products and services, operate in certain locations, maintain our distribution channels, and attract and retain talent were affected. A resurgence or development of new strains of COVID-19, or other public health emergencies, could result in unpredictable responses by authorities around the world which could negatively impact our global operations, customers and suppliers. 16 Table of Contents Risks Related to Litigation Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our results of operations, and our financial condition. We and certain of our subsidiaries are currently and may in the future become involved in legal and regulatory proceedings and disputes incidental to the operation of our business or the business operations of previously-owned entities. Our business may be adversely affected by the outcome of these proceedings and other contingencies (including, without limitation, contract claims or other commercial disputes, product liability, product defects, environmental matters, intellectual property claims, employment claims, and asbestos-related matters) that cannot be predicted with certainty. These lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages, and/or injunctive relief. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, we may experience disruption in supply or sales, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations or financial results. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against the total aggregate amount of losses sustained as a result of such proceedings and contingencies. As required by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), we establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings and other events could affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a reserve and we may be required to make additional material payments, which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. See also Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings," and Part II, Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements Note 20, "Commitments and Contingencies." The Aldrich and Murray Chapter 11 cases involve various risks and uncertainties that could have a material effect on us. Our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries Aldrich and Murray have each filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court. The goal of these Chapter 11 filings is to resolve equitably and permanently all current and future asbestos-related claims in a manner beneficial to claimants, Aldrich and Murray through court approval of a plan of reorganization that would create a trust pursuant to section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, establish claims resolution procedures for all current and future asbestos-related claims against Aldrich and Murray and channel such claims to the trust for resolution in accordance with those procedures. Such a resolution, if achieved, would likely include a channeling injunction to enjoin asbestos claims resolved in the Chapter 11 cases from being filed or pursued against us or our affiliates. The Chapter 11 cases remain pending as of February 5, 2026. There are a number of risks and uncertainties associated with these Chapter 11 cases, including, among others, those related to: •the ability to consummate the agreement in principle reached with the court appointed legal representative of future asbestos claimants (the FCR); •the outcome of negotiations with the committee representing current asbestos claimants (ACC) and other participants in the Chapter 11 cases, including insurers, concerning the terms of a plan of reorganization, including the size and structure of a potential section 524(g) trust to pay the asbestos liability of Aldrich and Murray and the means for funding that trust, and the risk that the ACC will object to, and the risk that insurers will not support, a plan of reorganization having terms acceptable to Aldrich and Murray; •the actions of representatives of the asbestos claimants, including the ACC's pursuit of certain causes of action against us, and other potential actions by the ACC in opposition to, or otherwise inconsistent with, the efforts by Aldrich and Murray to diligently prosecute the Chapter 11 cases and ultimately seek Bankruptcy Court approval of a plan of reorganization; •the decisions of the Bankruptcy Court relating to numerous substantive and procedural aspects of the Chapter 11 cases, and other efforts by Aldrich and Murray to diligently prosecute the Chapter 11 cases and ultimately seek Bankruptcy Court approval of a plan of reorganization, whether such decisions are in response to actions of representatives of the asbestos claimants or otherwise; •the ultimate determination of the asbestos liability of Aldrich and Murray to be satisfied under a plan of reorganization pursuant to the court-approved estimation proceeding; •the ability of Aldrich and Murray to obtain the necessary approvals of the Bankruptcy Court or the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina (the District Court) of a plan of reorganization; •the decisions of the appellate courts regarding any orders of the Bankruptcy Court or the District Court that may be appealed; 17 Table of Contents •any orders approving a plan of reorganization and issuing the channeling injunction not becoming final and non-appealable; •the terms and conditions of any plan of reorganization that is ultimately confirmed in the Chapter 11 cases; •delays in the confirmation or effective date of a plan of reorganization due to factors beyond the Company's control; and •the risk that the ultimate amount required under any final plan of reorganization may exceed the amounts agreed to with the FCR in the Plan. The ability of Aldrich and Murray to successfully reorganize and resolve their asbestos liabilities will depend on various factors, including their ability to reach agreements with representatives of the asbestos claimants on the terms of a plan of reorganization that satisfies all applicable legal requirements and to obtain the requisite court approvals of such plan, and remains subject to the risks and uncertainties described above. We cannot ensure that Aldrich and Murray can successfully reorganize, nor can we give any assurances as to the amount of the ultimate obligations under Funding Agreements pursuant to which certain subsidiaries are obligated, among other things, to pay the costs and expenses of Aldrich and Murray during the pendency of the Chapter 11 cases to the extent distributions from their respective subsidiaries are insufficient to do so and to provide an amount for the funding for a trust established pursuant to section 524(g) of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent that the other assets of Aldrich and Murray are insufficient to provide the requisite trust funding or any plan of reorganization, or the resulting impact on our financial condition, results of operations or future prospects. We also are unable to predict the timing of any of the foregoing matters or the timing for a resolution of the Chapter 11 cases, all of which could have an impact on us. It also is possible that, in the Chapter 11 cases, various parties will be successful in bringing claims against us and other related parties, including by successfully challenging the 2020 corporate restructuring, consolidating entities and/or raising allegations that we are liable for the asbestos-related liabilities of Aldrich and Murray as set forth in certain pleadings filed by the ACC in the Chapter 11 cases. Although we believe we have no such responsibility for liabilities of Aldrich and Murray, except indirectly through our obligation to provide funding to Aldrich and Murray under the terms of the Funding Agreements, we cannot provide assurances that such claims will not be successful. In sum, the outcome of the Chapter 11 cases is uncertain and there is uncertainty as to what extent we may have to contribute to a section 524(g) trust under the Funding Agreements. For detailed information on the bankruptcy cases of Aldrich and Murray, see Part I, Item 1, "Business - Asbestos-Related Matters," Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings," Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Significant Matters," and Part II, Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements, and Note 20, "Commitments and Contingencies." Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Technology We are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems. We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are supported by third party vendors including cloud-based systems and managed service providers, to manage and operate our business. We invest in new information technology systems designed to improve our operations. These information technology systems can be damaged, disrupted, compromised, or shut down due to cyber attacks, malware, human error or malfeasance (including by employees), power and utility outages, hardware failures, telecommunication issues, or catastrophes or other unforeseen events. If these systems cease to function properly, if these systems experience security breaches or disruptions, if these systems do not provide the anticipated benefits or if we are unable to commit sufficient resources to maintain and enhance our information technology infrastructure to ensure data quality and to keep pace with continuous development in information processing technology, our ability to manage our operations could be impaired, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 18 Table of Contents Security breaches or disruptions of the technology systems, infrastructure or products of the Company or our vendors could negatively impact our business and financial results. Our information technology systems, networks, connected services, and infrastructure and technology, including artificial intelligence (AI) technology, embedded in certain of our control products have been and are at risk to cyber attacks and unauthorized access. From time to time, vulnerabilities in our products are discovered and updates are made available, but customers are at risk until those updates are applied or other mitigating actions are taken by customers to protect their systems and networks. Although we maintain processes and procedures designed to mitigate cybersecurity risk, like other large companies, certain of our information technology systems and the systems of our vendors have been subject to computer viruses, malicious code, unauthorized access, phishing attempts, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber attacks and we expect that we and our vendors will be subject to similar attacks in the future. We and some of our third-party suppliers have experienced cyber attacks, and, due to the evolving threat landscape, may continue to experience attacks, potentially with more frequency and severity. Certain of our business partners and third-party vendors may be granted access to our confidential information as well as confidential information about our customers, suppliers, employees, and others, which may be compromised by a cyber attack. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of AI technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks, including risks from malicious or misuse of AI to craft increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks against us, our business partners, or our third-party vendors. While we continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services and operations from potential cyber attacks, insufficient controls or other vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our business partners or third-party vendors could result in misappropriation, destruction, exfiltration, or unauthorized disclosure of our information. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information technology systems are constantly changing and evolving. Despite having instituted security policies and enhancing business continuity plans, and implementing and regularly reviewing and updating security controls and related processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access and requiring similar protections from our vendors, the ever-evolving threats mean we are continually evaluating and adapting our systems and processes and ask our vendors to do the same, and there is no guarantee that such systems and processes will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. Hardware, software, AI technology, or applications we develop or obtain from third parties sometimes contain defects in design or deployment or other problems that could unexpectedly result in security breaches or disruptions. Open source software components embedded into certain software that we use have in the past contained vulnerabilities and others may be discovered in the future. Such vulnerabilities can expose our systems to malware or allow unauthorized third-party access to data, including confidential information about our business, customers, dealers, and suppliers; personally identifiable data related to employees, customers, and other business partners; as well as other sensitive matters. While these issues are not specific to our Company, we are required to take action when such vulnerabilities are identified including patching and modification to certain of our products and enterprise systems. To date, there has been no material business impact from such vulnerabilities, but we continue to monitor these issues and our responses are ongoing. Our systems, networks and certain of our control products and those of our vendors are at risk to system damage, cyber attacks, human errors or misconduct, malware, power and utility outages, and other catastrophic events. Any of these incidents could cause significant harm to our business by negatively impacting our business operations, compromising the security of our proprietary information or the personally identifiable information of our customers, employees and business partners which may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and other controls. These events potentially expose us to litigation or other legal actions against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities. Such events could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could damage our reputation which could adversely affect our business. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to a cyber attack or disruptions resulting from such attacks. Customers are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. 19 Table of Contents Data privacy and protection laws are evolving and present increasing compliance challenges. The regulatory environment surrounding data privacy and protection is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements across businesses and geographic areas. We are required to comply with complex regulations when collecting, transferring and using personal data, including the E.U. Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the various state privacy laws, and other regulatory requirements. Compliance with these regulations increases our costs, affects our competitiveness and can expose us to substantial fines or other penalties, and/or additional reporting or other obligations. Intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our competitive position. Our intellectual property (IP) rights are important to our business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, proprietary technology, technical data, business processes, and other confidential information. Although in aggregate we consider our intellectual property rights to be valuable to our operations, we do not believe that our business is materially dependent on a single intellectual property right or any group of them. In our opinion, engineering, production skills and experience are more responsible for our market position than our patents and/or licenses. Nonetheless, this intellectual property may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation or circumvention by third parties. Despite extensive security measures, our intellectual property may be subject to misappropriation through unauthorized access of our information technology systems, employee theft, or theft by private parties or foreign actors, including those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. Our business and competitive position could be harmed by such events. We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with certain employees, contractors, and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights by legal recourse or otherwise may be limited, particularly in countries where laws or enforcement practices are inadequate or undeveloped. Our inability to enforce our IP rights under any of these circumstances could have an impact on our competitive position and business. Risks Related to Regulatory Matters Our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations could be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents, business partners, or other third parties. We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anti-corruption, anti-human trafficking, anti-bribery including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, export and import compliance, anti-trust, cybersecurity, data privacy, and money laundering, due to our global operations. We cannot provide assurance our internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents, business partners, or other third parties. Any violations of law or improper conduct could damage our reputation and, depending on the circumstances, subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, equitable remedies (including profit disgorgement and injunctions on future conduct), securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could have a material adverse impact on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the market value of our stock. We also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct, violations of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our operations are subject to regulatory risks. Our U.S. and non-U.S. operations are subject to a number of laws and regulations, including among others, laws related to the environment, commercial trade, technology, and health and safety. We have made, and will be required to continue to make, significant expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. Any violations of applicable laws and regulatio
