Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. Because of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other factors affecting our operating results and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance and our business and financial performance could be harmed and the market value of our securities could decline. These risks are not presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. Summary of Risk Factors Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to: Risks relating to our business and industry •Our industry is highly competitive •Uncertainty of achieving market acceptance, delays or disruptions for our products may have an adverse effect •We face development risks and must adapt to changes in software technologies •We are dependent on the timing of our product releases •We are dependent on the future success of our Grand Theft Auto products and other hit titles •The development, use, and incorporation of artificial intelligence ("AI") into our products and within our industry may present operational, reputational, financial, and competition risks •Our ability to develop successful products for current video game platforms •We require approval of hardware licensors to publish titles •Reliance on complex information technology systems and networks and potential adverse impact of security breaches •Potential adverse impact of inadequate consumer data protection •Dependence on key management and product development personnel •Attracting, managing, and retaining our talent is critical to our success •Offensive consumer-created content can harm our results of operations or reputation •We rely on software development arrangements with third parties •The risk of distributors, development, and licensing partners or other third parties being unable to honor their commitments or otherwise putting our brand at risk •Increasing importance of digital sales and free-to-play games exposes us to the risks of that business model 7 •We must compete for advertisements and offers that are incorporated into our free-to-play games •Our acquisitions and investments may not have the anticipated results •International operations risks •The loss of server capacity, lack of sufficient bandwidth, or connectivity issues could cause our business to suffer •Use of open-source software exposes us to risks •Our software is susceptible to errors •The continued ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property is key •We may experience declines or fluctuations in the recurring portion of our business •Adverse effects of price protection and returns •Increased competition for retailer support could increase expenses •A limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our sales •Content policies could negatively affect sales •ESRB ratings for our products could negatively affect our ability to distribute and sell •The competitive position and value of our products could be adversely affected by unprotected intellectual property •The value of our virtual items is highly dependent on how we manage the economies in our games •There is potential for unauthorized or fraudulent transactions of accounts and virtual items outside of our games Risks related to legal or regulatory compliance •Government regulation of the Internet can affect our business •Legislation could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business •Failure to comply with laws and regulations, including data privacy, could harm our business •Adverse effect of alleged or actual infringement on the intellectual property rights of third parties Risks related to financial and economic condition •We have a significant amount of outstanding debt •Provisions in our charter documents and debt agreements may impede or discourage a takeover •Adverse effects of changes in tax rates and additional tax liabilities •Our ability to use net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be limited by an ownership change •We are subject to risks and uncertainties of international trade, including foreign currency fluctuations •Potential adverse effects of existing or future accounting standards •Adverse effects of declines in consumer spending and changes in the economy General Risk Factors •Additional issuances or sales of equity securities by us would dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock •We are subject to risks related to corporate and social responsibility and reputation •Catastrophic events and climate change may have a long-term impact on our business •We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation •We are and may become involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes Risks relating to our business and industry The interactive entertainment software industry is highly competitive. We compete for both licenses to properties and the sale of interactive entertainment software with Sony and Microsoft, each of which is a large developer and marketer of software for its own platforms. We also compete with game publishers, such as Electronic Arts, Embracer Group, Epic Games, Microsoft, Nintendo, Playrix, Playtika, Roblox, Savvy Games, Sony, Tencent, and Ubisoft. We also face competition from online game developers and distributors who have primarily focused on specific international markets and with high-profile companies with significant online presences with new and expanded mobile gaming offerings, such as Apple, Google, and Microsoft. In addition, the gaming, technology/Internet, and entertainment industries have converged in recent years and larger, well-funded technology companies are pursuing and strengthening their interactive entertainment capabilities. As our business is dependent upon our ability to develop hit titles, which require increasing budgets for development and marketing, the availability of significant financial resources has become a major competitive factor in developing and marketing software games. Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, personnel, and other resources than we do and are able to finance larger budgets for development and marketing, make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties, adopt more aggressive pricing policies to develop more commercially successful video game products than we do, recruit our key creative and technical talent or otherwise disrupt our operations. Internationally, local competitors may have a greater brand recognition than us in their local country and 8 a stronger understanding of local culture and commerce. They may also offer their products and services in local languages we do not offer. Additionally, competitors may develop content that imitates or competes with our best-selling games, including by using AI to do so, potentially reducing our sales or our ability to charge the same prices we have historically charged for our products. These competing products may take a larger share of consumer spending than anticipated, which could cause our product sales to fall below expectations. Our titles also compete with other forms of entertainment, such as social media, in addition to motion pictures, television, short-form video, and audio and video products featuring similar themes, online computer programs and other entertainment, which may be less expensive or provide other advantages to consumers. A number of software publishers who compete with us have developed and commercialized or are currently developing online and mobile games. Technological advances, including advances in AI technology, that significantly increase the availability of online and mobile games could result in a decline in our platform-based software sales and negatively affect sales of such products. Other large companies that to date have not actively focused on mobile and social games may decide to develop mobile and social games or partner with other developers. Some of these current and potential competitors have significant resources for developing or acquiring additional games, may be able to incorporate their own strong brands and assets into their games, have a more diversified set of revenue sources than we do and may be less severely affected by changes in consumer preferences, regulations or other developments that may impact our industry. As there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop a mobile or online game, we expect new game competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to develop and market competing games and applications. We also compete or will compete with a vast number of small companies and individuals who are able to create and launch games and other content for devices and platforms using relatively limited resources, including AI resources, and with relatively limited start-up time or expertise. The proliferation of titles in these open developer channels makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from other developers and to compete for players without substantially increasing our marketing expenses and development costs. Increasing competition could result in loss of players, increasing player acquisition and retention costs, and loss of talent, all of which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, current and future competitors may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with others, including our current or future business partners or third-party software providers. By doing so, these competitors may increase their scale, their ability to meet the needs of existing or prospective players and compete for similar human capital. If we are unable to compete effectively, successfully and at a reasonable cost against our existing and future competitors, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely impacted. Additionally, we compete with other forms of entertainment and leisure activities. While we monitor general market conditions, significant shifts in consumer demand that could materially alter public preferences for different forms of entertainment and leisure activities are difficult to predict. Failure to adequately identify and adapt to these competitive pressures could have a negative impact on our business. The inability of our products to achieve significant market acceptance, the failure to retain existing players, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. New products may not achieve significant market acceptance, generate sufficient sales, or be introduced in a timely manner to permit us to recover development, manufacturing and marketing costs associated with these products. These products or enhancements may not be well-received by consumers, even if well-reviewed and of high quality. The life cycle of a console or PC title generally involves a relatively high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. Because sales associated with an initial product launch on console or PC generally constitute a high percentage of the total sales associated with the life of a product, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results and therefore cause our operating results to be materially different from our expectations. In addition, to retain players, we must devote significant resources so that players stay engaged, which could also result in attracting them to our other games. We might not succeed in our efforts to increase monetization rates, particularly if we are unable to retain our paying players. If we fail to grow or sustain the number of our paying players, if the rates at which we attract and retain paying players declines (whether due to financial hardship as a result of an economic downturn or for any other reason), or if the average amount our players pay declines, our financial results could be negatively affected. We are subject to product development risks which could result in delays and additional costs, and we must adapt to changes in software technologies. We depend on our internal development studios and third-party software developers to develop new interactive entertainment software within anticipated release schedules and cost projections. The development cycle for new titles generally ranges from 12 months or less for most mobile titles and annual console/PC sports releases, to multiple years for 9 certain of our top-selling titles. Therefore, our development costs can be substantial. If we or our third-party developers experience unanticipated development delays, financial difficulties, or additional costs, for example, as a result of unforeseen circumstances, we may not be able to release titles according to our schedule and at budgeted costs. There can be no assurance that our products will be sufficiently successful so that we can recoup these costs or make a profit on these products. For our products with live services, we are required to support continued development. There can be no assurance that these continued efforts will generate sufficient revenue to offset these costs. Additionally, in order to stay competitive, our internal development studios must anticipate and adapt to rapid technological changes affecting software development, such as cloud-based game streaming and AI technologies, and evolving business models, such as free-to-play and subscription-based access to a portfolio of interactive content. Rapid changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our products and services will be competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business and marketing strategies, technologies, distribution methods, products, and services. However, forecasting the financial impact of any such strategic investment is inherently uncertain and volatile. Supporting a new technology or business model, for example, may require partnering with a new platform, business, or technology partner, which may be on terms that are less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models. There can be no assurance that these strategic investments will achieve expected returns. Any inability to respond to technological advances and implement new technologies could render our products obsolete or less marketable. Further, the failure to pursue the development of new technology, platforms, or business models that obtain meaningful commercial success in a timely manner may negatively affect our business, resulting in increased production or development costs and more strenuous competition. We also may miss opportunities or fail to respond quickly enough to adopt technology or distribution methods or develop products, services, or new ways to engage with our games that become popular with consumers, which could adversely affect our financial results. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to those of our competitors, more expensive to create, less appealing to consumers, or all of the above. Our quarterly and annual operating results are dependent on the release of hit titles and therefore dependent on the timing of our product releases, which may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate significantly. We have experienced and may continue to experience wide fluctuations in quarterly operating results. The release of a hit title typically leads to a high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. In addition, the interactive entertainment industry is highly seasonal, with sales typically higher during the fourth calendar quarter, primarily due to increased demand for games during the holiday season. Demand for and sales of titles in our NBA 2K series are also seasonal in that they are typically released just prior to the start of the NBA season. If a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or interrupted, our sales might also suffer disproportionately. Our failure or inability to produce hit titles or introduce products on a timely basis to meet seasonal fluctuations in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The uncertainties associated with software development, manufacturing lead times, production delays and the approval process for products by hardware manufacturers and other licensors make it difficult to predict the quarter in which our products will ship and therefore may cause us to fail to meet financial expectations. We also expect that a relatively limited number of popular franchises will continue to produce a disproportionately high percentage of our revenues and profits. Due to this dependence on a limited number of franchises, the failure to achieve anticipated results by one or more products based on these franchises could negatively impact our business. Additionally, if the popularity of a franchise declines, as has happened in the past with other popular franchises, we may have to write off the unrecovered portion of the underlying intellectual property assets, which could negatively impact our business. We are dependent on the future success of our Grand Theft Auto products and other hit titles, and we must continue to publish hit titles or sequels to such hit titles in order to compete successfully in our industry. Grand Theft Auto and certain of our other titles, such as NBA 2K, are hit products and have historically accounted for a substantial portion of our revenue. Grand Theft Auto products contributed 12.4% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026, and the five best-selling franchises (including Grand Theft Auto), which may change year over year, in the aggregate accounted for 54.3% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026. If we fail to continue to develop and sell new commercially successful hit titles or sequels to such hit titles or experience any delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our hit titles or their sequels, our revenue and profits may decrease substantially, and we may incur losses. In addition, competition in our industry is intense and a relatively small number of hit titles account for a large portion of total revenue in our industry. Hit products offered by our competitors may take a larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products to fall below our expectations. If our competitors develop more successful products or services at lower price points or based on payment models perceived as offering better value, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high quality and well-received products and services, our revenue and profitability may decline. In addition, both the online and mobile games marketplaces are 10 characterized by frequent product introductions, relatively low barriers to entry, and new and evolving business methods, technologies and platforms for development. Widespread consumer adoption of these new platforms for games and other technological advances in and/or new business or payment models in online or mobile game offerings could negatively affect our sales of console and traditional PC products. The development, use, and incorporation of artificial intelligence (“AI”) into our products and within our industry may present operational, reputational, financial, and competition risks. The growth of AI technologies in our industry has influenced game production for developers and gaming experience for players. The use and incorporation of these technologies are in the early stages of wider-spread commercial use in our industry; this presents social and ethical issues that may result in legal and reputational harm and liability. Any integration of any AI technologies into our products or services may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, confidentiality or security risks, ethical concerns, negative user perceptions as to automation and AI, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. The AI regulatory landscape is evolving, and we may be required to dedicate additional operational and financial resources to ensure compliance with new legal requirements. For instance, the European Union ("E.U.") Artificial Intelligence Act entered into force in August 2024, with some provisions becoming enforceable between February 2025 and August 2027, subject to a likely delay of the Act's high-risk enforcement until December 2027. In the U.S., some states have enacted general purpose AI laws, while others have enacted use-case specific AI laws; other states may enact similar laws in the future, which will add complexity to our compliance efforts. This uncertainty may require additional investments in oversight and the development of protections and safeguards to ensure compliance, including to the extent any personal information is processed by such technologies. However, even with safeguards and oversight in place, the development and deployment of AI technologies may nevertheless pose risks. For example, our employees, contractors, vendors, or other partners may use AI tools in ways that are inconsistent with our policies or expectations, including by entering confidential, proprietary, personal, or regulated information into third-party AI services, and some AI providers may have limited operating histories or governance processes, any of which could compromise our information, expose us to legal or regulatory claims, or harm our reputation. Additionally, the data sets used to train the underlying models may be flawed, the AI tools may function in an unexpected manner, or generate biased, incorrect, or inappropriate content, which could negatively impact the performance or perception of our products and brand, incur regulatory scrutiny, or impose legal liability. Further, intellectual property ownership surrounding AI technologies has not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of third-party AI technologies into our products and services may result in exposure to claims of copyright infringement, other intellectual property misappropriation, or uncertainty regarding copyright ownership of AI-generated assets. While the impact of AI on our industry is still emerging and uncertain, to the extent our competitors successfully implement AI technologies into their products or services more effectively or efficiently than we do, are able to imitate or compete more easily with our products, or if we fail to anticipate and respond to changing industry standards or consumer demand, or experience delays in integrating these technologies into our operations, we may face significant risks to our competitive position, financial performance, and long-term growth prospects. Our business is subject to our ability to develop commercially successful products for the current video game platforms. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of products made for video game platforms manufactured by third parties, such as Sony's PlayStation consoles and Microsoft's Xbox consoles, which comprised 39.0% of our net revenue by product platform for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026. The success of our business is subject to the continued popularity of these platforms and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms. We also rely on the availability of an adequate supply of these video game consoles (which sometimes has been negatively affected by supply chain issues, and which has been and could be affected by an increase in tariffs or trade restrictions on component parts) and the continued support for these consoles by their manufacturers, including our ability to reach consumers via the online networks operated by these console manufacturers. Increased prices of these video game consoles could also lead to lower consumer demand. If the consoles for which we develop new software products or modify existing products do not attain significant consumer acceptance, or consumer demand for such products decreases, we may not be able to recover our development costs, which could be significant and may further incur expense to adjust our products and development efforts in response to changing consumer preferences. Historically, when next generation consoles are announced or introduced into the market, consumers have typically reduced their purchases of products for prior-generation consoles in anticipation of purchasing a next-generation console and products for that console. During these periods, sales of the products we publish may decline until new platforms achieve wide consumer acceptance. Console transitions may have a comparable impact on sales of downloadable content, amplifying the 11 impact on our revenues. This decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the next-generation consoles. In addition, as console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price reductions, and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on software prices. During console transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop and market new titles for prior-generation video game platforms, which may not sell at premium prices, and also in developing products for next-generation platforms, which may not generate immediate or near-term revenues. As a result, our business and operating results may be more volatile and difficult to predict during console transitions than during other times. Additionally, we derive a significant portion of our revenue from distribution of our games on the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, and the virtual items we sell in our games are purchased using the payment processing systems of these platform providers. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026, we derived 91.0% of our mobile revenue on Apple and Google platforms. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of third-party platforms, which govern the promotion, distribution, content and operation generally of games on the platform. Each platform provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A platform provider may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how we are able to advertise on the platform, change how the personal information of its users is made available to application developers on the platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes, or restrict how players can share information with their friends on the platform or across platforms. For example, in April 2021, Apple began requiring developers to get explicit permission from users, on an app-by-app basis, to use the identifier-for-advertisers, a device identifier assigned by Apple to each of its devices and used by advertisers to attribute app installs to advertising campaigns, target users through user acquisition, and deliver targeted ads. These requirements are known as Apple's AppTracking Transparency framework and have been maintained in subsequent versions of Apple iOS. Additionally, in February 2022, Google announced plans to make privacy-focused changes to its Android advertising identifiers after a two-year process, taking into account feedback from developers, regulators and other interested parties. Also, beginning January 2024, Google began requiring publishers and developers using certain Google advertising products to serve ads in the U.K. or E.U. to use a Google certified consent management platform. We continue to evaluate how these rules or changes may affect our business, operations and financial results. In addition, third-party platforms also impose certain file size limitations, which may limit the ability of players to download some of our larger games in over-the-air updates. Aside from these over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could cause players to delete our games once the file size grows beyond the capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the number of downloads of these games. The changes to the terms of use with third-party platforms described above may decrease the visibility or availability of our games, limit our distribution capabilities, prevent access to our existing games, reduce the amount of revenue and bookings we may recognize from in-game purchases, increase our costs to operate on these platforms or result in the exclusion or limitation of our games on such platforms. Any such changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, if we violate, or a platform provider believes we have violated, its terms of service (or if there is any change or deterioration in our relationship with these platform providers), that platform provider could limit or discontinue our access to the platform. A platform provider could also limit or discontinue our access to the platform if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that we are a competitor. Any limit or discontinuation of our access to any platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, obtaining and maintaining high ratings of our games on the third-party platforms on which we operate is important as they help drive players to find our games. If the ratings of any of our games decline or if we receive significant negative reviews that result in a decrease in our ratings, our games could be more difficult for players to find or recommend. In addition, we may be subject to negative review campaigns or defamation campaigns intended to harm our ratings. Any such decline may lead to loss of players and revenues, additional advertising and marketing costs, and reputational harm. We also rely on the continued popularity, customer adoption, and functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform providers have been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced issues with their in-app purchasing functionality. If either of these events recurs on a prolonged, or even short-term, basis or other similar issues arise that impact players’ ability to access our games, access social features or purchase a license to virtual items, our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation may be harmed. 12 We cannot publish our titles without the approval of hardware licensors that are also our competitors, and we rely on a limited number of channel partners, some of whom influence the fee structures for online distribution of our games on their platforms. We are required to obtain licenses from certain of our competitors, including Sony and Microsoft, to develop and publish titles for their respective hardware platforms. Our existing platform licenses require that we obtain approval for the publication of new titles on a title-by-title basis. As a result, the number of titles we are able to publish for these hardware platforms, our ability to manage the timing of the release of these titles, and, accordingly, our net revenue from titles for these hardware platforms, may be limited. If a licensor chooses not to renew or extend our license agreement at the end of its current term, or if a licensor were to terminate our license for any reason or does not approve one or more of our titles, we may be unable to publish that title as well as additional titles for that licensor's platform. During or following a console transition, like the one that occurred in 2020, hardware platform manufacturers may seek to change the terms governing our relationships with them. Termination of any such agreements or disapproval of titles could seriously hurt our business and prospects. We may be unable to continue to enter into license agreements for certain current generation platforms on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to enter into any such agreement could also seriously hurt our business. In addition, because our products compete with a vast array of other interactive entertainment software products that also are available on these hardware platforms, a hardware platform manufacturer may give priority to those competing products. In addition, platform providers, such as Sony and Microsoft, control the networks over which consumers purchase digital products and services for their platforms and through which we provide online game capabilities for our products. The control that these platform providers have over consumer access to our games, the fee structures and/or retail pricing for products and services for their platforms and online networks and the terms and conditions under which we do business with them could impact the availability of our products or the volume of purchases of our products made over their networks and our profitability. The networks provided by these platform providers are the exclusive means of selling and distributing our content on these platforms. If the platform provider establishes terms that restrict our offerings on its platform, significantly alters the financial terms on which these products or services are offered, or does not approve the inclusion of content on its platform, our business could be negatively impacted. Increased competition for digital “shelf space” has put channel partners in more favorable bargaining positions in relation to such terms of distribution. We also derive significant revenues from distribution on third‑party mobile and web platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, which are also our direct competitors and, in some cases, the exclusive means through which our content reaches gamers on those platforms, and most of the virtual currency we sell is purchased using these platform providers’ payment processing systems. Because of the significant use of our games on mobile devices, our application must remain interoperable with these and other popular mobile app stores and platforms, and related hardware. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of these platforms. These policies and terms of service govern the availability, promotion, distribution, content, and operation of applications and experiences on such platforms. Each provider of these platforms has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies with respect to our games and those changes may be unfavorable to us. If these platforms deny access to our games, or modify their current discovery mechanisms, communication channels available to developers, operating systems, or other policies and terms of service (including fees), our business could be negatively impacted. For example, at any time, the platform providers can change their policies on how we operate on their operating system or in their application stores by applying content moderation for applications and advertising or imposing technical or code requirements. In addition, certain requirements related to content classification, age-rating and age-based access or restrictions to our games or certain features in our games, imposed by major third-party platforms, reflect how platforms are responding to evolving children's protection and online safety regulations globally. Such requirements may affect how our games are classified, distributed, accessed or presented on these platforms. These actions by the platform providers may affect our ability to collect, process, and use data as desired and could negatively impact our ability to leverage data about the experiences our games provide to players, which in turn could impact our resource planning and feature development planning for our products. These platform providers or their services may be unavailable, may not function as intended, or may experience issues with their in‑app purchasing functionality. Some of these platforms have retained the right to change the fee structures for online distribution of both paid content and free content (including patches and corrections), and their ability to set or influence commission rates and service fees may increase our costs, which could negatively affect our operating margins. Additionally, to the extent we process payments directly or through third-party payment processors outside these platform billing systems, interruptions, fraud, chargebacks, card-network requirements, processor security incidents, additional authentication requirements, or termination of payment-processing services could impair our ability to complete transactions, increase costs, reduce approval rates, harm player trust, and adversely affect our financial results. Further, if we are unable to distribute our content in a cost-effective or profitable manner through such distribution channels, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. There is no guarantee that new devices, platforms, systems and software application stores will continue to support our games 13 or that we will be able to maintain the same level of service on these new systems. If it becomes more difficult for our players to access and engage with our games, our business and player retention, growth, and engagement could be significantly harmed. We rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption or cyberattack could have a negative impact on our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within Take-Two and some of which are managed or hosted by third-party providers. The supply chain of hardware needed to maintain this technological infrastructure has been disrupted in the past, and geopolitical events, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the war in the Middle East, and any indirect effects of such events may further complicate existing supply chain constraints. All information technology systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to cyberattacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security breaches, insider threats, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication or other critical infrastructure failures. We securely store the source code for our interactive entertainment software products as it is created. A breach, whether physical, electronic, or otherwise, of the systems on which such source code and other sensitive data are stored could lead to damage to or piracy of our software. In addition, certain parties with whom we do business are given access to our sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support our team. These third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. A data intrusion into a server for a game with online features or for our proprietary online gaming service could al
