=== DELL_2026-03-16.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A — RISK FACTORS Our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects are subject to a variety of significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of material risk factors that may cause our actual results in future periods to differ substantially from those we currently expect or seek. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. There are additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that also may materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry Adverse global economic conditions may harm our business and result in reduced net revenue and profitability. As a global company with customers operating in a broad range of businesses and industries, our performance is affected by global and regional economic conditions and the demand for technology products and services in international markets. Adverse economic conditions may negatively affect customer demand, and could result in postponed or decreased spending amid customer concerns over elevated inflation and interest rates or slowing demand for our products, reduced asset values, volatile energy costs, the availability and cost of credit, and the stability of financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, local and state governments, and sovereign nations. Factors contributing to weak or unstable global or regional economic conditions, including those attributable to geopolitical volatility associated with terrorism, military conflicts (including the Iran conflict), and other events, extreme weather (such as wildfires or flooding), international trade protection measures and disputes, or public health issues, also could harm our business by contributing to product shortages or delays, supply chain disruptions, insolvency of key suppliers, customers and counterparties, increased product costs and associated price increases, reduced global sales, and other adverse effects on our operations. Such effects in the past have had, and in future periods could have, a negative impact on our net revenue and profitability. Trade policies and disputes could result in increased tariffs and other trade restrictions and protectionist measures, which could increase our manufacturing costs, increase prices of and reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, hamper our procurement of components or raw materials, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. Competitive pressures may adversely affect our industry unit share position, revenue, and profitability. We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings, including AI, cloud, and security-related offerings. Our ability to respond to such advances and to develop new or improved offerings is critical to our continued success. We face aggressive competition from a variety of competitors in all areas of our business, including companies that specialize in one or more of our product or service lines. Our competitors may provide offerings that are less costly, perform better, or include additional features. Further, our offering portfolios may quickly become outdated or our market share may rapidly erode. Our efforts to balance the mix of products and services to optimize profitability, liquidity, and growth may put pressure on our industry position. If we do not successfully adapt to industry developments and changing demand, and evolve our business to keep pace with the demands of current and prospective customers, we may be unable to develop and maintain a competitive advantage, which would adversely affect our unit share position, revenue, and profitability. In addition, companies with which we have strategic alliances may become competitors in other product areas, or current competitors may enter into new strategic relationships with new or existing competitors, all of which may further increase competitive pressures. 16 Table of Contents The operating results of our business units may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully execute our strategy and related initiatives. We pursue a strategy of providing broad and innovative technology solutions for the data and artificial intelligence era and being at the forefront of AI, software-defined, and cloud native infrastructure solutions. To successfully execute our strategy, we must continue to improve cost structures, optimize sales coverage, improve channel execution, manage the increasingly difficult tasks of inventory management and demand forecasting, and strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, while continuing to achieve product innovation that builds on our strategic capabilities in areas such as edge computing, hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, data center networking, network security, and high-performance computing. The operating results of our business units may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully execute our strategy and related initiatives. We are organized into two business units consisting of ISG and CSG that are each important components of our strategy. ISG offers a portfolio of storage, server, and networking solutions, including AI-optimized technologies, and faces intense competition from existing on-premises competitors and increasing competitive pressures from Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers. Accordingly, we expect we will be required to make additional investments to address such competitive pressures and drive future growth. Such pressures could result in the erosion of revenue and operating income and negatively affect ISG’s results of operations. To address industry trends, we have developed and continue to develop traditional, converged, and hyper-converged infrastructure solutions as well as AI-optimized products and solutions. ISG’s results of operations could be adversely affected if such products and solutions are not adopted by our customers or potential customers, or if customers move rapidly to adopt public cloud solutions. CSG largely relies on sales of notebooks, desktops, and workstations. Revenue from CSG absorbs our overhead costs and provides for scaled procurement. CSG faces risks and uncertainties from fundamental changes in the personal computer market, including a decline in worldwide revenues for notebooks, desktops, and workstations, and lower shipment forecasts for these products due to a general lengthening of the replacement cycle. Reduced demand for PC products or a significant increase in competition could cause our operating income to fluctuate and adversely impact CSG’s results of operations. Our relationships with our product and component vendors could harm our business by adversely affecting product availability, delivery, reliability, and cost. Our reliance on vendors subjects us to a greater risk of shortages and reduced control over delivery schedules of components and products, as well as a greater risk of increases in product and component costs. We obtain many products and all of our components from third-party vendors, many of which are located outside of the United States. In addition, significant portions of our products are assembled by contract manufacturers, primarily in locations in Asia. A significant concentration of such outsourced manufacturing is performed by only a few contract manufacturers, often in single locations. We sell components to these contract manufacturers and generate large non-trade accounts receivables, an arrangement that would present a risk of uncollectibility if the financial condition of a contract manufacturer should deteriorate. We may experience additional supply shortages and price increases caused by changes to raw material availability, increased demand, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, public health issues, tariffs, trade disputes and protectionist measures, extreme weather events or effects of climate change, and significant changes in the financial condition of our suppliers. Because we generally maintain minimal levels of component and product inventories, a disruption in component or product availability could harm our ability to fill customer orders on a timely basis and at an acceptable price. The impact of supply constraints on our operations may be more acute during periods of rapid growth in demand for new products and services, such as the current demand for AI-optimized solutions. We may receive defective parts and products from vendors, which could require the replacement of such parts and products and expose us to reputational harm. Our profitability is affected by our ability to achieve favorable pricing from vendors and contract manufacturers, including through negotiations for vendor rebates, marketing funds, and other vendor funding received in the normal course of business. Because these supplier negotiations are continual and reflect the evolving competitive environment, the variability in timing and amount of incremental vendor discounts and rebates affects our profitability. The vendor programs change periodically, and changes in our business may result in increased reliance on vendors with less favorable pricing terms, potentially resulting in adverse profitability trends if we cannot adjust pricing or variable costs. An inability to establish a cost and product advantage, or determine alternative means to deliver value to customers, may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 17 Table of Contents Our use of single-source or limited-source suppliers may adversely affect the availability or timely delivery of some critical products or components. We maintain several single-source or limited-source supplier relationships, including relationships with third-party software providers, either because multiple sources are not readily available or because the relationships are advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. A delay in the supply of a critical single- or limited-source product or component may prevent the timely shipment of the related product in desired quantities or configurations. In addition, we may not be able to replace the functionality provided by third-party software currently offered with our products if that software becomes obsolete, defective, or incompatible with future product versions or is not adequately maintained or updated. Even where multiple sources of supply are available, qualification of the alternative suppliers and establishment of reliable supplies could result in delays and a possible loss of sales, which could harm our operating results. The nature of the demand for AI solutions may have adverse effects on our operating performance. While we expect the buyer base for our AI solutions to continue to expand, to date our AI solutions have been purchased primarily by a small number of larger customers and cloud service providers. If we are not successful in continuing to expand sales to a broader base of customers, our ability to maintain growth in this area may be limited. Sales of AI to large customers may also cause fluctuations in our results of operations, as such large orders may occur in some periods and not others and are generally subject to intense competition and pricing pressure, which can have an impact on our gross margins and results of operations. Larger orders may also require greater commitments of working capital, such as for purchases of key components, which could adversely affect our cash flow and expose us to the risk of holding excess and obsolete inventory due to delays or cancellations. These transactions may also involve larger amounts of credit or longer payment terms than have been typical for our business, increasing our risks in the event customers do not pay or make timely payment, particularly where our payment terms with major suppliers of underlying components differ from the payment terms of our customers. In addition, the accelerated rate of innovation of components from our suppliers may result in higher defects or failure of our offerings to perform, which could cause us to incur increased warranty costs, inventory provisions or impairments and could impact future sales. Risks associated with management of our AI solutions and use of AI in our internal functions and operations could result in reputational harm, legal liability, and other adverse effects on our business. The use of AI in our products, services, and internal processes presents ethical and legal risks to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience loss of user trust, as well as brand or reputational harm, competitive injury, or legal liability. The use of AI technologies also could expose us to an increased risk of cybersecurity threats and incidents and claims or other adverse effects from infringements or violations of intellectual property rights, including claims related to AI technologies considered to have similarities to other AI technologies. Our use of such technologies could increase the risk of exposure of our or other parties’ proprietary confidential information, or other confidential or sensitive information, to unauthorized recipients, including inadvertent disclosure of confidential or sensitive information into publicly available third-party training data, and may affect our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain, protect and enforce, our intellectual property or confidential information. Such risks related to the use of AI could, whether directly or indirectly, harm our results of operations, competitive position, and business. AI is the subject of evolving review by various domestic and international governmental and regulatory agencies, and laws, rules, directives and regulations governing the use of AI are rapidly proliferating and evolving. We may not always be able to anticipate how to respond to these legal frameworks for AI use and we may have to expend resources to adjust or audit our products, services, and internal use in certain jurisdictions, especially if the legal frameworks are not consistent across jurisdictions. In particular, use of personal data in foundational models and intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI output, have not been fully interpreted by courts or regulations. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, rules, directives, and regulations governing the use of AI could have an adverse impact on our business, including by impairing our ability to claim intellectual property ownership and license rights on content or source code that we create using AI. 18 Table of Contents Failure to deliver high-quality products, software, and services, or to manage solutions and product and services transitions in an effective manner, could reduce demand and negatively affect the profitability of our operations. We must identify and address quality issues associated with our products, software, and services, many of which include third-party components. Although quality testing is performed regularly to detect quality problems and implement required solutions, failure to identify and correct significant product quality issues before the sale or shipment of such products to customers could result in lower sales, increased warranty or replacement expenses, and reduced customer confidence, which could harm our operating results. In addition, continuing improvements in technology, and the development of new technology, result in the frequent introduction of new solutions, products, and services, improvements in product performance characteristics, and short product life cycles. If we fail to effectively manage transitions to new solutions and offerings, the products and services associated with such offerings and customer demand for our solutions, products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could suffer. We frequently source new products and transition existing products through our contract manufacturers and manufacturing outsourcing relationships to generate cost efficiencies and better serve our customers. The success of product transitions depends on various factors that include the availability of sufficient quantities of components at an acceptable cost. Product transitions also present execution uncertainties and risks, including the risk that new or upgraded products may have quality problems or other defects. Failure to successfully implement our cost efficiency plans may negatively affect our future results. We continue to make significant changes to modernize the way we work and make decisions, improve business outcomes and the customer experience, and reduce costs by leveraging new technology and optimizing business processes. We are pursuing disciplined cost management in coordination with our ongoing business modernization initiatives and will continue to take certain measures to reduce costs, including employee reorganizations, limitation of external hiring, and other actions to align our investments with our strategic priorities and customer needs. As a result of these actions, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, diminished employee productivity, disruptions to our operations, and operational inefficiencies during transitional periods. These actions could also negatively impact employee retention. We may experience delays or unanticipated costs in implementing our cost efficiency plans, which could prevent the timely or full achievement of expected cost efficiencies and adversely affect our competitive position and results of operations. Security incidents, including cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations and result in the compromise of networks, systems, and assets, and the breach or loss of proprietary, personal, or confidential information of our company or of our workforce, customers, partners, or third parties. We routinely receive, collect, manage, store, transmit, and process large amounts of proprietary information and confidential data, including personally identifiable and other sensitive information, relating to our operations, products, partners, vendors, and customers. We face numerous sophisticated and evolving cyber threats of significant scale, volume, severity, and complexity, including threats specifically designed for or directly targeted at us, making it increasingly difficult to defend against security incidents successfully or to implement adequate preventative measures. Our cybersecurity program may not always successfully manage or mitigate the effects of these risks. Future cyber-attacks or incidents, such as some of those we have experienced in the past, could persist undetected in our environments for a period of time. Despite our cybersecurity governance and investment in controls and security measures, threat actors, including nation states and state-sponsored organizations, pose a significant risk of penetrating or bypassing our security defenses, including by utilizing insider threat tactics, deploying AI tools against our defenses, breaching our information technology systems, and misappropriating or compromising confidential and proprietary information of our company, partners, vendors, or customers, causing system disruptions and shutdowns, introducing ransomware, malware, or vulnerabilities into our products, systems, and networks or those of our customers, partners or vendors, or accessing systems and networks of our customers, partners or vendors through connectivity to or credentials taken from our network. In some cases, these incidents, which are common in our industry for companies of our size, have resulted in successful attacks on our IT environments. 19 Table of Contents We are targeted by criminal and other threat actors that conduct cyber-attacks of our systems and networks on an ongoing basis. We have experienced cyber-attacks that leveraged compromised credentials of our partners, vendors, employees, and customers to gain unauthorized access to Dell Technologies, partner, and vendor systems and confidential information, including information about our customers, employees, and partners. These incidents have caused, and may in the future cause, disruption to parts of our business operations, and to the environments and operations of our partners, vendors, and customers, and such incidents could result in regulatory, investigative, recovery, remediation, contractual, and litigation expenses. We anticipate that our systems, networks, and employees will continue to be targeted by criminal and other threat actors with increasing frequency and potential harm. We expect attacks by nation state actors and their agents to intensify during periods of geopolitical conflict. We also expect threat tactics leveraging AI to increase as AI technology availability and capability expand. The costs to address cybersecurity risks, both before and after a security incident, could be significant, regardless of whether incidents result from an attack on us directly, on customers we service, or on partners or third-party vendors upon which we rely. The costs associated with cybersecurity tools and infrastructure and competition for scarce cybersecurity and IT resources have at times limited, and in the future may limit, our ability to identify, eliminate, or remediate cybersecurity or other security vulnerabilities or problems or enact changes to minimize the attack surface of our network. In addition, our customers, partners, and vendors continue to experience security incidents of varying severity and attack methods. These parties may possess or transmit our proprietary information and confidential data, including personal data, credentials, tokens, access keys, and other sensitive information, which may be exfiltrated if they are affected by a security incident. Targeted cyber-attacks or those that result from a security incident directed at a partner or third-party vendor create a risk of compromise to our internal systems, products, services, and offerings, as well as the systems of our customers, which could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service that could disrupt business operations for us, our partners and vendors, and our customers. Our proactive measures and remediation efforts may not always be successful or timely. In addition, compromises of our security measures, including through the use and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us, our customers, partners or other third parties, could impair our intellectual property rights and expose us, our customers, partners, or such other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of such information or data. Any such incidents could subject us to government investigations and regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, potential liability, and damage to our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business and operations. Hardware, software, and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other deficiencies, including security vulnerabilities that could interfere with the operation or security of our products, services, and offerings. In the event of a security vulnerability or other flaws in third-party components or software code, we may have to rely on multiple third parties to mitigate vulnerabilities. The mitigation techniques they deploy may be ineffective or result in adverse performance, system instability, or data loss, and may not always be available, or available on a timely basis. Further, our use of AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, may make us susceptible to unanticipated security threats from adversaries as we incorporate such technologies into our internal systems, customer-facing services and products, while our understanding of AI-related security risks and protection methods continue to develop. Any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services, or those of third-party products we sell or in the open-source software or AI models we utilize, could lead to loss of existing or potential customers, and may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, outsourcing services, information technology solutions, and other critical functions and offerings. Failure to comply with internal security policies and standards, including secure development lifecycle practices, or to prevent or promptly mitigate security vulnerabilities in our products and offerings may adversely affect our brand and reputation, impact our ability to sell products in certain jurisdictions, and subject us to government investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, and potential liability resulting from our inability to fulfill our contractual obligations to our customers and partners. As a global enterprise, we face compliance risks under a significant and increasing number of laws and regulations in the United States, the European Union, China, and numerous other jurisdictions relating to cybersecurity, product security, software supply chain security and AI, and the collection, use, residency, transfer, and protection of data. Such laws and regulations continue to evolve, may be applied differently in different jurisdictions, and could result in increased costs in the event of a significant disruption of our operations, data or privacy breach, loss, or other compromise of proprietary or confidential information as a result of a cyber-attack or insider activity. It is likely that in some cases, we will fail to comply with such requirements, and any such non-compliance could adversely affect our ability to conduct business or sell our products or offerings in a specific jurisdiction or result in fines or penalties that could negatively affect our financial results. 20 Table of Contents Our ability to generate substantial non-U.S. net revenue is subject to additional risks and uncertainties. Sales outside the United States accounted for approximately 45% of our consolidated net revenue for Fiscal 2026. Our future growth rates and success are substantially dependent on the continued growth of our business outside of the United States. Our international operations face many risks and uncertainties, including varied local economic and labor conditions; political instability; public health issues; changes in the U.S. and international regulatory environments; the impacts of trade protection measures, including increases in tariffs and trade barriers, and other changes in international trade arrangements that could adversely affect our ability to conduct business in non-U.S. markets; changes in tax laws; potential theft or other compromise, and limited or unfavorable protection, of our technology, data, or intellectual property; copyright levies; and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. We could incur additional operating costs, or sustain supply chain disruptions, due to any such changes. Any of these factors could negatively affect our international business results and growth prospects. Our profitability may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services, customers, or geographic sales, and by seasonal sales trends. Our overall profitability for any period may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services, customers, or geographic markets reflected in sales for that period, and by seasonal trends. Profit margins vary among products, services, customers, and geographic markets. In addition, parts of our business are subject to seasonal sales trends. Within ISG, our storage sales are typically stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter. Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, while our sales in EMEA are typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter. Seasonality in our business may change over time. We may lose revenue opportunities and experience gross margin pressure if sales channel participants fail to perform as expected. We rely on value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers as sales channels to complement our direct sales organization. Our future operating results depend on the performance of sales channel participants and on our success in maintaining and developing these relationships. Our revenue and gross margins could be negatively affected if the financial condition or operations of channel participants weaken as a result of adverse economic conditions or other business challenges, or if uncertainty regarding the demand for our products causes channel participants to reduce their orders for these products. Further, channel participants may consider our direct sales initiatives to conflict with their business interests, which could lead them to reduce their investment in the distribution and sale of such products, or to cease all sales of our products. Strategic acquisitions and dispositions we pursue may require us to incur costs and expose us to liabilities that could harm our business and adversely affect our financial performance. We may make additional strategic acquisitions of other companies as part of our growth strategy. These transactions may fail to generate a financial return sufficient to offset acquisition costs. We could experience unforeseen operating difficulties in integrating the businesses, technologies, services, products, personnel, or operations of acquired companies, especially if we are unable to retain the key personnel of an acquired company. Acquisitions may result in a delay or reduction of sales because of customer uncertainty and may disrupt our existing business by di

=== DELL_2026-06-09.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A — Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2026 could materially affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. The risks described in such Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent SEC reports are not the only risks facing us. There are additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that also may materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. ITEM 2 — UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Purchases of Equity Securities The following table presents information with respect to our purchases of Class C Common Stock during the first quarter of Fiscal 2027: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (in millions, except per share amounts) Repurchases from January 31, 2026 to February 27, 2026 5.2 $ 119.98 5.2 $ 15,179 Repurchases from February 28, 2026 to March 27, 2026 3.1 $ 152.39 3.1 $ 14,708 Repurchases from March 28, 2026 to May 1, 2026 2.7 $ 193.07 2.7 $ 14,181 Total 11.0 11.0 This table excludes U.S. federal excise taxes and shares withheld from stock awards to settle employee withholding obligations related to the vesting of such awards. On September 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved our current stock repurchase program with no fixed expiration date under which we may repurchase a specified dollar value of Class C Common Stock, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses related to such repurchases. As of January 30, 2026, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $20 billion of Class C Common Stock and, on February 26, 2026, authorized an additional $10 billion of Class C Common Stock for repurchase. Following the February 26, 2026 approval, we had approximately $15.2 billion of authorized shares remaining for repurchase under the program. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about the stock repurchase program. 70 Table of Contents ITEM 5 — OTHER INFORMATION On March 10, 2026 , Richard J. Rothberg , our General Counsel , adopted a written plan for the sale of up to 45,000 shares of the Company’s Class C Common Stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The plan will expire on June 30, 2026 , or on any earlier date on which all of the shares have been sold. On March 24, 2026 , Lynn M. Vojvodich , one of the Company’s director s, adopted a written plan for the sale of up to 28,198 shares of the Company’s Class C Common Stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The plan will expire on March 5, 2027 , or on any earlier date on which all of the shares have been sold. 71 Table of Contents ITEM 6 — EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 4.1† Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 1 7 , 202 6 , among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. 10.1†* Form of Special Incentive Program Cash Award Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan 10.2†* Form of Growth Equity Program Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan 22.1† List of Guarantor Subsidiaries and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 31.1† Certification of Michael S. Dell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2† Certification of David Kennedy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1†† Certifications of Michael S. Dell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and David Kennedy, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 .INS† XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101 .SCH† Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101 .CAL† Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101 .DEF† Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101 .LAB† Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101 .PRE† Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101) † Filed with this report. †† Furnished with this report. * Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers participate. 72 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC. By: /s/ RICHARD TROY SHARP Richard Troy Sharp Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and Chief Accounting Officer (On behalf of registrant and as principal accounting officer) Dat e: June 9, 2026 73 