=== IVZ_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A DEF 14A false 0000914208 0000914208 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000914208 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000914208 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000914208 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrFlanaganMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrFlanaganMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrFlanaganMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000914208 2025-12-31 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember ivz:MrSchlossbergMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000914208 ivz:MrFlanaganMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 240.14a-12 Invesco Ltd. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Proxy Statement Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Notice of 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders DATE Thursday May 21, 2026 TIME 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time PLACE Virtual Meeting www.meetnow.global/ MMQAAHL For details on how to participate in the virtual meeting, see How do I attend the Annual General Meeting on page 89. RECORD DATE March 16, 2026 Voting methods Visit the web site listed on your Notice Call the telephone number listed on your Notice Sign, date and return a requested proxy card Attend the virtual Annual General Meeting Who can vote Only holders of record of Invesco Ltd. common shares on March 16, 2026 are entitled to notice of, to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Beginning on April 2, 2026, we mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials ( Notice ) containing instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report via the Internet to eligible shareholders. During the Annual General Meeting, the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 of the company will be presented. Your vote is important, and we encourage you to vote promptly, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual General Meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, Jeffrey H. Kupor Company Secretary April 2, 2026 Voting matters At or before the 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, we ask that you vote on the following items. Items of business Board voting recommendation To elect eleven (11) directors to the Board of Directors to hold office until the annual general meeting of shareholders in 2027 To hold an advisory vote to approve the compensation paid to our named executive officers To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 To amend the company s Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws to allow shareholders to remove a director with or without cause. To consider and act upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof 2026 Proxy Statement i 1935 About Invesco At Invesco, we seek to drive sustainable profitable growth by delivering capabilities that build enduring relationships and create better outcomes for our clients. We believe we have an advantageous position globally as a diversified, client-centric asset manager and a strategy to deliver for our shareholders. The firm s strategic priorities are aligned with four key long-term themes that are designed to sharpen our focus on clients needs, further strengthen our business over time and help ensure our long-term success: Invesco was founded in and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia $2.2 trillion 1 in assets under management inclusive of both retail and institutional investors Approximately 7,500 1 employees to better serve our clients 120+ countries where we service our clients 20+ countries where we are on the ground to leverage local presence Deliver the excellence our clients expect Achieve strong, long-term investment performance. Deliver a quality investment process and a frictionless experience with superior engagement. Provide a holistic value proposition including advice and solutions to help our clients best manage their portfolios and succeed with their own clients. Grow high demand investment offerings Prioritize the intersection of market size, secular change, and Invesco s unique position to drive growth in the highest opportunity regions. Grow high demand private markets capabilities leveraging our strong retail channel and expanding investment strategies and partnerships. Drive profitable organic growth, emphasizing high demand, scalable investment capabilities, and delivery vehicles. Create an environment where talented people thrive Attract and develop high performing, diverse talent with skills aligned to deliver against business outcomes. Create an inclusive and engaging culture that values diversity of thought which enables us to work as one team to deliver better outcomes. Act like owners for all stakeholders Harness innovation including AI to utilize next generation technology across all aspects of the business. Strengthen financial flexibility emphasizing operating leverage. Focus on meeting clients needs and operating effectively and efficiently. 1. Data as of December 31, 2025. ii Invesco Ltd. A LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE Chair of Our Board G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. has served as Chair of our Board since 2019 and as a non-executive director of our company since 2013 Dear Fellow Shareholder, The Invesco Ltd. Board of Directors recognizes the trust you place in us as stewards of your investment in the company. The Board remains focused on overseeing management s execution of the firm s long-term strategy to deliver strong outcomes for our clients, favorable returns for our shareholders, a positive workplace environment for our employees, and the long-term success of the business. Throughout 2025, the Board worked closely with management to provide active oversight as Invesco took meaningful actions to advance its strategic priorities amid ongoing change across the global asset management industry. We were encouraged by the firm s disciplined execution, continued refinement of its operating model, significant strengthening of the balance sheet, and focus on simplifying the organization while investing in areas of highest client demand. These efforts contributed to further strengthening Invesco s operating and financial profile, enhancing client outcomes, and supporting a culture in which employees can thrive. The Board remains confident in Invesco s strategy, leadership team, and diversified global platform. We believe the firm is well positioned to navigate evolving market conditions and capitalize on long-term opportunities across public and private markets, geographies, and distribution channels. As we look ahead to 2026, the Board will continue to prioritize strong governance, thoughtful capital allocation, and effective risk oversight as Invesco builds on the progress achieved and focuses on sustained value creation for all stakeholders. On behalf of the Invesco Board of Directors, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Chair 2026 Proxy Statement iii A LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS FROM THE President and CEO Andrew Schlossberg has been President and Chief Executive Officer of our company and a director since 2023 Dear Fellow Shareholder, 1 2025 was a breakthrough year for Invesco, with major accomplishments across every part of our strategy. We started the year with clear ambitions: sharpen our focus on strategic priorities, strengthen our balance sheet, accelerate growth in our highest-opportunity businesses, and deliver meaningful value to our clients and shareholders. The significant advancements we made demonstrate the strength of Invesco s integrated global platform, our emphasis on investment performance and quality, and a continued focus on client needs. Executing with discipline across our strategic priorities The pace of execution across our multi-year strategy continues to accelerate, driving growth while maintaining strong operating and financial discipline. Our efforts to simplify the organization, strengthen financial flexibility, and invest in priority capabilities are enhancing investment excellence, enabling a more seamless client experience, and expanding growth opportunities globally. These actions contributed to Invesco delivering the highest TSR among our TSR Peer Group 2 in 2025. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet, which allowed us to accelerate investment in the growth of our business and increased our capacity to return capital to shareholders. We continued to streamline the business and reallocate resources toward high-opportunity areas, including the sale of intelliflo and the establishment of a joint venture in India to support long-term growth opportunities. We also accelerated the transformation of our investment platform by moving to a hybrid approach, which will integrate the strengths of Alpha and Aladdin. When completed, this will simplify our investment infrastructure, improve efficiency and enhance performance delivery. In addition, the modernization of the Invesco QQQ Trust converted over $400 billion of AUM into long-term revenue-earning AUM while lowering fees for shareholders. iv Invesco Ltd. Across these efforts, disciplined focus and execution remain central. We have set clear strategic priorities and we are delivering. Driving growth in high-opportunity areas We continued to strengthen our competitive position in key asset classes and markets, reflecting the diversity and breadth of our product offering and leveraging our deep local presence and expertise in markets around the world. We enhanced our ability to drive future growth of our $130 billion Private Markets platform by forming strategic partnerships with Barings and LGT Capital Partners that include capital they or their affiliates will bring to fund joint product development. With plans to further broaden our private credit and multi-asset private markets offerings, we demonstrated impressive speed. We brought to market our first jointly managed U.S. wealth private credit strategy with Barings just a few months after forming the strategic partnership. We strengthened our position as the fourth largest ETF provider globally, reaching a record AUM of $1 trillion in ETFs and index strategies, including the QQQ. ETFs and Index Investments were the single largest contributor to our organic AUM growth, delivering substantial net long-term inflows that outpaced peers in 2025. We saw strong momentum across Asia Pacific and EMEA, where combined revenue grew at double-digit rates. In Asia Pacific, we achieved nearly $35 billion in net long-term flows, and our China joint venture reached a record $132 billion in AUM with strong retail and institutional inflows. Focus on investment quality and client success A top priority for Invesco is to deliver industry-leading investment performance by harnessing the strengths of our global platform and ensuring clients benefit from the full depth of our capabilities. Delivering best-in-class client experiences with strong investment capabilities requires continuous adaptation to evolving market dynamics and areas of opportunity. During the year, we strengthened our investment platform to enhance consistency, collaboration, and risk oversight across investment capabilities and regions. We further simplified and strengthened our Fundamental Equity capabilities under unified leadership, fostering greater collaboration across teams, more effective use of regional expertise, and the integration of global and local insights. We also advanced our global investment risk and performance framework, strengthening governance, transparency, and accountability across teams. This included leadership alignment across asset classes, improved counterparty and liquidity oversight, and full implementation of a consistent Investment Quality Review process to support disciplined decision-making and performance excellence. Across these initiatives, our focus remains on delivering high-quality, consistent investment outcomes and a seamless client experience supported by strong governance, disciplined risk management, and a global platform designed to meet the evolving needs of our clients. Financial and operating discipline A central focus for enhancing financial strength and flexibility was recapitalizing the balance sheet. We materially reduced leverage and increased earnings available to common shareholders with the repurchase of $1.5 billion of otherwise non-callable preferred stock using a combination of cash and floating rate, prepayable financing. These efforts create a path for further deleveraging, along with the potential for future preferred share repurchases. We will continue to manage our leverage profile while investing in our business and returning capital to shareholders. Net revenues 3 increased six percent compared with the prior year, supported by continued business momentum and strong client demand across key capabilities. This, combined with measured expense discipline, drove meaningful positive operating leverage that resulted in adjusted operating margin 3 improvement of 230 basis points. This improvement contributed to a 14 percent increase in adjusted operating income 3 for the year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share 3 increased 19 percent year-over-year, underscoring the benefits of both improved operating leverage and the firm s strengthened capital position. In addition, strong client engagement drove more than $80 billion in net long-term inflows during the year, representing six percent organic growth. The inflows, combined with positive markets and strategic business actions, resulted in total assets under management at a record $2.2 trillion by year end. These improvements position Invesco to continue generating durable long-term value while maintaining the financial flexibility necessary to invest in growth and increase returns to shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement v Accelerating innovation At Invesco, innovation is not a standalone initiative it is a core capability that shapes how we operate and how we serve our clients. We are investing in the tools and talent needed to stay ahead of the curve while acting responsibly on behalf of our investors and clients. We continue to accelerate innovation across the organization. We focused on product development, designing solutions that anticipate evolving client needs; as well as strategic partnerships that bring complementary capabilities to our platform. We are also implementing forward-looking investment strategies that leverage global research, data, and insights. We are deploying advanced AI tools that enhance productivity, improve client engagement, and accelerate operational efficiency across the firm. Creating an environment where talent thrives Our long-term success depends on the strength of our people. In 2025, we intensified our focus on creating an environment where talented people can thrive and belong. We are committed to advancing leadership capabilities across the organization, ensuring our leaders have the skills and tools needed to guide teams through transformation, and drive long-term value. We also continue to invest heavily in the development of talent at all levels, supporting continuous growth and career mobility across our global teams. Strengthening the engagement, well-being, and a culture of diversity and inclusion of our workforce remains central to our strategy. We believe an employee base with different backgrounds, experiences and viewpoints fuels innovation, strengthens decision-making, and improves client outcomes. We are committed to building an inclusive culture where every individual feels valued, supported, and empowered to contribute fully. Looking ahead with confidence Invesco is stronger, more resilient, and more strategically focused following a year of major accomplishments. We enter 2026 with momentum across our major growth areas, a simplified operating model, and a firmwide commitment to disciplined execution. We remain committed to delivering value to you, our shareholders, and we thank you for your support and long-term partnership. Sincerely, Andrew Schlossberg President and Chief Executive Officer, Invesco 1. All AUM numbers and other data included in this letter are as of December 31, 2025 2. See page 64 for listing. 3. Represents or includes non-GAAP financial measures. See the information in Appendix A regarding non-GAAP financial measures. vi Invesco Ltd. Frequently requested information Board oversight 26 Cyber Security 28 Board skills and matrix 10 Pay vs. performance 78 Stock ownership guidelines for NEDs 20 Stock ownership guidelines for NEOs 67 Contents Proxy Statement summary 1 Proposal No. 1 Election of directors 8 Board of Directors 11 Nominee biographies 11 Director independence 17 Board meetings and annual general meeting of shareholders 17 Service on other public company boards 17 Committee membership and meetings 17 The Audit Committee 18 The Compensation Committee 18 The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee 19 Director compensation 19 Corporate governance 22 Corporate governance guidelines 23 Code of conduct and directors code of conduct 23 Board leadership structure 23 Director recruitment 23 Director orientation and continuing education and development 24 Board evaluation process 25 Shareholder engagement 25 Communications with the Chair and other non-executive directors 26 Board s role in risk oversight 26 Our risk management framework 28 Invesco s corporate stewardship 29 Human capital management 30 Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation 31 Certain relationships and related transactions 31 Related person transaction policy 34 Security ownership of principal shareholders 35 Security ownership of management 36 Our executive officers 37 Proposal No. 2 Advisory vote to approve the company s executive compensation 41 Executive compensation 42 Compensation discussion and analysis 42 Compensation committee report 69 Summary compensation table for 2025 70 All other compensation table for 2025 71 Grants of plan-based share awards for 2025 72 Outstanding share awards at year-end for 2025 73 Shares vested for 2025 75 Potential payments upon termination or change in control for 2025 76 Information regarding equity compensation plans 77 CEO pay ratio 77 Pay versus performance 78 Proposal No. 3 Appointment of independent registered public accounting firm 83 Fees paid to independent registered public accounting firm 84 Pre-approval process and policy 84 Report of the audit committee 85 Proposal No. 4 To amend the company s Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws to allow shareholders to remove a director with or without cause 87 General information regarding the annual general meeting 88 Questions and answers about voting your common shares 88 Important additional information 92 Forward-looking statements 94 Appendix A Schedule of non-GAAP information 96 2026 Proxy Statement vii Helpful resources Where you can find more information Annual meeting/Proxy Statement: www.invesco.com/corporate/en/investor-relations/ annual-reports-and-proxy-statements.html Annual report: www.invesco.com/corporate/en/investor-relations/ annual-reports-and-proxy-statements.html Voting your Proxy via the Internet before the annual meeting: www.envisionreports.com/IVZ Board of Directors https://www.invesco.com/corporate/en/about-us/our-leadership.html Communications with the Board Invesco Ltd. 1331 Spring Street NW, Suite 2500 Atlanta, Georgia 30309 Attn: Office of the Company Secretary, Legal Department Governance documents https://www.invesco.com/corporate/en/our-commitments/corporate-governance.html Corporate Governance Guidelines Criteria for Selection of Candidates for Membership on the Board of Directors Committee Charters Code of Conduct Directors Code of Conduct Invesco Whistleblower Hotline Investor relations https://www.invesco.com/corporate/en/ investor-relations.html Definition of certain terms or abbreviations AI Artificial Intelligence AOM Adjusted Operating Margin AUM Assets Under Management Bye-Laws Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of the company CAP Compensation Actually Paid CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer Company website www.invesco.com/corporate EMEA Europe, Middle East and Africa EPS Earnings Per Share Equity Plan Invesco Ltd. 2016 Global Equity Incentive Plan ESG Environmental, Social and Governance ETF Exchange-Traded Fund Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States NED Non-Executive Director NEO Named Executive Officer NYSE New York Stock Exchange PCBOI Pre-Cash Bonus Operating Income PEO Principal Executive Officer PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP SEC Securities and Exchange Commission TSR Total Shareholder Return viii Invesco Ltd. 2026 Proxy Statement ix Proxy Statement Summary Industry update and company performance Global capital markets overcame volatility driven by tariffs and geopolitical events early in the year, before ultimately delivering growth and increased market breadth in 2025. Invesco s broad diversification across investment capabilities, distribution channels and geographies enabled the company to take advantage of growth opportunities, and our diversified product lineup drove broad-based net long-term inflows, differentiating Invesco from many industry peers. We remain focused on our capital priorities, which include investing in our key growth capabilities, maintaining balance sheet strength, and returning capital to shareholders. Our highest priority is to always engage with our clients to meet their most pressing needs in this dynamic economic and industry climate, and we believe that our diversified platform of investment capabilities is positioned to drive profitable growth and capture market share. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 2025 Financial performance 1. Represents or includes non-GAAP financial measures. See the information in Appendix A regarding non-GAAP financial measures. 2025 Firm highlights 1 Business 2025 marked a year of significant milestones for Invesco. We focused on our clients, transformed key aspects of our business, unlocked value across the organization, and accelerated strategic priorities to position the firm for continued profitable growth in the evolving global asset management market. Organic growth was strong , with net long-term flows up 25% versus prior year. Net long-term flows were balanced across key distribution channels, with retail and institutional contributing $50.9 billion and $30.3 billion, respectively. Growth was well diversified by geography , with the EMEA, Asia Pacific, and Americas regions delivering net long-term inflows of $35.7 billion, $34.9 billion, and $10.6 billion, respectively, for the year. Modernization of the QQQ ETF Our flagship QQQ fund converted to a modern ETF structure on December 20, 2025. Fund shareholders are now paying a lower fee, and we are earning revenue on more than $400 billion of AUM (as of 12/31/2025) thereby improving profitability for the firm. Balance sheet recapitalization We are delivering on our commitment to deleverage and maintain a strong balance sheet. We repurchased $1.5 billion of Invesco s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, and, in doing so, have increased our balance sheet flexibility, ultimately freeing up earnings available to common shareholders. We also repaid in full the $500.0 million 3-year Term Loan Agreement entered into in the second quarter of 2025 and amended and restated the $2.0 billion floating rate Revolving Credit Agreement, increasing borrowing capacity to $2.5 billion and extending the expiration date to May 16, 2030. Private markets partnerships We announced two strategic partnerships targeting both the U.S. wealth and defined contribution markets. In the second quarter we announced a partnership with Barings to launch two jointly managed credit strategies, with $650 million in capital committed by MassMutual. We brought our first co-managed product to the U.S. wealth management market in the fourth quarter. A second co-managed product is currently in development and expected to launch this year. In December, we also announced a strategic partnership with LGT Capital Partners, a leading private markets specialist to develop multi-alternative private market products initially targeting U.S. wealth and defined contribution channels. LGT Capital is also committing seed capital to support these new launches which will begin later this year. Sharpening focus on our strengths In the fourth quarter, we completed the sale of intelliflo to Carlyle as well as the sale of a majority interest in Invesco Asset Management (India) Private Limited to Induslnd International Holdings Limited, establishing a local joint venture in India. Our ongoing minority ownership structure in this joint venture will allow us to participate in the growth of the market and utilize the strength of our local partner, while refocusing our resources accordingly. 2 Invesco Ltd. Operating results Invesco s net long-term flows performance continued to outperform most asset manager peers in 2025. The firm delivered a long-term organic growth rate of 6%, representing $81.2 billion in net long-term inflows. Sustained organic growth in key capability areas such as ETFs and Index, China JV, and Fundamental Fixed Income enabled this result. We ended the year with almost $2.2 trillion in assets under management, driven by market gains augmented by net long-term inflows. Net revenues 1 of $4,658 million were 6% higher than 2024, driven by market performance and strong organic growth. This increase was tempered by the continuation of an industry-wide client-driven mix shift toward products that have lower net revenue yields. Our ability to capture flows in our passive capabilities as well as our geographic breadth mitigated the decrease in revenue. These revenue dynamics and continued management focus on disciplined expense management drove a 14% increase in adjusted operating income, 1 a 230 basis point increase in adjusted operating margin, 1 and an 19% increase in adjusted diluted EPS, 1 while we continue to invest in areas of future growth and foundational technology projects that will benefit future scaling. 1. Represents or includes non-GAAP financial measures. See the information in Appendix A regarding non-GAAP financial measures. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 FOR Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of each of the director nominees Voting roadmap PROPOSAL 1: Election of directors Director highlights 7 YEARS 65 YEARS 4 Average director nominee tenure on the Board Average director nominee age Number of new independent directors in the last five years Directors qualifications, skills and experience 7 of 11 Public company executive 3 of 11 Accounting and financial reporting 9 of 11 Executive strategy and execution 4 of 11 Technology 6 of 11 Industry experience 7 of 11 Marketing and client focus 10 of 11 International experience 8 of 11 Regulatory - government and legal 4 Invesco Ltd. PROPOSAL 2: Advisory vote to approve the company s executive compensation Our compensation program uses a company scorecard to measure our financial performance and our organizational health FOR Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of our named executive officers Invesco s executive compensation program is designed to align executive compensation with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Our compensation program uses a company scorecard to measure our financial performance and our organizational health. Our compensation committee assesses the company s quantitative performance through the company scorecard and qualitative individual achievements to determine each executive s incentive compensation. Pay for 2025 is aligned with performance. Andrew Schlossberg President and Chief Executive Officer 2025 CEO Compensation Mr. Schlossberg is President and Chief Executive Officer. He develops, guides and oversees execution of Invesco s long-term strategic priorities to deliver value for clients and shareholders over the long-term. Mr. Schlossberg s total compensation is aligned with the company s performance. The compensation committee decided that Mr. Schlossberg s total incentive compensation (annual cash award + time- based equity + performance-based equity) should be $17.7 million, which is 129% of his 2025 incentive target, resulting in total compensation of $18.5 million. Further information regarding executive compensation begins on page 42 of this Proxy Statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 FOR Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the appointment of PwC PROPOSAL 3: Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 The audit committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 is in the best interest of the company and our shareholders. FOR Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the appointment of the Bye-Laws PROPOSAL 4: Amendment of company s Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws to allow shareholders to remove a director with or without cause The company s Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws provide that a director may be removed only for cause. The Board has unanimously adopted and recommends that shareholders approve an amendment that would permit removal of directors with or without cause 6 Invesco Ltd. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 FOR Recommendation of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of each of the director nominees Vote required This proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast at the Annual General Meeting Election of directors You are being asked to cast votes for eleven director nominees: Sarah E. Beshar, Thomas M. Finke, Thomas P. Gibbons, William F. Glavin, Jr., Elizabeth S. Johnson, Andrew R. Schlossberg, Sir Nigel Sheinwald, Paula C. Tolliver, G. Richard Wagoner, Jr., Christopher C. Womack and Phoebe A. Wood. The Board believes the director nominees provide us with the combined depth and breadth of skills, experience and qualities required to contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board. A director holds office until such director s successor has been duly elected and qualified or until such director s death, resignation or removal from office under our Bye-Laws. Each director is elected for a one-year term ending at the 2027 Annual General Meeting. Each nominee has indicated to the company that he or she would serve if elected. We do not anticipate that any director nominee will be unable to stand for election, but if that were to happen, the Board may reduce the size of the Board, designate a substitute or leave a vacancy unfilled. If a substitute is designated, proxies voting on the original director nominee will be cast for the substituted candidate. Majority vote and director resignation Under our Bye-Laws, at any general meeting held for the purpose of electing directors at which a quorum is present, each director nominee receiving a majority of the votes cast at the meeting will be elected as a director. However, if the number of nominees exceeds the number of positions available for the election of directors, the directors elected shall be those nominees who have received the greatest number of affirmative votes cast at the Annual General Meeting or by proxy. If a nominee for director who is an incumbent director is not elected and no successor has been elected at the meeting, the director is required under our Bye-Laws to submit his or her resignation as a director. Our nomination and corporate governance committee would then make a recommendation to the full Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation. If the resignation is not accepted by the Board, the director will continue to serve until the next annual general meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected, or his or her earlier resignation or removal. If the director s resignation is accepted by the Board, then the Board may fill the vacancy. 8 Invesco Ltd. Our directors and their qualifications Our directors are highly qualified and have the significant leadership and professional experience, knowledge and skills necessary to provide effective oversight and guidance for Invesco s global strategy and operations. Board qualifications and criteria for selection Directors represent diverse views, experiences and backgrounds, which the Board believes allows the Board to make more informed judgments. Directors possess the characteristics that are essential for the proper functioning of our Board. Tenure of the members of our Board of Directors provides the appropriate balance of expertise, experience, continuity and new perspectives to serve the best interests of our shareholders. As the Board considers new directors, it takes into account a number of factors, including individuals with skills that will match the needs of the company s long-term global strategy and who will bring diversity of thought, global perspective, experience and background to our Board, which promote strong corporate governance. For more information on our director nomination process, see Corporate Governance Director Recruitment. Director nominees highlights Average director nominee tenure on the Board 7 YEARS Average director nominee age 65 YEARS Number of new independent directors in the last four years 4 Director nominees composition Director nominees tenure on the Board Director nominees independence 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Qualifications, skills and experience of director nominees Our Board strives to maintain a well-rounded Board and recognizes the value of industry experience and institutional knowledge as well as new ideas and perspectives. We consider candidates with diverse capabilities across a broad range of experiences, including one or more of those listed below. A dot in the chart below indicates the director has meaningful expertise in the subject area on which the Board relies. Experience Public company executive: Experience in the oversight of strategy, planning, management, operations, compensation and corporate governance. Executive strategy and execution: Experience developing and executing a strategic direction for a company or business division of a company. Industry experience: In-depth knowledge of the financial services industry or asset management. International experience: Experience in global economies and trade and/or international business strategy and operations relevant to the company s global business. Accounting and financial reporting: Experience in the oversight of financial reporting and internal controls of financial and operating results. Technology: Experience in the development and adoption of new technologies or the management of information security or cybersecurity risks of companies. Marketing and client focus: Expertise in brand development, marketing and sales, including the development of products and services to enhance the client experience. Regulatory - government and legal: Substantive experience in managing government, legal and/or regulatory affairs. Other public company boards 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 2 10 Invesco Ltd. Board of Directors Nominee biographies Sarah E. Beshar Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance (Chair) Qualifications: Industry experience International experience Regulatory - government and legal Sarah E. Beshar Age: 67 Tenure: 9 years Sarah Beshar has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2017 and has been an attorney with Davis Polk Wardwell LLP for over 30 years. She joined the firm in 1986 and was named a partner in the corporate department in 1994. During more than three decades as a corporate lawyer, Ms. Beshar has advised Fortune 500 companies on an array of legal and governance issues. She also served in a number of management roles at the firm, including as the lead partner of one of the firm s largest financial services clients from 2008 to 2015. She presently serves as Senior Counsel at the firm. In 2018, Ms. Beshar was appointed a Director of the Board of the U.S. Asia Center, Australia s preeminent foreign policy and trade think tank and in 2020, she was appointed a director of the American Australian Association, a privately funded organization dedicated to cooperation between the U.S. and Australia, and is currently Chair of the Audit Committee. Ms. Beshar is also a former member of the Board of the Atlantic Council. Ms. Beshar graduated from the University of Western Australia with a B.A. in Law and Jurisprudence in 1981 and graduated from Oxford University with a Bachelor of Civil Law degree from Magdalen College in 1984. She was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Law from the University of Western Australia. Director qualifications Relevant global industry experience: As a member of her firm s capital markets practice, as an advisor to some of the largest global companies, and with significant experience in the development of new financial products, Ms. Beshar has broad exposure and experience to the issues in our industry. Legal and regulatory expertise: Ms. Beshar has over three decades of experience as a corporate lawyer and strategic advisor on the legal issues facing large financial services companies such as Invesco. Ms. Beshar has significant experience in U.S. and global capital markets transactions, as well as securities, compliance, and corporate governance issues. In addition, Ms. Beshar led large teams at Davis Polk advising global financial institutions on complex investment products for both retail and institutional investors. The breadth of Ms. Beshar s background is particularly helpful to the Board of Directors of Invesco as it assesses the legal and strategic ramifications of key business priorities and initiatives. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Thomas M. Finke Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Executive strategy and execution Industry experience International experience Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal Thomas M. Finke Age: 62 Tenure: 6 years Mr. Finke has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2020. Mr. Finke served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Barings from 2016 through 2020 when he retired. He joined Barings predecessor Babson Capital Management in 2002 when Babson acquired First Union Institutional Debt Management. Mr. Finke was appointed Chairman and CEO of Babson Capital in 2008, and also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company from 2008 until 2011. Mr. Finke is a director of the Atrium Foundation and Change Please USA and a Trustee of Davidson College. He also serves on the Board of Visitors of the Fuqua School of Business, Duke University and is a member of the Investment Committee of the Roman Catholic Diocese. Mr. Finke served as a director of the Barings Funds Trusts, Barings Global Short Duration Fund and Barings Business Development Corp. He earned an M.B.A. from Duke University s Fuqua School of Business and a bachelor s degree from the University of Virginia s McIntire School of Commerce. Director qualifications Executive leadership: Mr. Finke s service as Chairman and CEO of Barings, an international investment management firm with over $300 billion of assets under management, and his other executive positions throughout his career provide Mr. Finke with an astute understanding of the skills needed for exemplary leadership and management that will benefit our Board. Industry experience: For more than 30 years, Mr. Finke s financial career has included roles in both the banking and investment management industries providing him with an extensive knowledge of the investment management industry. Public company board experience: Mr. Finke served as a director of Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation from 2023 to 2025 and as Executive Chair of the Board of Aimia Inc. from 2024 to 2025. He currently serves as a director of Venu Holdings Corporation. Thomas P. Gibbons Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution Industry experience International experience Accounting and financial reporting Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal Thomas P. Gibbons Age: 69 Tenure: 3 years Thomas ( Todd ) P. Gibbons has served as a non-executive director since 2023. He served as Chief Executive Officer of BNY Mellon ( BNYM ) and as a management director of BNYM from 2019 to 2022. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer, he served as Vice Chairman and CEO of Clearing, Markets and Client Management from 2017 to 2019. Mr. Gibbons also served as BNYM s Chief Financial Officer from 2008 through 2017. During his career at BNYM, Mr. Gibbons held leadership roles across risk, finance and client management, including serving as Chief Risk Officer for nearly a decade prior to 2008. Mr. Gibbons served as a director of PHH Corporation, a financial services company, from 2011 until 2017. Mr. Gibbons serves on the board of the Institute of International Finance, the board of trustees of Pace University and on the advisory board of Wake Forest University s Business School. He received an M.B.A. from Pace University and a B.S. in Business Administration from Wake Forest University. Director qualifications Executive leadership, relevant industry experience: Mr. Gibbons served as a financial services executive and has extensive experience in banking, finance, risk management, client management and financial regulation. Public company board experience: Mr. Gibbons has served as a director of Ally Financial, Inc. since 2023. 12 Invesco Ltd. William F. Glavin, Jr. Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation (Chair) Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Executive strategy and execution Industry experience International experience Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal William F. Glavin, Jr. Age: 67 Tenure: 7 years William F. Glavin, Jr. has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2019 and is nominated pursuant to the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement described on pages 32-34. Mr. Glavin served as Vice Chairman of MM Asset Management Holding LLC from 2015 until his retirement in 2017. Previously, Mr. Glavin served as Chair of OppenheimerFunds Inc. ( OppenheimerFunds ), from 2009 to 2015, as Chief Executive Officer from 2009 to 2014, and as President from 2009 to 2013. Prior to joining OppenheimerFunds, Mr. Glavin held several senior executive positions at MassMutual Financial Group, including Co-Chief Operating Officer from 2007 to 2008 and Executive Vice President, U.S. Insurance Group from 2006 to 2008. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Babson Capital Management LLC ( Babson ), now known as Barings, LLC, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of MassMutual, from 2005 to 2006, and Chief Operating Officer of Babson from 2003 to 2005. Prior to joining MassMutual, Mr. Glavin was President and Chief Operating Officer of Scudder Investments from 2000 to 2003. Mr. Glavin held senior positions at the Dreyfus Corporation, the Boston Company, State Street Bank and Trust Company, and Procter Gamble. Mr. Glavin earned a B.A. from the College of the Holy Cross. Director qualifications Executive leadership, relevant industry experience: Mr. Glavin served five years as Chief Executive Officer of OppenheimerFunds and has over 20 years of experience in the asset-management industry. Global business experience: Mr. Glavin s experience as an executive of OppenheimerFunds and MassMutual has provided him with a global perspective that benefits our Board and our Management. Public company board experience: Mr. Glavin serves as a member of the Board of Directors of LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (compensation and human resources and nominating and corporate governance committees). Elizabeth S. Johnson Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution Industry experience International experience Technology Marketing and client focus Elizabeth S. Johnson Age: 54 Tenure: 3 years Elizabeth S. Johnson has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2023. Ms. Johnson retired as Chief Experience Officer and Vice Chair of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. ( Citizens Financial ) in 2025. She had held the role of Chief Experience Officer since 2020 and the role of Vice Chair since 2023. From 2015 to 2020, she served as the Chief Marketing Officer and Head of Virtual Channels of Citizens Financial. Prior to joining Citizens Financial, Ms. Johnson worked at Bain and Company, Inc. for 15 years. Ms. Johnson received a B.A. in Economics and Mathematical Methods in Social Sciences from Northwestern University and an M.B.A. from Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Director qualifications Industry experience and client focus: Ms. Johnson served as a financial services executive and has extensive global experience in data and analytics, digital transformation, marketing and client-focused strategy, including growth, engagement and profitability in retail banking, payments and asset and wealth management. Public company board experience: Ms. Johnson currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of BILL Holdings, Inc. (compensation committee). 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Andrew R. Schlossberg President and Chief Executive Officer Qualifications : Public company executive Executive strategy and execution Industry experience International experience Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal Andrew R. Schlossberg Age: 52 Tenure: 3 years 1 Andrew Schlossberg has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the company and a member of the Board since 2023. Prior to being named CEO, Mr. Schlossberg was Senior Managing Director and Head of the Americas from 2019 to 2023, where he oversaw the region as well as the global exchange-traded funds business and other enterprise-wide functions. He previously served as Senior Managing Director and Head of Europe, Middle East and Africa from 2015 to 2019, where he was responsible for all aspects of the business in the region. Mr. Schlossberg joined Invesco in 2001. Mr. Schlossberg began his career as an equity research analyst with Citigroup Asset Management and its predecessors. Mr. Schlossberg currently serves as the Chair of the Board of Governors and the Executive Committee of the Investment Company Institute. He is also a member of the Business Roundtable and the US-China Business Council. Civically, Mr. Schlossberg is the Chair of the Board and a member of the Executive Committee of the Atlanta Committee for Progress; a member of the Executive Board and Board of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce; and serves on the Board of the Woodruff Arts Center. Mr. Schlossberg earned a B.S. in finance and international business from the University of Delaware and an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Director qualifications Executive leadership, industry experience: Mr. Schlossberg has worked over 25 years in the asset management industry, including serving in leadership roles across numerous aspects of Invesco and in the United States, Europe and the Middle East. 1. Mr. Schlossberg has served on the Board since 2023 and has been with Invesco for 25 years. Sir Nigel Sheinwald Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: International experience Regulatory - government and legal Sir Nigel Sheinwald Age: 72 Tenure: 11 years Sir Nigel Sheinwald has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2015. Sir Nigel was a senior British diplomat who served as British Ambassador to the United States from 2007 to 2012, before retiring from Her Majesty s Diplomatic Service. Previously, he served as Foreign Policy and Defence Adviser to the Prime Minister from 2003 to 2007 and as British Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the European Union in Brussels from 2000 to 2003. Sir Nigel joined the Diplomatic Service in 1976 and served in Brussels, Washington, Moscow, and in a wide range of policy roles in London. From 2014 to 2015, Sir Nigel served as the Prime Minister s Special Envoy on intelligence and law enforcement data sharing. He is a visiting professor at King s College, London and serves on the Advisory Boards of BritishAmerican Business and the Centre for European Reform. Sir Nigel is an Honorary Bencher of the Middle Temple, one of London s legal inns of court. He received his M.A. degree from Balliol College, University of Oxford, where he is now an Honorary Fellow. Director qualifications Global and governmental experience, executive leadership: Sir Nigel brings unique global and governmental perspectives to the Board s deliberations through his more than 35 years of service in Her Majesty s Diplomatic Service. His extensive experience leading key international negotiations and policy initiatives, advising senior members of government and working closely with international businesses positions him well to counsel our Board and senior management on a wide range of issues facing Invesco. In particular, Sir Nigel s experience in the British government is a valuable resource for advising the Board with respect to the challenges and opportunities relating to regulatory affairs and government relations. Public company board experience: Sir Nigel currently serves as a director of Oxford Instruments plc (sustainability committee (Chair), nomination, remuneration and audit and risk committees) and previously served on the Board of Directors of Royal Dutch Shell plc from 2012 to 2021. 14 Invesco Ltd. Paula C. Tolliver Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution International experience Technology Paula C. Tolliver Age: 62 Tenure: 5 years Paula C. Tolliver has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2021. She is the founder and principal of TechEdge, a consulting firm specializing in advising executive leadership on information technology strategies, a position she has held since 2020. Ms. Tolliver previously served as Corporate Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Intel Corporation, a technology company, from 2016 to 2019. Prior to joining Intel, Ms. Tolliver served as Corporate Vice President of Business Services and Chief Information Officer at The Dow Chemical Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow, Inc.) from 2012 to 2016. Ms. Tolliver also led a services business for Dow Chemical, in addition to holding a variety of other roles in her 20 plus years with the company. Ms. Tolliver earned a bachelor s degree in Business Information Systems from Ohio University. Director qualifications Executive Leadership/Technical: Ms. Tolliver has significant experience and expertise in the areas of information technology and innovation. In particular, she has expertise in driving business growth, digital transformation, advanced analytics, cybersecurity and operational excellence. Public company board experience: Ms. Tolliver has served as a director of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (audit committee) since 2018. G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Chair of the Board Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution International experience Accounting and financial reporting Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Age: 7 3 Tenure: 13 years G. Richard ( Rick ) Wagoner, Jr. has served as Chair of our company since 2019 and asa non-executive director of our company since 2013. Mr. Wagoner served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Motors Corporation ( GM ) from 2003 through 2009 and served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2000 to 2009. Prior positions held at GM during his 32-year career with that company include President and Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and President of North American Operations, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Head of Worldwide Purchasing, and President and Managing Director of General Motors do Brasil. Mr. Wagoner is the non-executive chair of the Board of Directors of Excelitas Technologies, a privately-held company. In addition, he advises several financial firms, start-ups and early-stage ventures. Mr. Wagoner is a member of the Duke University s Health System Board of Directors. He is a Trustee Emeritus of Duke University and served on the Virginia Commonwealth University Board of Visitors. In addition, he is an honorary member of the Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Mayor of Shanghai and the Catalyst Board of Directors. Mr. Wagoner received his B.A. from Duke University and his M.B.A. from Harvard University. Director qualifications Executive leadership, global business experience: Mr. Wagoner brings to the Board valuable business, leadership and management insights into strategic direction and international operations gained from his 32-year career with GM. Accounting and financial reporting expertise: Mr. Wagoner also brings significant experience in public company financial reporting and corporate governance matters gained through his service with other public companies. He has been designated as one of our audit committee s financial experts, as defined under the rules of the SEC. Public company board experience: Mr. Wagoner has served on the Board of Graham Holdings Company (audit committee) since 2010 and on the Board of ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. (nomination and corporate governance committee) since 2017. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Christopher C. Womack Non-executive director Committees: Audit Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution Technology Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal Christopher C. Womack Age: 68 Tenure: 5 years Christopher C. Womack has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2021 and is the Chairman, President and CEO of Southern Company. Prior to being named to his current role in 2023, he served as the Chairman, President and CEO of Georgia Power Company, a subsidiary of Southern Company, from 2021 to 2023 and served as Executive Vice President and President of External Affairs for Southern Company, where he led overall external positioning and branding efforts prior to 2021. Mr. Womack joined Southern Company in 1988 and has held several leadership positions within Southern Company and its subsidiaries. He has served as Executive Vice President of External Affairs at Georgia Power Company and Senior Vice President and Senior Production Officer of Southern Company Generation, where he was responsible for coal, gas, and hydro generation for Georgia Power Company and Savannah Electric. He also served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Chief People Officer at Southern Company, as well as Senior Vice President of Public Relations and Corporate Services at Alabama Power Company. Prior to joining Southern Company, Mr. Womack worked for the U.S. House of Representatives for then-Congressman Leon E. Panetta. He holds a bachelor s degree from Western Michigan University and a master s degree from The American University. Director qualifications Executive leadership: In addition to his extensive leadership experience at The Southern Company, he is past Chair of the Board of the East Lake Foundation and is on the national Board of The First Tee. Mr. Womack also serves as Vice Chair of the Georgia Ports Authority Board. Public company board experience: Mr. Womack is also a director of Southern Company. Phoebe A. Wood Non-executive director Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation Nomination and Corporate Governance Qualifications: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution International experience Accounting and financial reporting Technology Phoebe A. Wood Age: 72 Tenure: 16 years Phoebe Wood has served as a non-executive director of our company since 2010. She is currently a principal at CompaniesWood where she advises and invests in start-up companies and early-stage ventures. Ms. Wood also has served as Chief Executive Officer of KirtleyWood LLC, a board advisory firm, since 2025. She served as Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and in other capacities at Brown-Forman Corporation from 2001 until her retirement in 2008. Prior to Brown-Forman, Ms. Wood was Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Propel Corporation (a subsidiary of Motorola) from 2000 to 2001. Previously, Ms. Wood served in various capacities during her tenure at Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) from 1976 to 2000. Ms. Wood currently serves as Chair of the Board of Trustees for the American Printing House for the Blind and is Chair of the Board of Directors The Gheens Foundation. She is a Trustee Emerita of Smith College and served on the Board of Trustees of the University of Louisville and Pitzer College. Ms. Wood is a member of the North American Advisory Council of Chatham House, a British think tank, and Treasurer of the Chatham House Foundation. She received her A.B. degree from Smith College and her M.B.A. from the University of California Los Angeles. Director qualifications Executive leadership, global business experience: Ms. Wood has extensive experience as both a director and a member of senior financial management of public companies in a variety of industries. Accounting and financial reporting expertise: Ms. Wood has significant accounting, financial and business expertise, which is valuable to our directors mix of skills, and she has been designated as one of our audit committee s financial experts, as defined under the rules of the SEC. Public company board experience: Ms. Wood serves on the following Boards: Leggett Platt, Incorporated (audit (Chair) and nominating, governance and sustainability committees), and PPL Corporation (people and compensation, safety, executive and governance, nominating and sustainability (Chair) committees). She also previously served on the Board of Pioneer Natural Resources from 2013 to 2024. 16 Invesco Ltd. Director independence In accordance with the rules of the NYSE, the Board has affirmatively determined that it is currently composed of a majority of independent directors, and that the following directors are independent and do not have a material relationship with the company: Sarah E. Beshar, Thomas M. Finke, Thomas P. Gibbons, William F. Glavin, Jr., Elizabeth S. Johnson, Sir Nigel Sheinwald, Paula C. Tolliver, G. Richard Wagoner, Jr., Christopher C. Womack and Phoebe A. Wood. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must affirmatively determine that the director does not have any material relationship with the company either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company. Such determinations are made and disclosed according to applicable rules established by the NYSE or other applicable rules. As part of its independence determinations, the Board considers any direct or indirect relationship between a director (or an immediate family member of such director) and the company or any third party involved with the company. Board meetings and annual general meeting of shareholders During the calendar year ended December 31, 2025, the Board held 11 meetings (not including committee meetings). Each director attended at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the aggregate of the total number of meetings held by the Board and all committees of the Board on which he or she served during 2025. All of our directors attended the 2025 Annual General Meeting. The Board does not have a formal policy regarding Board member attendance at shareholder meetings. The non-executive directors (those directors who are not officers or employees of the company and who are classified as independent directors under applicable NYSE standards) meet in executive session each quarter at a minimum. G. Richard Wagoner, Jr., our Chair and independent non-executive director, presides at the executive sessions of the non-executive directors. Service on other public company boards Each of our directors must have the time and ability to make a constructive contribution to the Board as well as a clear commitment to fulfilling the fiduciary duties required of directors and serving the interests of the company s shareholders. Our President and Chief Executive Officer does not currently serve on the board of directors of any other public company, and none of our current directors serves on more than four public company boards, including our Board. Committee membership and meetings The current committees of the Board are the audit committee, the compensation committee and the nomination and corporate governance committee. The Board has affirmatively determined that each committee consists entirely of independent directors according to applicable NYSE rules and rules promulgated under the Exchange Act, including the heightened independence standards for compensation committee and audit committee members. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Members: Sarah E. Beshar Thomas M. Finke Thomas P. Gibbons William F. Glavin, Jr. Elizabeth S. Johnson Sir Nigel Sheinwald Paula C. Tolliver G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Christopher C. Womack Phoebe A. Wood (Chair) Independence: Each member of the committee is independent and financially literate Audit Committee Financial Experts: Ms. Wood, Mr. Gibbons and Mr. Wagoner qualify as defined by SEC rules Meetings held in 2025: 10 The Audit Committee Under its charter, the committee: is comprised of at least three members of the Board and each is independent under the rules of the NYSE and SEC and is also financially literate, as defined under NYSE rules; members are appointed and removed by the Board; meets at least quarterly; periodically meets with the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk and Audit Officer and the independent auditor in separate executive sessions without members of senior management present; and has the authority to retain independent advisors, at the company s expense, whenever it deems appropriate to fulfill its duties. The committee s charter sets forth its responsibilities, including assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee: the company s financial reporting, auditing and internal control activities, including the integrity of the company s financial statements; the independent auditor s qualifications and independence; the performance of the company s internal audit function and independent auditor; and the company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The committee s charter is available on the Company Website. The information on the Company Website is not intended to form a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. Members: Sarah E. Beshar Thomas M. Finke Thomas P. Gibbons William F. Glavin, Jr. (Chair) Elizabeth S. Johnson Sir Nigel Sheinwald Paula C. Tolliver G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Christopher C. Womack Phoebe A. Wood Independence: Each member of the committee is independent The Compensation Committee Under its charter, the committee: is comprised of at least three members of the Board, each of whom is independent of the company under the NYSE and SEC rules; members are appointed and removed by the Board; meets at least four times annually; and has the authority to retain independent advisors, at the company s expense, whenever it deems appropriate to fulfill its duties, including any compensation consulting firm. The committee s charter sets forth its responsibilities, including: annually approving the compensation structure for, and reviewing and approving the compensation of, senior management and non-executive directors; overseeing the annual process for evaluating senior management performance; overseeing the administration of the company s equity-based and other incentive compensation plans; and assisting the Board with executive succession planning. Meetings held in 2025: 7 The committee s charter is available on the Company Website. The information on the Company Website is not intended to form a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. 18 Invesco Ltd. Members: The Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee Under its charter, the committee: Sarah E. Beshar (Chair) Thomas M. Finke Thomas P. Gibbons William F. Glavin, Jr. Elizabeth S. Johnson Sir Nigel Sheinwald Paula C. Tolliver G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. Christopher C. Womack Phoebe A. Wood is comprised of at least three members of the Board, each of whom is independent of the company under the NYSE and SEC rules; members are appointed and removed by the Board; meets at least four times annually; and has the authority to retain independent advisors, at the company s expense, whenever it deems appropriate to fulfill its duties. The committee s charter sets forth its responsibilities, including: establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating potential nominees for director; recommending to the Board potential nominees for election; and periodically reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines to determine whether any changes are appropriate and recommending any such changes to the Board for its approval. The committee s charter is available on the Company Website. The information on the Company Website is not intended to form a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. For more information regarding the director recruitment process, see Corporate Governance - Director recruitment . Independence: Each member of the committee is independent Meetings held in 2025: 4 Director compensation The compensation committee annually reviews and determines the compensation paid to non-executive directors. No executive officer of the company is involved in recommending or determining levels of non-executive director compensation. Mr. Schlossberg does not receive compensation for his service as a director. The committee considers, among other things, the following policies and principles in determining non-executive director compensation: that compensation should fairly pay the non-executive directors for the work, time commitment and efforts required by directors of an organization of the company s size and scope of business activities, including service on Board committees; that a component of the compensation should be designed to align the non-executive directors interests with the long-term interests of the company s shareholders; and that non-executive directors independence may be compromised or impaired if director compensation exceeds customary levels. As a part of its annual review, the committee engaged Johnson Associates, Inc. ( Johnson Associates ), the committee s independent compensation consultant, to report on comparable non-executive director compensation practices and levels. Their report included a review of director compensation at the same peer companies the committee considers for executive compensation practices. See page 65 for a list of our 2025 compensation benchmarking peers. For 2026, the compensation committee approved an increase to the basic share fee to further reinforce long-term alignment with shareholders and to ensure that our director compensation program remains competitive in attracting and retaining highly qualified non-executive directors amid evolving board expectations. In connection with this increase, the compensation committee also approved a reduction to the Board Chair fee to better balance overall compensation levels. Additionally, to appropriately reflect the expanding responsibilities and time commitments associated with key board leadership roles, the committee approved targeted increases to the Nominating and Governance Committee Chair fee and the Compensation Committee Chair fee. Each component other than the equity award is paid in quarterly installments in arrears. 2025 2026 Basic cash fee Non-executive directors received an annual basic fee paid in cash in the amount of $120,000 No change Chair fee The Chair of the Board received an additional annual cash fee of $230,000 Reduced the annual cash fee to $205,000 Audit Committee Chair fee The Chair of the audit committee received an additional annual cash fee of $50,000 No change 2026 Proxy Statement 19 2025 2026 Compensation Committee and Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee Chair fee The Chair of the compensation committee and the Chair of the nomination and corporate governance committee each received an additional annual cash fee of $20,000 Increased the Chair of the compensation committee and the Chair of the nomination and corporate governance committee annual cash fee to $25,000 Basic shares fee Non-executive directors also received an annual award of shares in the aggregate amount of $195,000. Equity awards are paid for service in advance and subject to a one- year vesting requirement Increased the non-executive director annual award of shares in the aggregate amount to $220,000. Equity awards are paid for service in advance and subject to a one-year vesting requirement. We also reimburse each of our non-executive directors for their travel expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board of Directors and committee meetings. Directors do not receive any meeting or attendance fees. Invesco does not have a deferred compensation plan for its directors. Director compensation table The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our non-executive directors during 2025. Name Fees earned or paid in cash ($) 1 Share awards ($) 2 Total ($) Sarah E. Beshar 140,000 194,993 334,993 Thomas M. Finke 120,000 194,993 314,993 Thomas P. Gibbons 120,000 194,993 314,993 William F. Glavin, Jr. 140,000 194,993 334,993 Elizabeth S. Johnson 120,000 194,993 314,993 Sir Nigel Sheinwald 120,000 194,993 314,993 Paula C. Tolliver 120,000 194,993 314,993 G. Richard Wagoner, Jr. 350,000 194,993 544,993 Christopher C. Womack 120,000 194,993 314,993 Phoebe A. Wood 170,000 194,993 364,993 1. Includes the annual basic cash fee and, as applicable, Chair of the Board fee and committee Chair fees. 2. Represents the grant date fair value of the equity awards calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( ASC 718 ) by multiplying the number of shares granted by the closing price of the company s common shares on the date of grant. Dividends and dividend equivalents on unvested equity awards are paid at the same time and rate as on our common shares. For all amounts shown, reflects the annual grant of an equity award in the amount of 12,728 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2025, for each of the non-executive directors, all equity awards granted during 2025 were outstanding. Stock ownership policy for non-executive directors Our non-executive directors are subject to the Non-Executive Director Stock Ownership Policy. Commencing in 2022, the policy requires each non-executive director to (i) achieve and thereafter maintain an ownership level that is equal to four times the value of the basic cash fee and (ii) meet the policy requirement within five years of the later of the effective date of the policy or first appointment as a non-executive director. Until such ownership level is achieved, each non-executive director is required to (i) continue to hold 100% of the shares received as compensation prior to the effective date, and (ii) retain at least fifty percent (50%) of shares granted as compensation after the effective date. The following table shows the status of each of our non-executive directors meeting the requirements of the policy as of December 31, 2025 based on the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on that date, which was $26.27. Beginning in 2026, the required ownership level was increased to five times the value of the basic cash fee, and each non-executive director will be expected to meet this enhanced requirement within the same policy timeframes. Increasing the ownership requirement to this level reinforces the Board s commitment to sustained shareholder value creation, reflects the growing responsibilities and oversight demands placed on public company directors, and supports strong corporate governance practices. 20 Invesco Ltd. Non-executive director stock ownership Shares held as of December 31, 2025 Name Shares held 1 Requirement met Name Shares held 1 Requirement met Beshar 107,053 Sheinwald 93,856 Finke 56,126 Tolliver 58,161 Gibbons 39,090 Wagoner 114,758 Glavin 79,972 Womack 51,805 Johnson 40,658 Wood 101,999 1. Represents common shares beneficially owned. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 22 Invesco Ltd. Corporate governance guidelines Our Board is committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance and is guided by our Corporate Governance Guidelines ( Guidelines ), which provide a framework for the governance of our company and the responsibilities of our Board. The Guidelines are available in the corporate governance section of the Company Website. The Guidelines set forth the practices the Board follows with respect to, among other matters, the composition of the Board, director responsibilities, Board committees, director access to officers, employees and independent advisors, director compensation and performance evaluation of the Board. Code of conduct and directors code of conduct As part of our ethics and compliance program, our Board has approved a code of ethics (the Code of Conduct ) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions, as well as to our other officers and employees. The Code of Conduct is posted on the Company Website. In addition, we have adopted a separate Directors Code of Conduct that applies to all members of the Board. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver of, a provision of the Code of Conduct for our directors and executive officers by posting such information on the Company Website. The company maintains a compliance reporting line, where employees and individuals outside the company can anonymously submit a complaint or concern regarding compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations, the Code of Conduct, as well as accounting, auditing, ethical or other concerns. Board leadership structure As described in the Guidelines, the company s business is conducted day-to-day by its officers, managers and employees, under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer and the oversight of the Board, to serve the interest of our clients and enhance the long-term value of the company for its shareholders. The Board is elected by the shareholders to oversee our management team and to seek to assure that the long-term interests of the shareholders are being served. In light of these differences in the fundamental roles of the Board and management, the company has chosen to separate the Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair positions. The Board believes separation of these roles: (i) allows the Board to more effectively monitor and evaluate objectively the performance of the Chief Executive Officer, such that the Chief Executive Officer is more likely to be held accountable for his performance; (ii) allows the non-executive Chair to control the Board s agenda and information flow; and (iii) creates an atmosphere in which other directors are more likely to challenge the Chief Executive Officer and other members of our senior management team. For these reasons, the company believes that this Board leadership structure is currently the most appropriate structure for the company. Nevertheless, the Board may reassess the appropriateness of the existing structure at any time, including following changes in Board composition, in management or in the character of the company s business and operations. Director recruitment The nomination and corporate governance committee continues to focus on Board refreshment to align the Board s composition with our long-term strategy and effect meaningful Board succession planning. New directors are identified using the following process: The committee reviews and updates its criteria for prospective directors based on succession planning for directors, to add experience in certain areas and to address new or evolving needs of the company. The committee then utilizes recommendations from directors and independent search firms to determine the candidates for consideration. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Candidates meet with the committee members, the Board Chair, the other directors and the CEO who assess candidates based on several factors, including whether the candidate has experience that will assist the company in seeking to meet its long-term strategic objectives and will bring diversity of thought and the desired qualifications to our Board. The Board has adopted a Board-level diversity policy that recognizes that it benefits from the contribution of different perspectives, experiences and characteristics which promote strong corporate governance and contribute to a more effective decision-making process. Due diligence is conducted, including soliciting feedback on potential candidates from persons outside the company. Qualified candidates are presented to the Board of Directors. Two new independent directors were added in 2023 that contribute the following experience and traits to our Board: Public company executive Executive strategy and execution Industry experience International experience Accounting and financial reporting Technology Marketing and client focus Regulatory - government and legal The nomination and corporate governance committee believes there are certain minimum qualifications that each director nominee must satisfy in order to be suitable for a position on the Board, including that such nominee: be an individual of the highest integrity and have an inquiring mind, a willingness to ask hard questions and the ability to work well with others; be free of any conflict of interest that would violate any applicable law or regulation or interfere with the proper performance of the responsibilities of a director; be willing and able to devote sufficient time to the affairs of the company and be diligent in fulfilling the responsibilities of a director; and have the capacity and desire to represent the best interests of the shareholders as a whole. The committee will consider candidates recommended for nomination to the Board by shareholders of the company. Shareholders may nominate candidates for election to the Board under Bermuda law and our Bye-Laws. The manner in which the committee evaluates candidates recommended by shareholders would be generally the same as any other candidate. However, the committee would also seek and consider information concerning any relationship between a shareholder recommending a candidate and the candidate to determine if the candidate can represent the interests of all of our shareholders. For further information regarding deadlines for shareholder proposals, see Important additional information Shareholder proposals for the 2027 annual general meeting on page 92. Director orientation and continuing education and development When a new independent director joins the Board, we provide an orientation program for the purpose of providing the new director with an understanding of the strategy and operations of the company. To assist the directors in understanding the company and its industry and maintaining the level of expertise required for our directors, the company s management team makes presentations during Board meetings relating to the competitive and industry environment and the company s goals and strategies. In addition, at most meetings the Board receives presentations on various topics related to key industry trends, topical business issues and governance. Each director is encouraged to participate in continuing education programs for public company directors sponsored by nationally recognized educational organizations not affiliated with the company. We provide our directors with suggested educational courses on topics such as emerging governance issues, compliance and ethics matters and financial risk oversight. To facilitate the ongoing education of our directors, the cost of all such continuing education is paid for by the company. 24 Invesco Ltd. Board evaluation process The effectiveness of the Board and its committees is critical to the company s success and to the protection of our shareholders long-term interests. To maintain their effectiveness, the Board and each standing committee annually conduct comprehensive assessments to identify areas for improvements. The Board either engages an independent external advisor to coordinate the Board s self-assessment by its members or has the Chair of the nomination and corporate governance committee manage the process. Each director reviewed a questionnaire and then participated in one-on-one confidential interviews. The advisor or Chair of the nomination and corporate governance committee, as applicable, prepares and presents an in-person report to the Board, which discusses the findings of the advisor based upon his or her review. The Board then discusses the evaluation to determine what action, if any, could further enhance the operations of the Board and its committees. Shareholder engagement Why we engage One of our key priorities is ensuring robust outreach and engagement with our shareholders in order to: Provide transparency into our business, governance practices and compensation programs Determine which issues are important to our shareholders and share our views on those issues Identify emerging trends or issues that may impact our business and influence our practices How we engage Investor relations and senior management We provide institutional investors with many opportunities to provide feedback to senior management by participating in conferences, one-on-one and group meetings throughout the year. We also routinely interact and communicate with shareholders through quarterly earnings presentations, SEC filings (including our annual report on Form 10-K), the Proxy Statement and the annual meeting of shareholders. Shareholders As investment professionals, we understand the value of engaging with companies and seek to maintain an active and open dialogue with our shareholders. We integrate aspects of the feedback we receive from our shareholders and share this feedback with our directors as we seek to enhance our corporate governance and executive compensation practices. In addition to our year-round shareholder engagement, for many years we have also conducted a targeted shareholder and proxy advisory outreach in the Fall of each year. In 2025, we reached out to or engaged with our top shareholders, representing approximately 72% 1 of our outstanding common stock. That percentage includes our significant shareholder, MassMutual, which holds approximately 18% of our common stock and engaged directly with management in 2025 with a representative on the company s Board of Directors. Two of our shareholders, representing approximately 7% 1 of our outstanding common stock, requested and held meetings with our investor relations, corporate governance, executive compensation and investment stewardship teams. Our directors have also engaged directly with shareholders in prior years. See Shareholder and proxy advisory outreach and feedback for more information on this outreach and related findings. 1. Ownership percentages as of September 30, 2025. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Communications with the Chair and other non-executive directors Any interested party may communicate with the Chair of our Board or our non-executive directors as a group at the following address: Invesco Ltd. 1331 Spring Street NW, Suite 2500 Atlanta, Georgia 30309 Attn: Office of the Company Secretary, Legal Department Communications will be distributed to the Board, or to any of the Board s committees or individual directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances of the communication. In that regard, the Invesco Board does not receive certain items which are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board. In addition, the company maintains the Invesco Whistleblower Hotline for its employees or individuals outside the company to report complaints or concerns on an anonymous and confidential basis regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and possible violations of the company s Code of Conduct or law. Further information about the Invesco Whistleblower Hotline is available at the Company Website. Non-employees may submit any complaint regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters directly to the audit committee of the Board of Directors by sending a written communication addressed to the audit committee at the address set forth above. Board s role in risk oversight The Board has oversight responsibility for the company s enterprise risk management program and processes. This includes oversight over the management of material risks with respect to the company s business, including, without limitation, business strategy, governance, financial, investment, operational, technology (including AI), cyber risk, regulatory compliance and human capital management. Though Board committees address specific risks and risk processes within their purview, the Board maintains overall responsibility for oversight of all material risks as full Board engagement supports appropriate consideration of risk in strategy setting and a more holistic understanding of risk across the enterprise. Invesco is committed to continually strengthening and evolving our risk management activities to ensure they keep pace with business change and client expectations. We believe a key factor in our ability to manage through challenging market conditions and significant business change is our integrated and global approach to risk management. Risk management is embedded in our day-to-day decision-making as well as our strategic planning process while our global risk management framework enables consistent and meaningful risk dialogue up, down and across the company. Our framework leverages two governance structures: (i) our Global Investment Risk and Performance Committee oversees the management of core investment risks and (ii) our Enterprise Risk Management Committee oversees the management of all other business and strategy related risks. A network of regional, business unit and specific risk management committees, with oversight from the Global Investment Risk and Performance Committee, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee, provides ongoing identification, assessment, management and monitoring of risk that ensures both broad as well as in-depth, multi-layered coverage of the risks existing and emerging in the various domains of our business. The Board reviews and discusses with executive and senior management risk management information and reporting provided, at least quarterly, by the Global Investment Risk and Performance Committee and the Enterprise Risk Management Committee. The Board also reviews the company s risk appetites. By receiving these reports, the Board maintains a practical understanding of the company s risk management processes, overall risk profile and risk culture. In addition, Board and committee agenda business-related topics include discussion of the risks in our ongoing business as well as those introduced by new business developments. Through this regular and consistent risk communication and dialogue, the Board seeks to maintain reasonable assurance that all material risks of the company are being addressed and that the company is fostering a risk-aware culture in which effective risk management is embedded in the business. Oversight of financial reporting and compliance related risk: The audit committee routinely receives reports from the control functions of finance, legal, compliance and internal audit. The Chief Risk and Audit Officer reports to the Chair of the audit committee. The audit committee oversees the internal audit function s planning and resource allocation in a manner designed to ensure testing of controls and other internal audit activities are appropriately prioritized in a risk-based manner. The audit committee also seeks to assure that appropriate risk-based inputs from management and internal audit are communicated to the company s independent public auditors. 26 Invesco Ltd. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Oversight responsibility Risks and risk process The full Board has oversight responsibility for the company s enterprise risk management program and processes. This includes oversight of the management of material risks with respect to the company s business, including business strategy, financial performance, investments, operations, technology (including cybersecurity and AI), regulatory compliance, governance and human capital management Though Board committees address specific risks and risk processes within their purview, the Board maintains overall responsibility for oversight of all material risks as full Board engagement supports appropriate consideration of risk in strategy setting and a more holistic understanding of risk across the enterprise AUDIT COMMITTEE Oversees the integrity of the company s financial statements and other financial disclosures, the effectiveness of the company s internal controls, the internal audit function, the independent auditors, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and approves related party transactions COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Reviews and discusses management s assessment of the company s compensation policies and programs to ensure they do not encourage excessive risk-taking NOMINATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Reviews and discusses the company s corporate governance practices to ensure they do not present excessive risks to the company and manages Board and committee succession and related risks 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Our risk management framework Oversight of cybersecurity risk: Our Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risk and receives updates, at a minimum, twice a year regarding cybersecurity, including risks and protections. The Global Operational Risk Management Committee, one of the company s risk management committees, provides executive-level oversight and monitoring of the end-to-end programs dedicated to managing information security and cyber related risk. The members of the committee include the Chief Information and Operations Officer, Chief Risk and Audit Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Global Head of Compliance, and Global Operational Risk Owners which includes the Global Chief Security Officer (GCSO). The Committee reports to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee which provides updates to the Board to facilitate their oversight. Cybersecurity Cyber threats are considered one of the most significant risks facing financial institutions. To mitigate that risk, we have a designated Global Chief Security Officer (GCSO) who leads our Global Security Department, which is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity threats. Our GCSO has experience in the public and private sectors, specializing in security, investigations, and incident response. The Global Security Department oversees, among others, the following groups across Invesco: Information Security, Strategic Intelligence, Corporate Security, Enterprise Resilience, Business Continuity, Crisis Management, Global Privacy Office, Business Security, and Projects and Strategy. This structure supports a more comprehensive, holistic approach to keeping Invesco clients, employees, and critical assets safe, upholding their privacy rights, and enabling a secure and resilient business. Our information security program for the company is led by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) who reports directly to the GCSO and has extensive experience in information security and risk management. Our information security program is designed to oversee all aspects of information security risk and seeks to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets including the implementation of controls aligned with industry guidelines and applicable statutes and regulations to identify threats, detect attacks, and protect our information assets. Our cybersecurity programs include the following: Proactive assessments of technical infrastructure and security resilience are performed on a regular basis which include penetration testing, offensive testing and maturity assessments. Conducting due diligence on third-party service providers regarding cybersecurity risks prior to on-boarding, periodic assessment of cybersecurity risks for third-party service providers and continuous monitoring for new third-party cybersecurity incidents. An incident response program that includes periodic testing and is designed to restore business operations as quickly and as orderly as possible in the event of a cybersecurity incident at Invesco or a third-party. Mandatory annual employee security awareness training, which focuses on cyber threats and security in general. Regular cyber phishing tests throughout the year to measure and raise employee awareness against cyber phishing threats. Important to these programs is our investment in threat-intelligence, our active engagement in industry and government security-related forums, and our utilization of external experts to challenge our program maturity, assess our controls and routinely test our capabilities. The company s Board oversees cybersecurity risk and receives updates, at a minimum, twice a year regarding cybersecurity, including risks and protections. The Global Operational Risk Management Committee, one of the company s risk management committees, provides executive-level oversight and monitoring of the end-to-end programs dedicated to managing information security and cyber related risk. The members of this Committee include the Chief Information and Operations Officer, Chief Risk and Audit Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Global Head of Compliance, as well as other Global Operational Risk Owners which includes the GCSO. The Committee reports to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee, which provides updates to the Board to facilitate its oversight. As of December 31, 2025, we have not experienced any cyber incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect Invesco s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Political engagement and oversight As a global investment firm dedicated to creating greater possibilities for our clients, we believe it is important to be an active participant in the political process with the objective of promoting and protecting the economic future of the company, our clients and shareholders. 28 Invesco Ltd. Invesco s Government Affairs Department works to strengthen Invesco s connectivity to key public policy conversations and enhance our reputation with leaders in the legislative and regulatory ecosystem. The nominating and corporate governance committee assists the Board in oversight of the company s U.S. political activities by reviewing, at least annually, the company s U.S. political activities, including political spending and lobbying activities and expenditures in the United States. Invesco engages in lobbying deemed to be in the best interests of the company, its clients and shareholders, in compliance with laws and regulations that govern such activities. Invesco discloses the principal U.S. trade organizations utilized by Invesco s Government Affairs Department to which Invesco belongs as well as those U.S. trade organizations that receive from Invesco total payments of $25,000 or more for membership fees and/or dues in a given year. Invesco maintains a U.S. federal political action committee (PAC). The PAC is funded in accordance with applicable U.S. federal law on a voluntary basis by U.S.-based employees. As required by law, all political contributions by the PAC are reported to the U.S. Federal Election Commission (FEC) and are publicly disclosed on the FEC s website. In 2022, Invesco adopted a U.S. Policy Statement on Political Activities. A link to the policy statement can be found on the Company Website under the About Us tab and the header Corporate Governance - Political Activities. The information on the Company Website is not intended to form a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. Invesco s corporate stewardship At Invesco, corporate stewardship matters. Doing what is right for our people, the environment, and the communities in which we have a presence motivates our activities and helps us deliver positive outcomes for our shareholders. Our senior leaders and employees are committed to the communities where we live, work and volunteer. We actively partner with non-profits, start-ups and other organizations to strengthen our communities. Our employees actively address local needs through Invesco Cares. Invesco Cares partners with local community organizations worldwide through volunteering, skill-sharing, and fundraising to strengthen communities and drive meaningful impact. Rooted in a culture of service, Invesco empowers employees to go beyond their daily work, joining like-minded colleagues to make a lasting impact in the communities we serve. The company operates in an environmentally responsible manner. Invesco seeks to help protect our natural environment by implementing and maintaining environmental management processes for example, at Invesco offices we aim to reduce utility consumption and carbon emissions, promote energy efficiency and utilize appropriate waste management practices. Invesco has a structured program that monitors our environmental impact, gathers ideas and suggestions for improving our global environmental management practices and approves initiatives. Invesco maintains global objectives and regional targets that are monitored to seek to ensure the continual improvement of our impact on the environment. Invesco also submits an annual report in alignment with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. Invesco s approach to investment stewardship for our clients Invesco has an investment team-led and client-centric investment approach, including managing to sustainable investing related requirements or objectives if included in fund or client mandates or where required by regulation. To us, responsible stewardship means creating long-term value for our clients in alignment with their objectives. Our investment teams exercise their rights and responsibilities as stewards of capital and apply their analysis and expertise to cast voting decisions in alignment with client objectives and best interests. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Invesco s long-term success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain talent. Invesco invests significantly in talent development to support our employees in developing their full potential Human capital management Creating an environment where talented people thrive. Invesco s long-term success depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop, and engage top talent. Invesco invests significantly in talent development, employee benefit programs, technology and other resources that support our employees in developing their full potential. Our company provides equal opportunity in its employment and promotion practices and encourages employees to play active roles in the growth and development of the communities in which they live and work. Invesco conducts regular surveys to measure employee engagement and organizational health. Employees consistently report high scores regarding the company s ethics and values, feedback from managers and stakeholders, and a shared vision for the company s strategy and direction. Focusing on our workforce. Employees are provided with a variety of elements to enable them to stay healthy, maintain a work-life balance and plan for retirement. These rewards include: Comprehensive health and wellness programs Retirement savings plans Life insurance and income-protection benefits Holiday and time-off benefits Flexibility to help balance work and family responsibilities Opportunities to develop professional skills and knowledge Opportunities to contribute to their communities Opportunities to become an Invesco shareholder through our employee stock purchase plan Developing our people. We are committed to supporting the growth and development of all employees across our firm. Our efforts center on creating a workplace that enables talented individuals to thrive by fostering growth, development, and the conditions that support high performance. Through our Leadership Framework, we equip our leaders to inspire, develop, and enable their teams creating an environment where people can excel and build meaningful careers. We offer a range of development resources and programs designed to meet diverse needs across the globe. These include mentoring initiatives, Respect in the Workplace training, adherence to equal employment opportunity principles, leadership development programs for all levels, and an Early Careers Program focused on foundational training and networking opportunities. Collectively, these efforts reinforce our commitment to developing our people and sustaining a strong, high performing workforce. Our approach to Diversity and Inclusion. At Invesco, we believe that an employee community that is diverse and inclusive, engaged in community involvement and invested in employee well-being will drive positive outcomes for our clients and shareholders. We strive to strengthen and sustain a culture of diversity and inclusion, creating an environment where all employees feel like they belong. Embracing a wide range of backgrounds, experiences, and viewpoints helps us to innovate and connect more deeply with our clients and deliver exceptional service. Building community through Business Resource Groups. Invesco supports a variety of Business Resource Groups (BRGs) grassroots employee networks that provide community, networking and mentorship and other opportunities. Our BRGs build partnerships and networks internally and help drive a sense of belonging across the company. We invest in our BRGs with senior leadership support and funding, which enables them to provide personal and professional enrichment opportunities for employees through external and internal events and initiatives. Each of our BRGs welcomes and encourages participation by all employees. 30 Invesco Ltd. Compensation committee interlocks and insider participation During 2025, the following directors served as members of the compensation committee: Sarah E. Beshar, Thomas M. Finke, Thomas P. Gibbons, William F. Glavin, Jr. (Chair), Elizabeth S. Johnson, Sir Nigel Sheinwald, Paula C. Tolliver, G. Richard Wagoner, Jr., Christopher C. Womack and Phoebe A. Wood. No member of the compensation committee was an officer or employee of the company or any of its subsidiaries during 2025, and no member of the compensation committee was formerly an officer of the company or any of its subsidiaries or was a party to any disclosable related person transaction involving the company. During 2025, none of the executive officers of the company served on the Board of Directors or on the compensation committee of any other entity that has or had executive officers serving as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of the company. Certain relationships and related transactions Share repurchases In order to pay withholding or other similar taxes due in connection with the vesting of equity awards granted under our equity incentive plans, our executive officers are required to net shares whereby the company purchases from the executive officer shares equal in value to an approximation of the tax withholding liability. Under the net shares method, the price per share paid by the company for repurchases is the closing price of the company s common shares on the NYSE on the vesting date. The company repurchases of stock from executive officers in excess of $120,000 during 2025 are shown in the following table. Name and current title Number of shares repurchased (#) Aggregate consideration ($) Andrew R. Schlossberg President and Chief Executive Officer 46,117 801,975 L. Allison Dukes Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer 27,606 480,068 Stephanie C. Butcher Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Investments 33,513 677,287 Shannon Johnston Senior Managing Director, Chief Information and Operations Officer 8,345 190,266 Douglas J. Sharp Senior Managing Director and Head of the Americas and EMEA 44,640 891,285 Tony L. Wong Senior Managing Director, Co-Head of Investments 12,209 212,315 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Interests in or alongside certain Invesco-sponsored or managed investment products From time to time, certain executive officers and their family members may personally invest in Invesco-sponsored or managed investment products. For certain types of products offered by Invesco subsidiaries, our executive officers may receive reduced management fees that are available to our eligible employees generally. These investments are entered into in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with similarly situated clients. In the ordinary course of business, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company ( MassMutual ) is the company s lead investor in seeding some of our new private markets and other strategies and may invest in other investment products we manage. Likewise, in the ordinary course of our business, we may conduct transactions or make investments on behalf of funds or client accounts we manage in securities of and/or financial assets or products offered or managed by MassMutual. The amount of compensation or other value received (or in some cases not charged) by MassMutual or Invesco in connection with those transactions may exceed $120,000 individually or in the aggregate per year. Mr. Glavin is a member of our Board of Directors pursuant to the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement. MassMutual and its subsidiaries As of February 17, 2026, MassMutual owned approximately 18.4% of our outstanding common shares. MassMutual owns substantially all of our issued and outstanding preference shares, the terms of which are set forth in the certificate of designation, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2019. MassMutual Shareholder Agreement In connection with Invesco s acquisition of OppenheimerFunds, an investment management subsidiary of MassMutual and Invesco entered into a shareholder agreement, dated May 24, 2019 (the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement ), which governs the ongoing relationship between MassMutual and Invesco. See below for a summary of key provisions of the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement. It does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2019. Share ownership: Subject to certain exceptions, MassMutual and its controlled affiliates are prohibited from acquiring any additional Invesco capital stock such that if after giving effect to such acquisition, MassMutual together with its controlled affiliates would beneficially own more than 22.5% of the total voting power of Invesco capital stock (which we refer to as the ownership cap ). MassMutual is subject to the ownership cap until the date (which we refer to as the governance termination date ) on which MassMutual and its controlled affiliates cease to beneficially own at least (i) 10% of the issued and outstanding Invesco common shares or (ii) 5% of the issued and outstanding Invesco common shares and $2.0 billion in aggregate liquidation preference of Invesco Series A preferred shares. Prohibited actions: Until the governance termination date, MassMutual and its controlled affiliates are generally prohibited from soliciting, knowingly encouraging, acting in concert or assisting third parties, negotiating or making any public announcement with respect to: any acquisition the purpose or result of which would be that MassMutual and its controlled affiliates beneficially own (i) Invesco capital stock in excess of the ownership cap or (ii) any equity securities of any subsidiary of Invesco; any form of business combination or similar or other extraordinary transaction involving Invesco or any subsidiary of Invesco; any form of restructuring, recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to Invesco or any subsidiary of Invesco; agreeing with any third party with respect to the voting of any shares of Invesco capital stock or the capital stock of any subsidiary of Invesco, or otherwise entering into any voting trust or voting agreement with any third party; selling any share of Invesco capital stock in a tender or exchange offer that either (i) is unanimously opposed by the Invesco Board or (ii) arises out of a breach by MassMutual of its obligations under the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement to not engage in certain prohibited actions; and any proposal to seek representation on the Invesco Board or any proposal to control or influence management, the Invesco Board, Invesco or its subsidiaries (except as expressly permitted by the MassMutual Shareholder Agreement and the certificate of designation for the Series A preferred shares); and calling any special meeting of shareholders of Invesco or engaging in any written consent of shareholders regarding any of the foregoing. 32 Invesco Ltd. Additional purchase of voting securities: Until the governance termination date, except in certain cases, if at any time Invesco issues voting securities (or securities convertible into voting securities), MassMutual will have the right to purchase directly from Invesco additional securities of the same class or series being issued up to an amount that would result in MassMutual and its controlled affiliates beneficially owning the lesser of (i) the ownership cap and (ii) the same ownership percentage as they owned immediately prior to such stock issuance. Share repurchases: If Invesco engages in any share repurchase program or self tender that (i) will, or would reasonably be expected to, cause Invesco capital sto