=== IVZ_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Market Dynamics and Volatility Volatility and disruption in global or regional capital and credit markets, equity, debt, private and commodity markets, as well as adverse changes in the global economy, could negatively affect our AUM, revenues, net income and liquidity. In recent years, capital and credit markets have experienced substantial volatility. In this regard: • In the event of extreme circumstances, including an economic, political or business crisis, such as widespread systemic failures or disruptions in the global or regional financial systems or failures of firms that have significant obligations as counterparties on financial instruments, we may suffer significant declines in AUM and severe liquidity or valuation issues in managed investment products in which client and company assets are invested, all of which would adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, liquidity, credit ratings, ability to access capital markets and ability to retain and attract key employees. Additionally, these factors could impact our ability to realize the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets and have impacted the carrying value of our intangible assets in the past. • Illiquidity and/or volatility of the global or regional risk asset markets could negatively affect our ability to manage investment products in which client and company assets are invested or client inflows and outflows or to timely meet client redemption requests. • In the event that market values of companies involved directly in AI or exposed to AI trends, including those that are part of the Nasdaq-100 Index, decline, we may suffer declines in AUM and revenue, particularly relating to products we advise that track the Nasdaq-100 Index, such as the Invesco QQQ Trust and the Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF. • Uncertainties regarding geopolitical developments, such as nation state sovereignty, border disputes, diplomatic developments, social instability or changes in governmental policies, can produce volatility in global financial markets and regulatory environments. This volatility, including volatility arising from tensions between the U.S. and China, may impact the level and composition of our AUM and also negatively impact investor sentiment, which could result in reduced or negative flows. Geopolitical risks may also lead to economic sanctions, trade restrictions, or regulatory changes that adversely affect global markets and our business. • Changes to tax, tariff and import/export regulations and economic sanctions may have a negative effect on global or regional economic conditions, financial markets and our business. Any changes with respect to trade policies, treaties, taxes, government regulations and tariffs, or the perception that any of these changes could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global or regional economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global trade or trade between certain nations. Given we are a global business, we could be more adversely affected than others by such market uncertainties. Our revenues and net income would likely be adversely affected by any reduction in AUM as a result of either a decline in market value of such assets or net outflows, each of which would reduce the investment management fees we earn. We derive substantially all our revenues from investment management contracts with clients. Under these contracts, the investment management fees paid to us are generally based on the market value of AUM. AUM may decline for various reasons. For any period in which revenues decline, our net income and operating margin would likely decline by a greater proportion because a majority of our expenses remain fixed. Factors that could decrease AUM, revenues, and net income include the following: Declines in the market value of AUM in client portfolios. We cannot predict whether volatility in the markets will result in substantial or sustained declines in the markets generally or result in price declines in market segments in which our AUM are concentrated. Any of the foregoing could negatively impact the market value of our AUM, revenues and net income. Market declines may be driven by interest rate volatility, foreign exchange fluctuations, geopolitical instability, or other macroeconomic factors. Redemptions and other withdrawals from, or shifting among, client portfolios. These changes could be caused by investors reducing their investments in client portfolios in general or in the market segments in which we focus; investors taking profits from their investments; and portfolio risk characteristics, which could cause investors to move assets to other investment managers. Furthermore, the fees we earn vary with the types of assets being managed, with higher fees earned on actively managed equity and balanced accounts, alternative asset products, and lower fees earned on fixed income, stable value accounts and passively managed products. Our revenues and net income may decline further if clients continue to shift their investments to lower fee accounts. 10 Table of Contents Our revenues and net income from money market and other fixed income assets may be harmed by interest rate volatility, prolonged high or low rates, liquidity, and credit volatility. While inflation remained relatively flat in 2025, our business is exposed to risks associated with inflation and fluctuations in interest rates including rapid changes or uncertainty in rate direction. Certain institutional investors using money market products and other short-term duration fixed income products for cash management purposes may shift these investments to direct investments in comparable instruments in order to realize higher yields. These redemptions would reduce AUM, thereby reducing our revenues and net income. If securities within a money market portfolio default or investor redemptions force the portfolio to realize losses, there could be negative pressure on its net asset value (NAV). Although money market investments are not guaranteed instruments, the company might decide, under such a scenario, that it is in its best interest to provide support in the form of a support agreement, capital infusion or other methods to help stabilize a declining NAV, which may have an adverse impact on our profitability. Additionally, we have investments, including collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), real estate-related loans, commercial loans, income based products inclusive of private strategies, and seed capital in fixed income funds, the valuation of which could vary with changes in interest and default rates as well as credit quality deterioration. Declines in the values of AUM could lead to reduced revenues and net income as management fees are generally calculated based upon the size of AUM. Our financial condition and liquidity would be adversely affected by losses on our seed capital and co-investments . The company has investments in managed investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including equities, fixed income products, commodities, derivatives, other similar financial instruments, and alternative investment products. Investments in these products are generally made to establish a track record, meet purchase size requirements for trading blocks or demonstrate economic alignment with other investors in our funds. Adverse market conditions may result in the need to write down the value of these seed capital and co-investments, which may adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1,166.3 million in seed capital and co-investments. As many of our subsidiary operations are located outside of the U.S. and have functional currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, changes in the exchange rates to the U.S. Dollar impact our reported financial results. The largest component of our net assets, revenues and expenses, as well as our AUM, is presently denominated in U.S. Dollars. However, we have a large number of subsidiaries outside of the U.S. whose functional currencies are not the U.S. Dollar. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rates to the U.S. Dollar impact our reported financial results. Currency movements can also directly affect the value of AUM and related fee revenues when client assets are denominated in non-U.S. currencies. Significant strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to the United Kingdom (U.K.) Pound Sterling, Euro, Chinese RMB, Japanese Yen or Canadian Dollar, among other currencies, could have a material negative impact on our reported financial results. Risks Related to Investment Performance and Competition Poor investment performance of our products could reduce the level of our AUM or affect our sales, and negatively impact our revenues and net income. Our investment performance is critical to the success of our business. Strong investment performance often stimulates sales of our products. Poor investment performance (on a relative or absolute basis) as compared to third-party benchmarks or competitive products has in the past led, and could in the future lead, to a termination of investment management agreements, a decrease in sales of our products or stimulate redemptions from existing products, each of which could lower the overall level of AUM, reduce our management fees and negatively impact our revenues and net income. There is no assurance that past or present investment performance in our products will be indicative of future performance. If we fail, or appear to fail, to address successfully and promptly the underlying causes of any poor investment performance, we may be unsuccessful in reversing such underperformance, which could result in client loss or redemptions and the loss of future business prospects, both of which would negatively impact our revenues and net income. Failure to properly address the increased transformative pressures affecting the asset management industry could negatively impact our business. The asset management industry is facing transformative pressures and trends from a variety of different sources, including increased fee pressure; a continued shift away from actively managed fundamental equities and fixed income strategies towards alternatives, passive index and smart beta strategies; increased demands from clients and distributors for client engagement and services; a trend towards institutions concentrating on fewer relationships and partners and reducing the number of investment 11 Table of Contents managers they work with; consolidation among distributors and competitive pricing pressures; growth in private markets and alternatives requiring new capabilities; increased regulatory activity and scrutiny of many aspects of the asset management industry, including ESG practices and related matters, transparency/unbundling of fees, inducements, conflicts of interest, capital, liquidity, solvency, leverage, operational risk management, controls and compensation; divergent global regulatory requirements and evolving sustainability disclosure mandates; addressing the key emerging markets in the world, such as China and India, which often have populations with different needs, preferences and horizons than the more developed U.S. and European markets; advances in technology and digital wealth and distribution tools and increasing client interest in interacting digitally with their investment portfolios; cybersecurity, data privacy, and integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into investment and client service processes; and growing digital asset markets that remain subject to substantial volatility and significant regulatory uncertainty. As a result of these trends and pressures, the asset management industry is facing an increased level of disruption. If we are unable to adapt our strategy and business to adequately address these trends and pressures, we may be unable to satisfactorily meet client needs, our competitive position may weaken, and our AUM, revenues, and net income may be adversely affected. Competitive pressures may force us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, which could reduce our profitability. The investment management business is highly competitive, and we compete based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, range of products offered, brand recognition, business reputation, financial strength, stability and continuity of client and financial intermediary relationships, quality of service, level of fees charged for services and the level of compensation paid and distribution support offered to financial intermediaries. We continue to face market pressures regarding fee levels in many products, including low fee, passively managed products that compete with our actively managed products. Our competitors include many investment management firms and other financial institutions. Some of these institutions have greater capital and other resources, and offer more comprehensive lines of products and services, than we do. There are relatively few barriers to entry by new investment management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants around the world have also resulted in increased competition. Further, our competitors may increase their market share to our detriment by reducing fees. Failure to achieve scale or operational efficiencies in response to these pressures could further compress margins and negatively impact profitability. The increasing size and market influence of certain distributors of our products and of certain direct competitors may have a negative impact on our ability to compete at the same levels of profitability in the future. Competitive pressures may affect our economics in multiple ways, including forcing us to reduce the fees we charge clients and increasing the cost of delivering our products through higher or more expansive revenue share, all of which could adversely impact our profitability. In addition, technology is subject to rapid advancements and changes and our competitors may, from time to time, implement newer technologies or more advanced platforms for their services and products, including digital advisers, low cost, high speed financial applications and services and investment platforms based on AI and other advanced electronic systems, which could adversely affect our business if we are unable to remain competitive. Nontraditional competitors, including fintech firms and global platforms, may accelerate these trends and intensify pricing pressure. Our private market products include investments in private credit, real estate, private market funds of funds and direct equity investments in operating companies that may expose our investment products, our clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us to risks and liabilities and reputational harm. Our private market products include investments in private credit, real estate, private market funds of funds and direct equity investments in operating companies that may expose our investment products, our clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us to risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership, management and operation of such investments as well as reputational harm. These may include: • risks related to the potential illiquidity, valuation and disposition of such investments; • risks related to emerging and less established companies that have, among other things, short operating histories, not yet achieved or sustained profitability, new technologies and products, nascent control functions, quickly evolving markets and limited financial resources; • construction risks, including as a result of force majeure, labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment; • credit risks, including interest-rate movements and an issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments on the debt it issues; • risks related to investment in “stressed” and “distressed” securities, including abrupt and erratic market movements, above-average price volatility and bankruptcy; 12 Table of Contents • risks related to the ability to detect or prevent irregular accounting, employee misconduct or other fraudulent practices by any issuer or portfolio investment; • risks relating to minority equity investments and joint ventures, including limited control over the applicable portfolio investments or joint ventures; • risks associated with a lack of diversification, such that any adverse change in one or a small number of issuers could have a material adverse effect on an investment product’s or client’s investments; • accidents, pandemics, health crises or catastrophic events, climate-related risks, including greater frequency or intensity of adverse weather and natural disasters, that are beyond our control; • personal injury or property damage; • risks relating to reliance on underlying managers and funds to effect fund of funds programs; • risks relating to the use of leverage, including as a result of increasing interest rates or an inability to timely obtain and effectively deploy leverage; • failures on the part of third-party managers, service providers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws; • exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to private fund advisers, financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, lending, tenancy, housing affordability, occupational health and safety, employment law and regulation, foreign investment and environmental protection; • environmental hazards; • changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies; • risks related to the availability, cost, coverage and other limitations on insurance; • the financial resources of tenants or loan counterparties; • contingent liabilities on disposition of investments; and • conflicts of interest related to investments in operating companies. The above risks may expose our investment products, clients and us, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, to expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by our investment products and clients. These risks could also result in direct liability for us by exposing us to losses, regulatory sanctions or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. In addition, market conditions may change during the course of real estate development projects in which our investment products and clients invest that make such developments less attractive than at the time it commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of our investment products, our clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us. The occurrence of any such events may expose us to reputational harm, or cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. Our investment products, clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, we could incur losses if the allowance for credit losses, including loan and lending-related commitment reserves, of portfolio-level investments is inadequate or if our expectations of future economic conditions deteriorate. When our investment products or clients loan money, commit to loan money, provide credit or enter into a credit-related contract or mortgage loan with a counterparty, our investment products, clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, we incur credit risk or the risk of loss if the borrower or counterparty does not timely repay its loans or fails to perform according to the terms of its agreement. The revenues and profitability of investment products and clients may be subordinated (and thus exposed to the first level of default risk) or otherwise subject to substantial credit risks. Certain investments, including second lien debt, have a comparatively higher degree of risk of a loss of capital and may not show any return for a considerable period of time. The revenues and profitability of investment products, clients and, to the extent of our investment in such investment products, us are adversely affected when borrowers and counterparties default, in whole or in part, on their obligations or when there is a significant deterioration in the credit quality of the loan portfolio or decline in the value of collateral. In the event of a default, investment returns will depend on the ability to foreclose and liquidate the collateral. Certain debt-related holdings may be difficult or impossible to dispose of readily at what we believe to be a fair price. Investment products and clients can have exposure to lower-rated instruments and securities, which generally reflects a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of the borrower or in general economic conditions, including rising interest rates, inflation, geopolitical instability, or sector-specific stress, may impair the ability of the borrower to make payment of principal and interest. 13 Table of Contents Current and future market and economic developments may increase default and delinquency rates and negatively impact the quality of the credit portfolio. Although our estimates contemplate current conditions and how we expect them to change over the life of the investment portfolio, it is possible that actual conditions could be worse than anticipated, which could cause our revenues and net income to decline. We may be unable to develop new products and services, and the development of new products and services may expose us to additional costs or operational risk. Our financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services requires continued innovative efforts on our part and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, technology integration, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. New products often must be in the market place for three or more years in order to generate the track records required to attract significant AUM inflows. Increasingly, clients and intermediaries are looking to investment managers to deliver investment outcomes tailored to particular circumstances and needs, and to augment traditional investment management products and services with additional value-added services. A failure to continue to innovate and introduce successful new products and services or to manage effectively the risks associated with such products and services may impact our market share relevance and may cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. The failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may have a negative impact on similar Invesco products irrespective of our performance. Many competitors offer similar products to those offered by us, and the failure or negative performance of competitors’ products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar Invesco products, irrespective of the performance of our products. Any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, and may also increase regulatory focus and compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our AUM, revenues and net income or liquidity. Risks Related to Human Capital, Operations and Technology Our investment management professionals and other key employees are a vital part of our ability to attract and retain clients, and the loss of key individuals or a significant portion of those professionals could result in a reduction of our AUM, revenues and net income. Retaining highly skilled investment management and other personnel in-high demand is important to our ability to attract and retain our clients. The market for skilled investment management professionals and other key personnel is highly competitive. Our policy has been to provide our investment management professionals and other key personnel with a supportive professional working environment and compensation and benefits that we believe are competitive with other leading investment management firms. However, we may not be successful in retaining our investment management professionals and other key personnel, and the loss of significant investment professionals or other key personnel could reduce the attractiveness of our products and services to potential and current clients and could, therefore, adversely affect our AUM, revenues and net income. Changes in the distribution channels on which we depend could reduce our net income and hinder our growth. We sell substantially all of our retail investment products through a variety of third-party financial intermediaries. Increasing competition for these distribution channels could cause our distribution costs to rise, which would lower our net income. Certain of the third-party intermediaries upon whom we rely to distribute our investment products also sell their own competing proprietary investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products and certain distributors may demand higher levels of revenue sharing. Similarly, particularly in the U.S., certain distributors have substantially reduced the number of investment funds they make available to their customers. If a material portion of our distributors were to substantially narrow their product offerings, it could have a significant adverse effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. More broadly, in both retail and institutional channels, intermediaries (distribution firms and consultants) are seeking to reduce the number of investment management firms they do business with. While this offers opportunities to the company to have broader and deeper relationships with firms that continue to do business with us, it also poses risks of additional lost business if a particular firm chooses to stop or significantly reduce its business relationship with the company. Any failure to maintain strong business relationships with these intermediaries due to any of the above-described factors would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. 14 Table of Contents Investors, particularly in the institutional market, rely on external consultants and other third parties for advice on the choice of investment manager. These consultants and third parties tend to exert a significant degree of influence over their clients' choices, and they may favor one of our competitors over us as better meeting their particular clients' needs. There is no assurance that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. Any failure to maintain strong business relationships with the consultant community would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our AUM, revenues and net income. Failure to comply with client contractual requirements and/or investment guidelines could result in costs of correction, damage awards and/or regulatory fines and penalties against us and loss of revenues due to client terminations. Many of the investment management agreements under which we manage assets or provide products or services specify investment guidelines or requirements, such as adherence to investment restrictions or limits, that we are required to observe in the provision of our services. Laws and regulations impose similar requirements for certain investment products. A failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could result in damage to our reputation or in our clients seeking to recover losses, withdrawing their assets or terminating their contracts. Regulators likewise may commence enforcement actions for violations of such requirements, which could lead to fines and penalties against the company, which could cause our AUM, revenues and net income to decline. We maintain various compliance procedures and other controls to seek to prevent, detect and correct such errors. Significant errors by the company could impact our reputation, AUM, revenues, net income or liquidity. Our investment advisory agreements are subject to termination or non-renewal, and our fund and other investors may withdraw their assets at any time. Substantially all our revenues are derived from investment management agreements. Investment management agreements are generally terminable upon 30 or fewer days' notice. Agreements with U.S. registered funds may be terminated with notice or terminated in the event of an “assignment” (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), and must be renewed and approved annually by the disinterested members of each fund's Board of Trustees or Directors, as required by law. In addition, the Boards of Trustees or Directors of certain other funds generally may terminate these investment management agreements upon written notice for any reason. Open-end registered fund and unit trust investors may generally withdraw their funds at any time without prior notice. Institutional clients may elect to terminate their relationships with us or reduce the aggregate amount of AUM, generally on short notice. Any

=== IVZ_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors The company has had no significant changes in its risk factors from those previously disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Repurchases of Equity Securities The following table sets forth information regarding purchases of our common shares by us and any affiliated purchases during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Month Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Maximum Number at end of period (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) (millions) January 1-31, 2026 308,549 $ 28.27 287,871 $ 224.1 February 1-28, 2026 1,646,091 $ 26.38 542,525 $ 1,209.7 March 1-31, 2026 737,244 $ 24.01 726,854 $ 1,192.2 Total 2,691,884 1,557,250 __________ (1) An aggregate of 1,134,634 shares were surrendered to us by Invesco employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of equity awards. (2) At March 31, 2026, $192.2 million remained available under the share repurchase authorization approved by the Board on July 22, 2016, and an additional $1.0 billion was authorized by the Board on February 18, 2026 with no stated time limit or expiration date. Item 5. Other Information None . 42 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Index 3.1 Memorandum of Association of Invesco Ltd., incorporating amendments up to and including December 4, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Invesco’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 12, 2007 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of Invesco Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Invesco’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2023 3.3 Certificate of Designation for the 5.900% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual series A preference shares, par value $0.20 per share, of Invesco Ltd. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Invesco’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2019 22 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 to Invesco’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2024. 31.1 Certification of Andrew R. Schlossberg pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of L. Allison Dukes pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Andrew R. Schlossberg pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of L. Allison Dukes pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial statements from the company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 104 The cover page from the company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL 43 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INVESCO LTD. May 5, 2026 /s/ ANDREW R. SCHLOSSBERG Andrew R. Schlossberg President and Chief Executive Officer May 5, 2026 /s/ L. ALLISON DUKES L. Allison Dukes Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer 44 