=== TRMB_2026-04-09.htm.gz ===
trmb-20260409 0000864749 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0000864749 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 2023-12-30 2025-01-03 0000864749 2022-12-31 2023-12-29 0000864749 2022-01-01 2022-12-30 0000864749 2021-01-02 2021-12-31 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsReportedValueMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearVestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsThatFailedToMeetVestingConditionsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsValueOfDividendsAndOtherEarningsPaidAdjustmentMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsReportedValueMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedDuringTheYearVestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsGrantedInPriorYearsVestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsThatFailedToMeetVestingConditionsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 trmb:EquityAwardsValueOfDividendsAndOtherEarningsPaidAdjustmentMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 1 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 2 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 3 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 4 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 0000864749 5 2025-01-04 2026-01-02 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under Rule 14a-12 Trimble Inc. (Name of registrant as specified in its charter) (Name of person(s) filing proxy statement, if other than the registrant): N/A Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Confidence at every turn TM NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS AND PROXY STATEMENT 2026 Trimble Confidence at Every Turn Trimble is a global technology company that connects the physical and digital worlds, transforming the ways work gets done. With relentless innovation in precise positioning, modeling and data analytics, Trimble enables essential industries including construction, geospatial and transportation. Whether it s helping customers build and maintain infrastructure, design and construct buildings, optimize global supply chains or map the world, Trimble is at the forefront, driving productivity and progress. TRIMBLE INC. Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders When: Where: Who Can Vote: Tuesday, May 26, 2026 Virtually via the internet at Stockholders of record at the close of business on: 5:00 p.m. Mountain time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TRMB2026 Online check-in: 4:45 p.m. Mountain time March 30, 2026 Items of Business and Board Voting Recommendations 1 Election of directors FOR each of the nominees 2 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation ( Say on Pay ) FOR 3 Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm FOR 4 Approval of amendments to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan FOR Your Vote is Important All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting via the internet at the web portal listed above, where instructions on how to participate in the meeting are also posted. However, to ensure your representation at the meeting, you are urged to vote in advance of the meeting via the internet or by telephone or, if you requested to receive printed proxy materials, by mailing a proxy. Thank you for being a stockholder of Trimble. For the Board of Directors, B rje Ekholm, Chairperson of the Board April 9, 2026 TRIMBLE INC. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Table of Contents Introduction Executive Compensation Information Regarding the Meeting 1 Named Executive Officers 25 Executive Overview 2 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 26 Our Business 2 Introduction 26 Company Performance Highlights 2 Overview of Executive Compensation 29 Sustainability 5 Details of 202 5 Executive Compensation 36 Corporate Governance 7 Other Executive Compensation Matters 44 Corporate Governance Highlights 7 Compensation Committee Report 35 Executive Compensation Philosophy, Policies and Practices 9 Executive Compensation Tables 48 Post-Employment Compensation 54 Stockholder Communications with the Board 9 CEO Pay Ratio 58 Stockholder Engagement 9 Pay versus Performance 59 Director Independence 9 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 10 Proposals Item 1. Election of Directors 62 Board Matters Item 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 63 Board and Committee Structure 11 Board Leadership Structure; Oversight and Risk Management 11 Item 3. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 64 Board Meetings and Attendance 11 Item 4. App roval of Amendments to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 66 Committee Membership 12 Audit Committee 12 People Compensation Committee 13 Other Information Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 14 Audit Committee Report 73 Security Ownership 74 Directors 16 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 76 Nominees for Election 16 Equity Compensation Plan Information 76 Non-Employee Director Compensation 23 General Information 77 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 24 Information Concerning Solicitation and Voting 77 Internet Availability of Proxy Materials 78 Deadline for Receipt of Stockholder Proposal s for 2027 Annual Meeting 78 Additional Information 79 Appendix A: Reconciliation of GAAP to Non GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 Appendix B : E mployee Stock Purchase Plan B-1 Back to Contents INFORMATION REGARDING THE MEETING The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of the board of directors (the Board of Directors or Board ) of Trimble Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Trimble or the Company ), for use at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ), to be held live via the internet, on May 26, 2026, at 5:00 p.m. Mountain time, and at any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) thereof, for the purposes set forth herein and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 30, 2026 (the Record Date ). This proxy statement and the form of proxy card were first sent or made available to stockholders on approximately April 9, 2026. The proxy materials for the Annual Meeting, which include this notice of annual meeting and proxy statement and our annual report to stockholders, have been made available to our stockholders in a number of ways: If you requested electronic delivery, an email was sent to you containing voting instructions and internet links to access the proxy materials, which are also available at investor.trimble.com/annuals-and-proxies . If you requested full printed materials, a paper copy of our proxy materials was mailed to you, along with a proxy card. In all other cases, a notice of internet availability of proxy materials ( Notice of Internet Availability ) was mailed to you, containing instructions on how to vote and how to access the proxy materials, along with instructions on how to receive a paper copy of our proxy materials if you prefer. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Any stockholder can listen to and participate in the Annual Meeting live via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TRMB2026 . Our Board annually considers the appropriate format of our annual meeting. In 2026, we will only be hosting the Annual Meeting via live webcast on the internet. Hosting the Annual Meeting via the internet provides improved communication, reduced environmental impact and cost savings for our stockholders and the Company. Hosting a virtual meeting also enables increased stockholder attendance and participation since stockholders can participate and ask questions from any location around the world, and provides us an opportunity to give thoughtful responses. In addition, we intend the virtual meeting format to provide stockholders a similar level of transparency to the traditional in-person meeting format and we take steps to ensure such an experience. Our stockholders will be afforded the same opportunities to participate at the virtual Annual Meeting as they would at an in-person annual meeting of stockholders. Our virtual Annual Meeting allows stockholders to submit questions and comments during the meeting. After the meeting, we will spend up to 15 minutes answering stockholder questions that comply with the meeting rules of conduct, which will be posted on the virtual meeting web portal. If we receive substantially similar questions, we will group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid repetition. The Annual Meeting webcast will begin promptly at 5:00 p.m. Mountain time. We encourage you to access the meeting webcast prior to the start time. Online check-in will begin, and stockholders may begin submitting written questions, at 4:45 p.m. Mountain time, and you should allow ample time for the check-in procedures. The webcast of the Annual Meeting will be archived for one year after the date of the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TRMB2026 . Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 1 Back to Contents EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW This overview highlights information about the Company, including certain information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement, but does not contain all of the information that you should consider. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding the Company s performance in fiscal year 2025 ( fiscal 2025 or 2025 ), please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 2, 2026. Our Business Trimble is a leading technology solutions and platform provider, enabling office professionals and field workers to connect their workflows and industry lifecycles, driving a more productive, efficient, and sustainable future. With a focus on the industries that build, maintain, and move the world, the comprehensive depth and breadth of our solutions are transforming the way the world works, making it easier for Trimble customers to focus on what matters getting the job done right. Company Performance Highlights Fiscal 2025 Trimble achieved strong financial performance in 2025. Through ongoing execution of our Connect Scale strategy, we have continued to transform the Company s operational, strategic and financial performance. Since 2020, Trimble has completed 23 divestitures and 13 acquisitions, while achieving 14% organic compound annual growth of annualized recurring revenue ( ARR ), and an increase of 4 percentage points in our adjusted EBITDA margin. In 2025, we delivered record levels for three key financial metrics: annualized recurring revenue, gross margin, and operating margin profitability. Today s work requires solutions for an interconnected world, no matter the industry. This has driven Trimble to move increasingly from point solutions to connected workflows and connected ecosystems enabled by our industry platforms and our unique access to industry and workflow data all boosted by our AI capabilities. Our Connect Scale strategy connects digital and physical workflows across targeted industry segments and creates scale across Trimble through shared technology platforms. In 2025, we continued to advance this strategy, investing in people, process, and technology. Continued progress on the execution of this strategy is reflected in our financial results for 2025: We delivered revenue of $3.59 billion, achieving 6% organic revenue growth that underscores the strength of our core business. Overall revenue declined 3%, primarily due to planned divestitures, including the sale of our global transportation telematics ( Mobility ) business, bringing further clarity, focus and momentum to the rest of the business. We continued to shift toward a more significant mix of recurring revenue, with ARR reaching a record $2.39 billion in the fourth quarter of the year, up 14% year over year on an organic basis. As a percentage of the year s total revenue, ARR in the fourth quarter was 67%. GAAP gross margin rose from 65.1% to 69.1% and non-GAAP gross margin rose from 68.2% to 71.5%. Our operating income for the year was $592 million on a GAAP basis, representing 16.5% of revenue, and $988 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing 27.5% of revenue. Our adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.05 billion, representing 29.2% of revenue. We finished the year with software, services, and recurring revenue representing 79% of total revenue. We repurchased $875 million of our common stock. Organic revenue growth, non-GAAP gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see Appendix A to this proxy statement for definitions of these measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non GAAP financial measures. In addition to providing non-GAAP financial measures, we disclose ARR, a performance metric that is also defined in Appendix A, to give investors a supplementary indicator of the value of our current recurring revenue contracts. 2 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Selected highlights for each of our three reportable business segments, AECO (Architects, Engineers, Construction, and Owners), Field Systems, and T L (Transportation and Logistics), include the following: For our AECO segment, 2025 represented a year of progression. Revenue grew to $1.50 billion, with ARR growing 16% organically to $1.47 billion , capping 26 consecutive quarters of mid-teens or higher organic ARR growth. Our Field Systems segment delivered $1.54 billion in revenue and reached an important milestone, with software and services driving over 50% of revenue. The segment achieved 20% organic growth in ARR, with accelerating growth in new points of distribution. Our T L segment had revenue of $549 million, with 7% organic growth in ARR. The segment finished the year with recurring revenue representing over 90% of total revenue. Overall financial highlights for 2025 included: 2025 Change vs. 2024 Notes Total revenue $3.59 billion q 3% Organic growth p 6% Software, services and recurring revenue 79% of total revenue p vs. 76% in prior year Annualized recurring revenue $2.39 billion for the fourth quarter p 6% compared to fourth quarter of prior year Organic growth p 14% compared to fourth quarter of prior year Operating income $592 million GAAP p 29% 16.5% as a % of revenue vs. 12.5% in prior year $988 million non-GAAP p 5% 27.5% as a % of revenue vs. 25.4% in prior year Adjusted EBITDA $1.0 billion p 5% 29.2% as a % of revenue vs. 27.2% in prior year Net income $424 million GAAP q 72% 11.8% as a % of revenue vs. 40.8% in prior year $756 million non-GAAP p 7% 21.1% as a % of revenue vs. 19.1% in prior year Diluted net income per share $1.76 GAAP q vs. $6.09 in prior year $3.13 non-GAAP p vs. $2.85 in prior year Operating cash flow $386 million q vs. $531 million in prior year Repurchase of common stock $875 million $175 million in prior year See Appendix A to this proxy statement for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures, including operating income, net income, diluted net income per share, adjusted EBITDA, and organic revenue growth, along with a definition of annualized recurring revenue. Long-term performance Since 2020, Trimble s revenue, annualized recurring revenue, GAAP operating income, and adjusted EBITDA have grown at compound annual growth rates of 3%, 13%, 7%, and 6%, respectively, illustrating the Company s long-term growth trajectory over time. Also, as shown in the graph below, Trimble s cumulative total return has outperformed the S P 500 over the 20 year time horizon. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 3 Back to Contents Long-term growth strategy Our growth remains centered on executing our multi-year Connect Scale platform strategy. This strategy contains two elements: The first element, Connect , is a platform strategy to connect more customer workflows, industry lifecycles, and solution offerings, so that we can continue to transform the way our customers work. This includes integrating more of our customers data through cloud offerings, making more of our solutions available on a subscription basis, and further incorporating AI capabilities. For example, our flagship design and construction platform solution, Trimble Connect, enables entire project teams to collaborate in real-time between the office and the field to make efficient decisions around the same data-rich design model enhanced by our cloud capabilities. The second element, Scale , is about investing in the core people, processes, and technologies that allow the platforms to scale. They streamline and standardize our internal processes , providing a seamless experience for our customers as they engage with our connected solutions, and enable us to continue to grow our business efficiently and effectively for many years into the future. This network effect also means that the willingness of developers, partners, and end users to engage increases as the number of network participants grows, which further enhances the platform experience and end-user value. In executing our Connect Scale platform strategy, we continue to focus on the following key priorities: Deliver customer outcomes that can enable productivity, quality, safety, transparency, and environmental sustainability. Across our business segments, our technological solutions deliver customer value through digital transformation, replacing legacy methods to improve productivity, first-time quality, worker safety, operational transparency, and sustainability. Our construction and transportation management systems enable customers to optimize their business operations while gaining better operational insight and transparency to facilitate more informed decision-making. Our online, multi-sided marketplace solutions provide better real-time insight into market pricing and availability, while the deployment of AI across our solutions increases customer productivity through task and process automation. Our field solutions automate tasks and improve first-time quality, while improving operator safety, and the connection of data flows and workflows between field and office and across stakeholders facilitates operational efficiency and transparency. By delivering productivity and efficiency gains, avoiding re-work, and enabling more sustainable designs, Trimble solutions deliver sustainability advantages for our customers, reducing the use of fuels and other inputs, which delivers both reduced cost and lower carbon emissions. Focus on platforms, software, services, and data. Software and services targeted for the needs of vertical end markets are fundamental elements of our solutions and are core to our growth strategy. Our software is connecting stakeholders and their data across workflows and across the industry lifecycle continuums of our served industries. Together, our software and services solutions integrate and optimize workflows through data and AI, improving productivity across our subscriptions, maintenance, and support 4 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents offerings. These data and AI empowered workflows also provide us with enhanced business visibility and competitive advantage over time. Professional services constitute an additional customer offering that helps our customers integrate and optimize the use of our offerings in their environment. Address attractive markets with significant growth and profitability potential. We focus on large markets historically underserved by technology that offer significant potential for long-term revenue growth, profitability, and market leadership. We serve multi-trillion-dollar global industries that operate in demanding environments with technology adoption in the earlier phases relative to other industries. With the growth in mobile and cloud computing capabilities, increasing technological know-how of end users, and compelling return on investment, we believe many of our markets continue to be attractive for substituting Trimble s technology and solutions in place of traditional operating methods . Capitalize on domain knowledge and technological innovation that benefit a diverse customer base. Over time, we have redefined our technological focus from hardware-driven point solutions to integrated work process solutions and to industry ecosystems by developing domain expertise and heavily reinvesting in research and development ( R D ) and acquisitions. We have over 1,000 unique patents reflective of our technology portfolio and deep domain knowledge to deliver specific, targeted solutions quickly and cost-effectively to each of the vertical markets we serve. Our patent portfolio is continuously updated with new patent grants that emerge from our investments in R D. We continue to seek opportunities where the potential for technological change is high and require the integration of multiple technologies into complete vertical solutions. Drive geographic expansion with a localization strategy. We view international expansion as an important element of our strategy, and we continue to position ourselves in geographic markets that will serve as important sources of future growth. Products are sold in more than 160 countries through dealers, joint ventures, original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), and other channels throughout the world, as well as direct sales to end users. Sales are supported by our own offices located in over 40 countries around the world. Optimize go-to-market strategies to best access our markets. We utilize vertically focused go-to-market strategies that leverage domain expertise to best serve the needs of individual markets both domestically and abroad. These go-to-market capabilities include: direct sales to end users; independent dealers; joint ventures, including with Caterpillar, AGCO Corporation ( AGCO ), Hilti, and Nikon; OEM arrangements; and distribution alliances with key partners. This combination of channels provides us with broad market reach and localization capabilities to effectively serve our markets. Pursue strategic and targeted acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and investments . O rganic growth continues to be our primary focus, while acquisitions serve to enhance our market position. We acquire businesses that bring domain expertise, geographic presence, technology, products, and distribution capabilities that augment our portfolio and allow us to penetrate existing markets more effectively, or to establish a market beachhead. Our success in targeting and effectively integrating acquisitions is an important aspect of our growth strategy. Sustainability Sustainability is a fundamental aspect of Trimble s mission to Transform the Way the World Works. It is deeply integrated into our business strategy, guiding our innovations, investments, and operations. We aim to build resilience for our company, customers, and communities while fostering a culture of belonging, growth, and innovation. The Board ultimately oversees our sustainability strategy, although each standing committee of the Board addresses various sustainability matters and the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee includes oversight regarding the Company s strategies, programs, initiatives and policies for sustainability and corporate governance. In fulfilling this role, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee engages with Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 5 Back to Contents management on such matters, and develops and recommends to the Board corporate governance principles applicable to the Company and oversees the implementation of these principles. Building Resilience Enable customers to adapt, grow, and thrive in the face of change Driving decarbonization in our own operations and supply chain Empowering People Guided by our values of Belong, Grow, and Innovate Activated by our leadership capabilities of Inspire, Engage, and Achieve Leading with Integrity Corporate and Sustainability Governance Ethical Business Practices Privacy and Cybersecurity More information about how we are transforming the way the world works to shape a sustainable future for our customers, our employees and our planet, can be found at trimble.com/sustainability . (The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.) 6 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance Highlights Corporate Governance Framework Our Board recognizes that Trimble s success over the long term requires a strong corporate governance framework. Below are highlights of our corporate governance framework: We actively engage our stockholders for feedback. We adopted an amendment to our bylaws in December 2023 to adopt a majority voting standard for the election of directors, rather than a plurality voting standard (although contested elections will continue to be governed by plurality voting). In the amendment to our bylaws, we added a provision giving stockholders a proxy access right. We have no supermajority voting requirements. Our Board of Directors has an independent chairperson. We focus on Board refreshment and strive for a broad mix of skills and perspectives . More than half of our current directors have less than seven years of current tenure and a third of our current directors are female and/or ethnically diverse. (Please note that James Dalton is not standing for reelection and the composition of the Board will therefore change following the Annual Meeting, subject to the appointment of any new directors thereafter. ) We have stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors, and a stock ownership policy applicable to our executive officers, including our CEO. We have established a succession planning process and we actively plan for executive succession on an ongoing basis. We have no single-trigger full vesting arrangements upon a change in control, and no excise tax gross up. The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the oversight of risk management for the Company. The Board of Directors oversees cybersecurity risk at the Company, with the Audit Committee receiving regular updates on cybersecurity risk management. Oversight of the Company s financial matters and related risks lies with the Audit Committee. In setting compensation, our People Compensation Committee considers the risks to our stockholders and the Company as a whole. The Company s corporate governance principles are overseen by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and set forth in our publicly available Corporate Governance Guidelines. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 7 Back to Contents Board Composition and Skills We believe that our directors are highly qualified and well-suited to provide effective oversight of our continuously evolving business, and that they provide our Board with a balance of critical skills and an effective mix of experience and expertise, as summarized below ( based on all current directors, including Mr. Dalton, who is not standing for reelection ) . Skills Attributes Number of Directors Leadership Demonstrated understanding of essential leadership qualities; ability to develop leadership potential in others and effectively implement transformational change within organizations 10 Innovation Experience with innovative technologies and their development and deployment; understanding of relevant technological trends and their disruptive potential 9 Domain Expertise Understanding of the industries we serve, including market dynamics, customer workflows, and developing trends 5 Global Business Experience with international dynamics and complexity, multinational operations, and the development of international relationships and opportunities 8 Go-To-Market Understanding of how to optimally bundle, launch, market and distribute new solutions to deliver compelling value to customers 6 Financial Expertise Knowledge of financial accounting and reporting, financial markets, and finance operations and management, including capital deployment 6 Strategic Transactions Familiarity with driving business transformation through M A, strategic alliances, investments, and significant commercial partnerships 6 Sustainability Experience with sustainability and corporate governance initiatives, including long-term sustainability and value creation, and public company governance oversight 9 Our Board strives to maintain a broad mix of skills, experience, and perspectives. Our directors have a range of tenures on the Board, as shown in the chart below, with an average tenure of 8.4 years ( based on the tenures of all current directors, including Mr. Dalton, who is not standing for reelection ) . 8 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Executive Compensation Philosophy, Policies and Practices Our executive compensation philosophy is based on our continuing objective of attracting and retaining exceptional people and fostering and supporting a pay-for-performance culture. We have designed our executive compensation program to closely align with the interests of our stockholders. A substantial portion of executive compensation is at risk based on our performance, with a significant weight toward long-term equity awards tied closely to stockholder returns and long-term objectives. Our executives are required to hold a minimum ownership level of our common stock and are prohibited from engaging in hedging or pledging activities with our common stock. Our compensation programs are designed to promote performance without incentivizing our executives to take excessive risk, and executive compensation is subject to a clawback policy, which allows for the recovery of certain compensation in the event of a material restatement of our financial results or certain misconduct by an executive officer. As discussed in detail under Compensation Discussion and Analysis later in this proxy statement, we provide very limited executive-only benefits, with no special pension arrangements or retirement plans (although we do have an Age Service Equity Vesting Program, as described under Post-Employment Compensation later in this proxy statement). We provide no significant perquisites or other personal benefits for our executive officers, other than an annual executive physical exam, and no tax reimbursements or gross up payments, other than related to standard relocation benefits. Stockholder Communications with the Board The Board has established a process to receive communications from stockholders. Stockholders of the Company may communicate with one or more of the Company s directors (including any committee of the Board) by mail in care of Board of Directors, Trimble Inc., 10368 Westmoor Dr, Westminster, CO 80021. Such communications should specify the intended recipient or recipients. The Corporate Secretary periodically will forward such communications or provide a summary to the Board or the relevant members of the Board. Stockholder Engagement Our Board values the opinions of our stockholders and carefully considers feedback received with regard to our governance practices, executive compensation program, and management of key sustainability and corporate governance topics. Over the past several years, our management team has engaged with stockholders to better understand their views regarding our approach to executive compensation. In recent years, we have made changes to our executive compensation program in response to this input and based upon our ongoing review of best practices. At our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, we conducted our annual non-binding stockholder advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers, commonly known as a Say on Pay vote. Our stockholders approved the Say on Pay proposal with 93.5% of the votes cast in favor of the proposal. As part of our ongoing investor engagement, our Investor Relations team and Chief Financial Officer engage with stockholders to discuss topics of interest to them and to proactively provide key updates to them. The feedback gathered during these conversations helps inform the Board s thinking, in particular about compensation, governance and disclosure. We value the opinions of our stockholders and will continue to consider the outcome of future Say on Pay votes, as well as feedback received throughout the year, when making decisions regarding compensation for our executive officers. Director Independence As a result of the Board s annual review, and based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, the Board has determined that each of the directors besides Mr. Painter is independent under applicable Nasdaq rules. In making this determination, the Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director, and any of his or her family members, has with the Company, our senior management and our independent registered public accounting firm, and all other facts and circumstances deemed relevant in determining their independence. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 9 Back to Contents Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The Company reviews all relationships and transactions between the Company, on the one hand, and our directors, executive officers and their immediate family members, on the other hand, to determine whether such persons have a direct or indirect material interest. The Company s legal team is primarily responsible for the development and implementation of processes and controls to obtain information from the directors and executive officers with respect to related person transactions and for subsequently determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in any transaction with the Company. On an annual basis, all directors and executive officers must respond to a questionnaire requiring disclosure about any related person transactions, arrangements or relationships (including indebtedness). As required under rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), any transactions with the Company that are determined to be directly or indirectly material to a related person are disclosed in the Company s applicable SEC filings. In addition, certain aspects of such types of transactions are the subject of the Company s Business Ethics and Conduct Policy. This policy applies to all of the Company s employees, directors and officers and is available on the Company s website at investor.trimble.com/governance . Pursuant to the policy, all employees must seek a waiver or approval from the Company s Compliance Officer for all actual or apparent conflicts of interests. Waivers affecting the Company s officers or members of the Board must be approved by the Board. The Company s officers must report any violations of the policy to the Company s Compliance Officer or the chairperson of the Board. The Company s Compliance Officer is (i) the Company s general counsel, (ii) in the general counsel s absence, the chairperson of the Audit Committee, or (iii) such other person as the Board may designate. In determining whether to approve or ratify a related party transaction, the Company s Compliance Officer may consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including the following factors: the nature of the related person s interest in the transaction; the material terms of the transaction, including the amount involved and type of transaction and whether the terms are at least as favorable to the Company as those available from non-related parties; the importance of the transaction to the related person and to the Company; whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders; and any other matters that the Audit Committee or other committee, as applicable, deems appropriate. 10 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents BOARD AND COMMITTEE STRUCTURE Board Leadership Structure; Oversight and Risk Management The Company separates the positions of chief executive officer and chairperson of the Board, which allows our CEO to focus on our day-to-day business, while allowing the chairperson to lead the Board in its fundamental role of providing independent advice to, and oversight of, management. The chairperson of the Board is responsible for presiding and setting the agenda at full sessions of the Board, in consultation with our CEO, and recommending committee assignments to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The chairperson also presides at executive sessions of the Board, in addition to coordinating the activities of the independent directors and committee chairpersons and facilitating communications between the other members of the Board. The role of chairperson is currently filled by Mr. Ekholm. In connection with Mr. Ekholm s appointment as chairperson, the Board considered Mr. Ekholm s demonstrated leadership during his tenure as a member of the Board and its committees. The Board believes that Mr. Ekholm s ability to act as a strong chairperson will provide balance in the Company s leadership structure and help ensure a strong, independent and active Board. The Board has overall responsibility for the oversight of risk management for the Company, and it exercises this oversight through committees and regular engagement with the Company s senior management. The Audit Committee has oversight of the Company s financial matters, internal controls, financial reporting, and internal investigations relating to financial misconduct. The Audit Committee also reviews cybersecurity risk exposure and mitigation, and receives regular updates on cybersecurity risk management as well as timely notice of any material developments through escalation processes. The People Compensation Committee has oversight of our compensation policies and practices and also reviews human capital management activities. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for the independence and qualification of our Board members and the Company s corporate governance principles, and also has oversight with respect to the Company s strategies, programs, initiatives and policies for sustainability matters. The committees report their activities back to the Board. In addition, members of the Company s senior management attend meetings of the Board to discuss strategic planning and risks and opportunities for the Company s business areas, in addition to answering any questions that the Board may raise. The Board ultimately oversees our sustainability strategy, although each standing committee of the Board addresses various sustainability matters and the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee includes oversight regarding the Company s strategies, programs, initiatives and policies for sustainability and corporate governance. Board Meetings and Attendance The Board held 4 meetings during 2025. No director attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate of (i) all the meetings of the Board and (ii) all the meetings of all the committees upon which he or she served in 2025 (during the periods in which such director served in each such capacity). It is the Company s policy to encourage directors to attend the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. All of the current members of the Board who were directors at the time of the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders attended the meeting, except for Mr. Ekholm and Ms. Sprague who were unable to attend due to travel and scheduling conflicts. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 11 Back to Contents Committee Membership The composition of the committees of the current Board is as set forth below. Audit Committee People Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (9 meetings) (5 meetings) (4 meetings) James C. Dalton (1) I B rje Ekholm I Kaigham (Ken) Gabriel I Meaghan Lloyd I Ronald S. Nersesian I Mark S. Peek I FE Kara Sprague I Thomas Sweet I FE Johan Wibergh I = chair = member FE = financial expert I = independent (1) Mr. Dalton is not standing for reelection at the Annual Meeting. Audit Committee The Board has a separately-designated, standing Audit Committee ( Audit Committee ), established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The current members of the Audit Committee are directors Gabriel, Peek, Sprague, and Sweet. Director Peek currently serves as the committee chair. The Audit Committee held 9 meetings during 2025. The Audit Committee is governed by a charter, a current copy of which is available on our corporate website at investor.trimble.com/governance . The purpose of the Audit Committee is to make such examinations as are necessary to monitor the corporate financial reporting and the internal and external audits of the Company, to provide to the Board the results of its examinations and recommendations derived therefrom, to outline to the Board improvements made, or to be made, in internal accounting controls, to nominate the independent registered public accounting firm, and to provide such additional information as the Audit Committee may deem necessary to make the Board aware of significant financial matters which require the Board s attention. The Audit Committee also reviews cybersecurity risk exposure and mitigation, receives regular updates from the Company s senior management on cybersecurity risk management, and through escalation processes, receives timely notices of any material developments. All Audit Committee members are independent directors as defined by applicable Nasdaq rules and listing standards. All members of the Audit Committee are financially sophisticated and are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. The Board has determined that each of directors Peek and Sweet is a financial expert (as defined in SEC rules). Mr. Peek has an extensive accounting and financial management background, which includes holding positions as chief financial officer and chief accounting officer with several leading publicly-traded technology companies, and almost two decades of experience with Deloitte. Mr. Sweet has deep expertise in finance and accounting, 12 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents including from serving as the CFO of Dell Technologies, from serving in leadership roles in finance and accounting at other companies, and from more than a decade of experience at Price Waterhouse. People Compensation Committee The Board has a standing People Compensation Committee ( People Compensation Committee ), comprised of directors Ekholm, Lloyd, Nersesian, and Wibergh. Director Wibergh currently serves as the committee chair. The People Compensation Committee held 5 meetings during 2025. The People Compensation Committee is governed by a charter, a current copy of which is available on our corporate website at investor.trimble.com/governance . The purpose of the People Compensation Committee is to make decisions with respect to all forms of compensation to be paid or provided to the Company s executive officers, in consultation with the full Board where appropriate. In 2022, the oversight role of the People Compensation Committee was expanded to include human capital management, with a refreshed charter that extended the purview of the committee to Trimble s culture, engagement, talent management and development, talent acquisition and retention, employee safety, and people and culture initiatives. In recognition of this change, the committee was renamed from the Compensation Committee to the People Compensation Committee. All People Compensation Committee members are independent as defined by applicable Nasdaq rules and listing standards. The People Compensation Committee retains its own independent advisor to assist in committee matters and has the authority to hire and terminate this advisor at its discretion. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the Company s executive officers serve on the board of directors or compensation committee of a company that has an executive officer that serves on our Board or on the People Compensation Committee. Risk Assessment In setting compensation, our People Compensation Committee considers the risks to our stockholders, and the Company as a whole, arising out of our compensation programs. The Company s management team has assessed the risk profile of our compensation programs. Their review considered risk-determining characteristics of the overall structure and individual components of our Company-wide compensation program, including base salaries, cash incentive plans and equity plans. The management team provided its findings to the People Compensation Committee for review and consideration. Following this ongoing assessment, and after consultation with its independent advisor, the People Compensation Committee concurred with management s conclusions that the Company s compensation policies were not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. For example: Balance of Compensation : Across the Company, individual elements of our compensation program include base salaries, incentive compensation, and for certain of our employees, equity-based awards. By providing a mix of different elements of compensation that reward both short-term and long-term performance and that focus on varying performance metrics, the Company s compensation programs as a whole provide a balanced approach to incentivizing and retaining employees, without placing an inappropriate emphasis on any particular form of compensation. Objective Company Results and Pre-established Performance Measures Dictate Annual Incentives : Under the Company s cash incentive plans, payments are subject to the satisfaction of specific performance targets established by the People Compensation Committee. These performance targets are directly and specifically tied to financial performance metrics for the Company and/or divisions for the applicable fiscal year, as well as, in certain cases, individual performance against pre-defined objectives. Payments are made based on actual achievement of the performance goals. Use of Long-Term Incentive Compensation : Equity-based long-term incentive compensation that vests over a period of years is a key component of total compensation of our executives. This vesting period encourages our executives to focus on sustaining the Company s long-term performance. These grants are also made annually, so executives always have unvested awards that could decrease significantly in value if our business is not managed for the long-term. In addition, a significant portion of equity awards granted to our executives includes performance-based vesting. These awards, for which vesting is typically based upon either the achievement of specific financial objectives by the Company or upon our total shareholder return Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 13 Back to Contents relative to the component stocks of the S P 500 Index, further align the compensation of our executives with the long-term interests of our stockholders. Internal Processes Further Limit Risk : The Company has in place additional processes to limit risk to the Company from our compensation programs. Specifically, payroll programs and financial results upon which incentive compensation payments are based are subject to regular review and audit, and our human resources executives meet periodically with our internal audit personnel to review various controls in place with respect to our compensation programs, including for our executives. In addition, the People Compensation Committee engages an external compensation consulting firm for design and review of our compensation programs, as well as external legal counsel to assist with the periodic review of our compensation plans to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Board has a standing Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ( Nominating and Governance Committee ), comprised of directors Dalton (who is not standing for reelection), Lloyd and Peek. Director Lloyd serves as committee chair. The Nominating and Governance Committee met 4 times during 2025. The Nominating and Governance Committee is governed by a charter that is posted on the Company s website at investor.trimble.com/governance . The purpose of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to recommend to the Board individuals qualified to serve on the Board and its committees, and to advise the Board with respect to composition, procedures and committees. Additionally, the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the Company s strategies, programs, initiatives and policies for sustainability matters, engages with management on such matters, and develops and recommends to the Board corporate governance principles applicable to the Company and oversees the implementation of these principles. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. In considering candidates submitted by stockholders, the Nominating and Governance Committee will take into consideration the needs of the Board and the qualifications of the candidate. To have a candidate be considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee, a stockholder must submit the recommendation in writing and the recommendation must include the following information and otherwise comply with Section 6 of Article II of our Bylaws: The name of the stockholder and evidence of the stockholder s ownership of Company shares, including the number of shares owned and the length of time of ownership, and information regarding all shares of stock of the Company owned by such stockholder s affiliates or associates; The stockholder s representation that he or she intends to appear in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; The name, age, business address and residence address of the candidate; The principal occupation or employment of the candidate, the candidate s resume or a listing of his or her qualifications to be a director of the Company, and information regarding all shares of stock of the Company that are owned by the candidate or his or her affiliates or associates; The candidate s written representation and agreement that, if elected as a director of the Company, such person has not given any commitment or assurance to any person or entity as to how such person would act or vote on any issue or question and will not enter into any undisclosed agreement with any person or entity other than the Company with respect to any director or indirect compensation in connection with service or action as a director of the Company; The candidate s consent to be named as a director if selected by the Nominating and Governance Committee and nominated by the Board; and An undertaking by both the nominating stockholder and the candidate to promptly furnish such other information as the Company may reasonably request. The stockholder recommendation and information described above must be sent to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s Chair in care of the Corporate Secretary at Trimble Inc., 10368 Westmoor Dr, Westminster, CO 80021 and must be received by the Corporate Secretary not earlier than January 26, 2027 and not later than February 25, 2027, except if the annual meeting for 2027 is called for a date earlier than April 26, 2027 or later than June 25, 2027, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later 14 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting for 2027 is mailed or the date the Company announces the date of the annual meeting for 2027, whichever occurs first. The Company s bylaws also allow eligible stockholders to nominate a candidate for election as a director in accordance with the proxy access provisions of the bylaws, which permit a nominating group of up to 20 stockholders owning 3% or more of our common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate director candidates constituting up to the greater of (i) 20% of the number of directors in office on December 10, 2026 or (ii) two directors; provided that the stockholder (or group) and each nominee satisfy the requirements specified in the Company s bylaws. Eligible stockholders who wish to nominate a candidate or candidates for inclusion in the proxy statement and form of proxy related to the Company s 2027 annual meeting of stockholders in accordance with such proxy access provisions must send notice to the Company in compliance with the requirements set forth in its bylaws, which must be received by the Company not earlier than November 10, 2026 and not later than December 10, 2026. The Nominating and Governance Committee believes that the minimum qualifications for serving as a director of the Company are that a nominee demonstrate possession of such knowledge, experience, skills, expertise, personal and professional integrity, character, business judgment, time availability in light of other commitments, dedication, potential conflicts of interest, and diversity of backgrounds and skill sets, so as to enhance the Board s ability to manage and direct the affairs and business of the Company, including, when applicable, to enhance the ability of committees of the Board to fulfill their duties and/or to satisfy any independence requirements imposed by law, regulation or Nasdaq listing requirement. The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies potential nominees by asking current directors and executive officers to notify the Nominating and Governance Committee if they become aware of persons, meeting the criteria described above, who have had a change in circumstances that might make them available to serve on the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee also, from time to time, may engage firms that specialize in identifying director candidates and pay any corresponding fees for such services. As described above, the Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider candidates recommended by stockholders. Once a person has been identified by the Nominating and Governance Committee as a potential candidate, the Nominating and Governance Committee may collect and review publicly available information regarding the candidate to assess whether the candidate should be considered further. If the Nominating and Governance Committee determines that the candidate warrants further consideration, the chairperson or another member of the Nominating and Governance Committee contacts the candidate. Generally, if the person expresses a willingness to be considered and to serve on the Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee requests information from the candidate, reviews the candidate s accomplishments and qualifications, including in light of any other candidates that the Nominating and Governance Committee might be considering, and conducts one or more interviews with the candidate. In certain instances, Nominating and Governance Committee members may contact one or more references provided by the candidate or may contact other members of the business community or other persons that may have greater first-hand knowledge of the candidate s accomplishments. The Nominating and Governance Committee s evaluation process does not vary based on whether or not a candidate is recommended by a stockholder. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 15 Back to Contents DIRECTORS Nominees for Election Name Age (1) Principal Occupation Director Since B rje Ekholm * 63 President and Chief Executive Officer, Ericsson 2020 (2) Kaigham (Ken) Gabriel 70 Chief Executive Officer, Pitt BioForge 2015 Meaghan Lloyd 51 Chief of Staff and Partner, Gehry Partners, LLP 2016 Ronald S. Nersesian 66 Chair of the Board of Directors, Keysight Technologies 2024 (3) Robert G. Painter 54 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company 2020 Mark S. Peek 68 Former Co-President, Workday 2010 Kara Sprague 45 Chief Executive Officer, HackerOne 2024 Thomas Sweet 66 Former Chief Financial Officer, Dell Technologies 2022 Johan Wibergh 62 Former Chief Technology Officer, Vodafone 2018 Not standing for reelection James C. Dalton 70 Retired, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 2020 (4) * Chairperson (1) As of the Record Date. (2) Mr. Ekholm was reappointed to the Board in 2020, having previously served as a director from 2015 to 2017. (3) Mr. Nersesian was reappointed to the Board in 2024, having previously served as a director from 2011 to 2021. (4) Mr. Dalton, who has served as a director since 2020, is not standing for reelection. His position on the Board will end on the date of the Annual Meeting. 16 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents B rje Ekholm President and Chief Executive Officer, Ericsson Chairperson of the Board Member of the People Compensation Committee Other public boards: Ericsson Mr. Ekholm has been president and chief executive officer of Ericsson, a multinational networking and telecommunications company, since January 2017. From 1992 to January 2017, he held various positions with Investor AB, an investment firm and holding company with controlling stakes in several large Swedish companies and smaller positions in a number of other firms. Mr. Ekholm s positions with Investor AB included: from May 2015 to January 2017, he was chief executive officer of Patricia Industries, a unit of Investor AB that includes its wholly-owned and partner-owned companies, as well as financial investments; from September 2005 to May 2015, he was president and chief executive officer of Investor AB; from 1997 to 2005, he was responsible for all private equity investment activities within Investor AB and was also head of Investor Growth Capital, Investor AB s wholly owned venture capital arm; from 1995 to 1997, he founded and managed Novare Kapital, an early stage venture capital company owned by Investor AB; and from 1997 to 2015, he was also a member of Investor AB s Management Group. Mr. Ekholm is a director of Ericsson, was previously a director of Alibaba Group (having retired from its board in March 2022), and was previously a director of Nasdaq (having resigned in May 2017). He also currently serves on the board of the Swedish American Chamber of Commerce New York. Mr. Ekholm has a Master of Business Administration from INSEAD, France and holds a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. Qualifications: Mr. Ekholm is qualified to serve as director of the Company because he brings a valuable combination of operational and financial management expertise, particularly in the areas of networking and telecommunications, through his experience as president and chief executive officer of Ericsson, and of venture capital, through his experience serving as president and chief executive officer of Patricia Industries and Investor AB, and manager of Novare Kapital. In addition, Mr. Ekholm brings management expertise from a diverse range of industries and organizations through his former service as chairman of the board of Nasdaq OMX and a director of Alibaba Group, Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson and the KTH Royal Institute of Technology. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 17 Back to Contents Kaigham (Ken) Gabriel Chief Executive Officer, Pitt BioForge Member of the Audit Committee Other public boards: None Dr. Gabriel is chief executive officer of Pitt BioForge, which will operate an advanced biomanufacturing facility being established by the University of Pittsburgh (Pitt), and is the founding director of Pitt s Advanced Biomanufacturing Institute. He is also a Senior Advisor for the industrial growth team at Arsenal Capital Partners, which he joined in 2021. From 2020 to 2023, Dr. Gabriel was the Chief Operating Officer of Wellcome Leap, an independent innovation organization funded by the Wellcome Trust, the world s fifth largest research trust. Wellcome Leap works at the intersection of engineering and life-sciences to deliver critical medical and healthcare capabilities at accelerated timescales. From 2014 to May 2020, he was the president and chief executive officer of The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory, an independent not-for-profit research institution that develops innovative technology solutions in the fields of national security, space, biomedical systems and energy. Prior to that, Dr. Gabriel served as deputy director of the Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) group at Google from 2012 to 2014 and as corporate vice president at Google/Motorola Mobility. From 2009 to 2012, he was the deputy director, and then acting director, of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in the Department of Defense. Between 2002 and 2009, Dr. Gabriel was the Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Technology Officer of Akustica, a fabless semiconductor company that commercialized Micro Electro Mechanical Systems audio devices and sensors. Dr. Gabriel holds SM and ScD degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Qualifications: Dr. Gabriel is qualified to serve as director of the Company because of his strong background and experience in management in technology companies, including in his current and past positions with Pitt BioForge, Wellcome Leap, and Draper Laboratory. Dr. Gabriel also brings deep technological expertise and knowledge of the industry to the Company. Meaghan Lloyd Chief of Staff and Partner, Gehry Partners, LLP Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Member of the People Compensation Committee Other public boards: None Ms. Lloyd is the chief of staff and a partner at Gehry Partners, LLP, a full service architectural firm with extensive international experience in the design and construction of academic, museum, theater, performance, and commercial projects. Founded in 1962 in Los Angeles, California, Gehry Partners mission is to raise architecture to the level of art, while creating buildings that meet the project s functional and budgetary needs. She has held this position since 2009. Prior to this, she was a designer working with Frank Gehry in the firm. In addition to her duties at Gehry Partners, she served as chief executive officer of Gehry Technologies, Inc., a cloud-based software and service company for the architectural, engineering and construction sectors, from 2013 to 2014. Ms. Lloyd received her Bachelor of Science in Architectural Studies from the University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana and her Master of Architecture from Yale University. She is a board member of Turnaround Arts California. Qualifications: Ms. Lloyd is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because she brings a valuable combination of operational and project management expertise, and because of her significant industry knowledge and experience in the areas of architecture, construction, and design from her work with Gehry Partners, LLP. 18 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Ronald S. Nersesian Chair of the Board of Directors, Keysight Technologies Member of the People Compensation Committee Other public boards: Keysight Technologies Ronald S. Nersesian currently serves as non-executive chair of the board of Keysight Technologies, an electronic measurement company. He was executive chair of the board of Keysight Technologies from May 2022 through April 2023, having become chair of the board in 2019. Prior to becoming executive chair of the board in May 2022, he was president, chief executive officer, and a director of Keysight Technologies beginning in 2013, when Agilent Technologies announced the separation of its electronic measurement business and launched Keysight Technologies. From November 2012 to September 2013, he served as president and chief operating officer of Agilent Technologies. From November 2011 to November 2012, he served as Agilent Technologies executive vice president and chief operating officer. From March 2009 to November 2011, Mr. Nersesian served as president of Agilent s Electronic Measurement group (EMG), and from February 2005 to March 2009, he served as the vice president and general manager of the Wireless Business Unit of EMG. Mr. Nersesian joined Agilent in 2002 as vice president and general manager of the company s Design Validation Division. Mr. Nersesian began his career in 1982 with Computer Sciences Corporation as a systems engineer for satellite communications systems. In 1984, he joined Hewlett-Packard, and served in a range of management roles during his tenure. In 1996, Mr. Nersesian joined LeCroy Corporation as vice president of worldwide marketing and subsequently assumed other senior management roles, including senior vice president and general manager of the company s digital storage oscilloscope business. He is also a member of Georgia Tech s Advisory Board. Mr. Nersesian holds a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Lehigh University and an MBA from New York University, Stern School of Business. Mr. Nersesian previously served on Trimble s board from 2011 to 2021. Qualifications: Mr. Nersesian is qualified to serve as director of the Company because of his strong business operational experience with technology companies and management expertise developed over three decades. This breadth of experience includes his recent service as president and chief executive officer of Keysight Technologies. Mr. Nersesian has extensive experience in managing and growing international technology enterprises, which is directly relevant and valuable to the Company. Robert G. Painter President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Other public boards: Synopsys, Inc. Mr. Painter became Trimble s president and chief executive officer in January 2020, having first joined the Company in 2006. From 2016 through 2019, he served as the Company s chief financial officer. Prior to that, Mr. Painter held a variety of positions in the Company, including vice president of Trimble Buildings construction software, general manager of the Intelligent Construction Tools international joint venture, general manager of Construction Services, and leadership positions in corporate development and corporate strategy. He holds a bachelor s degree in finance from West Virginia University and an MBA from Harvard University. Mr. Painter joined the board of Synopsys, Inc. in August 2023. Qualifications: Mr. Painter is qualified to serve as director of the Company because of his intimate knowledge and understanding of the Company s businesses, finances, and operations, resulting from his service in various senior management roles in different functional areas and operating divisions of the Company, including his service as chief financial officer of the Company from 2016 to 2019. In addition, Mr. Painter brings to the Board extensive operating and finance experience from his senior roles in other large companies prior to joining the Company. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 19 Back to Contents Mark S. Peek Former Co-President, Workday Chair of the Audit Committee and Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other public boards: SentinelOne Mr. Peek is the former Co-President of Workday, Inc., a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. Until May 2025, he was executive vice president of Workday, a position he held beginning February 2018, and until October 2022, he was simultaneously the managing director and head of Workday Ventures, the strategic investment arm of Workday. From June 2015 to February 2018, Mr. Peek was co-president of Workday. He joined Workday in June 2012 as chief financial officer and served in that capacity until April 2016. From December 2011 to June 2012, Mr. Peek also served on the board of directors of Workday. Prior to joining Workday, Mr. Peek was president, business operations and chief financial officer of VMware, Inc., a provider of business infrastructure virtualization solutions. From April 2007 to January 2011, Mr. Peek served as chief financial officer of VMware, Inc. From 2000 to 2007, Mr. Peek was senior vice president and chief accounting officer at Amazon.com. Prior to joining Amazon.com, Mr. Peek spent 19 years at Deloitte, the last ten years as a partner. Since May 2021, Mr. Peek has served on the board of directors of SentinelOne, a provider of autonomous cybersecurity solutions. Mr. Peek also serves on the Advisory Board of the Foster School of Business at the University of Washington. Mr. Peek received a B.S. in accounting and international finance from Minnesota State University. Qualifications: Mr. Peek is qualified to serve as director of the Company because of his strong background and years of experience in accounting and financial management, as well as his industry knowledge regarding software as a service (SaaS) and cloud computing. Mr. Peek brings key financial expertise gained through his service as chief financial officer at Workday, Inc., as chief financial officer at VMware, as chief accounting officer at Amazon.com, and his 19 years of experience at Deloitte. Mr. Peek brings valuable technology industry knowledge from his role as managing director and head of Workday Ventures and his prior service as co-president of Workday. Kara Sprague Chief Executive Officer, HackerOne Member of the Audit Committee Other public boards: None Ms. Sprague is Chief Executive Officer at HackerOne, a cybersecurity solution provider. Prior to joining HackerOne in November 2024, she was Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer at F5, a hybrid multi-cloud application security and delivery solution provider. She joined F5 in 2017 as General Manager for the Application Delivery Controller business, became Executive Vice President, Application Delivery and Enterprise Product Operations in 2020, and became Chief Product Officer in 2022. Prior to F5, Ms. Sprague spent 13 years with McKinsey Company, where she held various leadership positions across their technology practice, including Managing Partner of the Technology, Media and Telecom Practice for the Western Region. Earlier in her career, Ms. Sprague was on the engineering staff of Oracle, Agilent Technologies, and Hewlett-Packard. She holds multiple degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, including Bachelor of Science and Master of Engineering degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, and a Master s degree in Technology and Public Policy. Qualifications: Ms. Sprague is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because of her expertise in engineering and product development, her domain knowledge and experience, particularly in cloud services and security, her leadership abilities gained from her executive positions as well as her consulting experience, and her long involvement with bringing innovative technologies to market. 20 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Thomas Sweet Former Chief Financial Officer, Dell Technologies Member of the Audit Committee Other public boards: 3M Mr. Sweet was Chief Financial Officer of Dell Technologies, a global information technology company, from 2014 to August 2023, overseeing all aspects of the company s finance function, including Dell Financial Services and Dell Technologies Capital, as well as global business operations and corporate strategy. He joined Dell in 1997 and held leadership positions in finance, sales and in various corporate business units before being named CFO in 2014. Prior to joining Dell, Mr. Sweet was vice president of accounting and finance for Telos Corporation, a cyber, cloud and enterprise security company, and before that he spent 13 years with Price Waterhouse providing audit and accounting services to the technology industry. He currently serves on the board of directors of 3M and Medline Industries, as well as the Salvation Army Central Texas Advisory Board and the Chancellor s Council Executive Committee for the University of Texas System. Mr. Sweet received a bachelor s degree in business administration from Western Michigan University and is a CPA. Qualifications: Mr. Sweet is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because of his deep expertise in finance, business operations and corporate strategy gained from his roles at Dell, a major global information technology company. Mr. Sweet also brings decades of experience and insight into the way technology is transforming the world of data. Mr. Sweet s leadership in helping Dell evolve to become one of the world s major technology companies provides the Company with valuable insight as it implements its long-term growth strategy. Johan Wibergh Former Chief Technology Officer, Vodafone Chair of the People Compensation Committee Other public boards: BCE, Inc. AST SpaceMobile Inc. Mr. Wibergh was Group Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer of Vodafone, a global telecommunications provider, from May 2015 to December 2022. Before joining Vodafone, Mr. Wibergh held various management positions at Ericsson since 1997, including, from 2008, Executive Vice President and Head of Business Unit Networks. Prior to that, he held various management positions in other businesses in the information technology (IT) industry. Mr. Wibergh holds a Master in Computer Science from Link ping University in Sweden, and has attended various executive management programs during his career. Mr. Wibergh serves on the board of BCE Inc. and AST SpaceMobile Inc. as well as the boards of a number of privately held companies. Qualifications: Mr. Wibergh is qualified to serve as director of the Company because he brings valuable expertise in technologies relevant to the Company, including network and wireless connectivity, cybersecurity, and cloud computing. Mr. Wibergh also has a strong background in managing technology businesses and international operations, including as a result of his former position as Group Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer of Vodafone. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 21 Back to Contents Not standing for reelection: James C. Dalton Retired, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other public boards: None Mr. Dalton served as the Director of Civil Works for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) from August 2016 until January 2020. In this position, he led, managed and directed the policy development, programming, planning, design, construction, contingency operations and emergency response, operation, and maintenance activities of the Army Civil Works Program, a $6 billion annual program of water and related land resources of the United States, and oversaw the work of over 25,000 civilian employees. He also represented the USACE in the United Nations Advisory Board High-Level Experts and Leaders Panel on Water and Disasters, and served on several national and international water resources Committees. From May 2007 until August 2016 he was Chief of USACE s Engineering and Construction (E C) Division, responsible for policy, program, and technical expertise in the design and construction programs for the U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, Department of Defense, other Federal agencies, and over 60 foreign nations. He served as the Corps South Atlantic Division and South Pacific Division Regional Integration Team (RIT) team leader, USACE Climate Change Adaptation Committee Chair, and lead for USACE on Resilience. Mr. Dalton was selected to the Senior Executive Service (SES) of the US Office of Personnel Management in January 2005. Mr. Dalton has held numerous other roles during his career with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, which he joined in 1978, including Regional Business Director for USACE s South Atlantic Division in Atlanta, Georgia, Director of Business Management for the Gulf Region Division in Baghdad, Iraq, project manager for the Bosnia project to support Operation Joint Guard, and various engineer roles in Saudi Arabia as part of the Saudi Arabia construction program. Mr. Dalton received his B.S. in Architectural Engineering from North Carolina Agricultural Technical State University and holds an M.S. in Civil Engineering from North Carolina State University. 22 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Non-Employee Director Compensation Our non-employee directors ( Outside Directors ) receive compensation according to the terms of the Board of Directors Compensation Policy. The policy was last amended November 19, 2024 by the Board to include supplemental payments to the chair of the Board and the chairs of each standing committee of the Board, beginning with the third quarter of 2025. These supplemental payments were approved following recommendations of the People Compensation Committee in consultation with its external compensation consultant, Mercer (US) LLC, utilizing benchmarking against the same peer group companies described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis below with respect to the compensation of our named executive officers. Under the policy, as amended, Outside Directors are eligible to receive the following: upon election or re-election at the annual meeting of stockholders, a restricted stock unit ( RSU ) award for that number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by dividing the target dollar amount of $285,000 by the 20-day average of the Company s closing stock price ending on the date of grant; an annual cash retainer of $65,000, payable in quarterly installments; and beginning in the third quarter of 2025, a supplemental annual cash retainer for the chair of the Board and the chair of each standing committee of the Board in the following amounts, payable in quarterly installments: $100,000 for the chair of the Board of Directors $30,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee $20,000 for the chair of the People Compensation Committee $15,000 for the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee In addition, our Outside Directors are reimbursed for travel expenses and reimbursed for other necessary business expenses incurred in the performance of their services as directors of the Company. The RSU awards vest in full after one year. If an Outside Director is appointed or elected to the Board at a time other than the annual meeting, the initial RSU award will be prorated to account for the number of months that have already elapsed since the last annual meeting. If an Outside Director resigns or voluntarily terminates service as a member of the Board, any unvested RSU award shall vest at such time on a pro rata basis based upon the number of months of service since the last annual meeting of stockholders. The cash fees and target dollar amount for determining the number of RSU shares may be revised based upon appropriate compensation benchmarks presented to and approved by the People Compensation Committee and the Board. Generally, director compensation is reviewed every other year, with the last revisions in 2024 and 2022. The table below shows the compensation earned by each Outside Director in 2025. Mr. Painter is not an Outside Director and receives no additional compensation for his service as director. His compensation from the Company is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table later in this proxy statement. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE 2025 Name Fees earned or paid in cash ($) (1) Stock awards ($) (2)(3) Total ($) James C. Dalton (4) 65,000 285,174 350,174 B rje Ekholm 115,000 285,174 400,174 Kaigham (Ken) Gabriel 65,000 285,174 350,174 Meaghan Lloyd 72,500 285,174 357,674 Ronald S. Nersesian 65,000 285,174 350,174 Mark S. Peek 80,000 285,174 365,174 Kara Sprague 65,000 285,174 350,174 Thomas Sweet 65,000 285,174 350,174 Johan Wibergh 75,000 285,174 360,174 (1) The amounts in this column represent an annual cash retainer, paid quarterly. Amounts shown may include amounts earned during the year but paid after year end. (2) The amounts in this column represent the grant date fair value of RSU awards granted to each director re-elected at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. As described above, the number of shares for such awards is determined based on Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 23 Back to Contents a 20-day average of the Company s closing stock price ending on the date of grant, whereas the grant date fair value, calculated pursuant to Topic 718 of the Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Codification, was estimated based on the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant. (3) Each director held 3,974 outstanding unvested RSUs at fiscal year end. (4) Mr. Dalton, who has served as a director since 2020, is not standing for reelection. His position on the Board will end on the date of the Annual Meeting. Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines To help align the personal interests of the directors with the interests of stockholders, Outside Directors are required to own a minimum number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to a value of eight times (8x) the annual cash retainer, which currently yields a value of $520,000. The shares counted toward the ownership guidelines include shares owned directly and indirectly, provided there is an economic interest in the shares. New directors have five years from their appointment to meet the minimum stock ownership level and are required to retain 50% of their after-tax shares acquired upon exercise or vesting of an equity award, until the minimum ownership requirement is attained. All of the Outside Directors to whom the minimum ownership levels apply have met the requirement as of the Record Date. 24 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Executive Compensation The executive compensation sections of this proxy statement contain information about the Company s compensation policies and practices and the application of those policies and practices with respect to our Named Executive Officers, as defined below. The following is a brief description of each of the Executive Compensation sections: Compensation Discussion and Analysis , which describes our executive compensation philosophy and objectives, provides context for the compensation actions approved by the People Compensation Committee of our Board, and explains the compensation arrangements of our Named Executive Officers. Executive Compensation Tables that set forth the amounts and values of the various types of compensation granted to or earned by our Named Executive Officers. Post-Employment Compensation , which describes certain benefits and payments that our Named Executive Officers would be eligible to receive in the event of termination of employment, a change-in-control event, retirement, or death. CEO Pay Ratio , which discloses the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees, the annual total compensation of our President and CEO, and the ratio of these two amounts. Pay Versus Performance , which provides information regarding amounts deemed as Compensation Actually Paid as calculated in accordance with applicable SEC rules, compared with various performance metrics. For 2025, the Company s Named Executive Officers (or NEOs ), determined pursuant to SEC rules, were: Robert G. Painter , our President and CEO Phillip Sawarynski , our Senior Vice President and CFO Ronald J. Bisio, our Senior Vice President in charge of our Field Systems sector, responsible for our advanced positioning, agriculture industry solutions, civil construction field systems, and geospatial business operations Chris Keating, our Senior Vice President in charge of our Transportation and Logistics (T L) sector, responsible for Transporeon, enterprise, MAPS, and forestry Mark Schwartz , our Senior Vice President in charge of our AECO sector (Architects, Engineers, Construction and Owners), responsible for our construction enterprise solutions, civil infrastructure design and engineering, and owner and public sector businesses Note: The operational sectors assigned to each of our senior vice presidents generally correspond to our like-named reportable financial segments, but for various business and practical reasons these are not an exact match. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 25 Back to Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Introduction Our executive compensation philosophy is based on our objectives to attract and retain exceptional people and f oster and support a pay-for-performance culture. The role of the People Compensation Committee of the Board is to oversee the development and execution of a competitive executive compensation program that demonstrates a strong correlation between pay and performance and aims to enhance stockholder value. To show the alignment between executive pay and company performance, we have included this introduction to provide: key insights in to the Company s financial and operational performance, recent results of our performance-based pay programs, a description of our people and culture initiatives, and a summary of o ur pay practices. Financial and Operational Results Trimble achieved strong financial performance in 2025. Through ongoing execution of our Connect Scale strategy, we have continued to transform the Company s operational, strategic and financial performance. Since 2020, Trimble has completed 23 divestitures and 13 acquisitions, while achieving 14% organic compound annual growth of annualized recurring revenue ( ARR ), and an increase of 4 percentage points in our adjusted EBITDA margin. In 2025, we delivered record levels for three key financial metrics: annualized recurring revenue, gross margin, and operating margin profitability. Today s work requires solutions for an interconnected world, no matter the industry. This has driven Trimble to move increasingly from point solutions to connected workflows and connected ecosystems enabled by our industry platforms and our unique access to industry and workflow data all boosted by our AI capabilities. Our Connect Scale strategy connects digital and physical workflows across targeted industry segments and creates scale across Trimble through shared technology platforms. In 2025, we continued to advance this strategy, investing in people, process, and technology. Continued progress on the execution of this strategy is reflected in our financial results for 2025: We delivered revenue of $3.59 billion , achieving 6% organic revenue growth that underscores the strength of our core business. Overall revenue declined 3%, primarily due to planned divestitures, including the sale of our global transportation telematics ( Mobility ) business, bringing further clarity, focus and momentum to the rest of the business. We continued to shift toward a more significant mix of recurring revenue, with ARR reaching a record $2.39 billion in the fourth quarter of the year, up 14% year over year on an organic basis. As a percentage of the year s total revenue, ARR in the fourth quarter was 67%. GAAP gross margin rose from 65.1% to 69.1% and non-GAAP gross margin rose from 68.2% to 71.5%. Our operating income for the year was $592 million on a GAAP basis, representing 16.5% of revenue, and $988 million on a non-GAAP basis, representing 27.5% of revenue. Our adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.05 billion, representing 29.2% of revenue. We finished the year with software, services, and recurring revenue representing 79% of total revenue. We repurchased $875 million of our common stock. Organic revenue growth, non-GAAP gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see Appendix A to this proxy statement for definitions of these measures and a reconciliation of GAAP to non GAAP financial measures. In addition to providing non-GAAP financial measures, we disclose ARR, a performance metric that is also defined in Appendix A, to give investors a supplementary indicator of the value of our current recurring revenue contracts. Selected highlights for each of our three reportable business segments, AECO (Architects, Engineers, Construction, and Owners), Field Systems, and T L (Transportation and Logistics), include the following: For our AECO segment, 2025 represented a year of progression. Revenue grew to $1.50 billion, with ARR growing 16% organically to $1.47 billion , capping 26 consecutive quarters of mid-teens or higher organic ARR growth. 26 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Our Field Systems segment delivered $1.54 billion in revenue and reached an important milestone, with software and services driving over 50% of revenue. The segment achieved 20% organic growth in ARR, with accelerating growth in new points of distribution. Our T L segment had revenue of $549 million, with 7% organic growth in ARR. The segment finished the year with recurring revenue representing over 90% of total revenue. Recent Results of Performance-Based Pay Programs Our compensation philosophy is to reward performance, with a substantial portion of executive pay contingent on the attainment of pre-established performance objectives, and the value of additional portions tied to Trimble s stock price. In line with this philosophy, 60% of target pay for our CEO and 50% of target pay for our other Named Executive Officers is dependent on performance against objectives under the combination of our cash bonus plan and our equity incentive plan. Our Named Executive Officers target pay also includes time-based restricted stock units and stock options, ensuring further alignment with stockholder interests. In 2025, payouts under the annual cash bonus plan were based on financial metrics that are aligned with our long-term growth strategy: revenue, ARR and adjusted EBITDA. Based on performance results against these goals, the primary payout rate was 138.6% of target bonus opportunity in 2025. For the leaders of individual sectors, additional metrics were used, applicable to their sectors. The annual long-term incentive ( LTI ) equity awards granted in 2025 to our Named Executive Officers were a mix of 50% Performance Restricted Stock Units ( PRSUs ), 37.5% time vesting Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) and 12.5% Stock Options, except for our CEO. For our CEO, Mr. Painter, the mix was approximately 60% PRSUs, 25% RSUs, and 15% Stock Options, to provide a greater emphasis for our CEO on performance-based equity awards. We believe a mix of PRSU and RSU awards and Stock Options creates a well-balanced and market-aligned total compensation package, with a strong component of performance-based incentives that are aligned with stockholder interests. For 2025, 50% of the PRSUs vest based on total shareholder return ( TSR ) relative to the S P 500, and 50% vest based on ARR growth, in each case over a three-year period. TSR is a valuable measure for alignment with stockholder interests. ARR is an important financial measure for Trimble because it provides insights into customer retention and growth, highlighting our ability to generate consistent income over time, and helping us to manage profitability. Monitoring and optimizing ARR is critical for sustaining growth and ensuring long-term success. ARR is also a useful metric for business valuation, provides an industry-standard benchmark to measure performance against peers, and provides valuable insight to our investors as well, giving them a supplementary indicator of the value of our recurring revenue contracts. Further, ARR supports our goal of driving compounded financial returns for stockholders. For these reasons, this metric is used in both our annual cash bonus and LTI plans. Including ARR in both our annual cash bonus and LTI plans ensures that our executives are incentivized to take actions to grow ARR, whether the impact of such actions is near-term or long-term. Illustrating our pay-for-performance philosophy, the following charts show the variability of payouts under the performance-based elements of compensation over recent years, with results based on performance against targets. Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 27 Back to Contents People and Culture Initiatives Under the guidance of the People Compensation Committee, we conduct annual reviews to evaluate our human capital management, including people and culture initiatives. We continuously strive to enhance recruitment, retention, and development efforts to ensure we have the right skills, at the right time and at the right places, in our workforce. We provide competitive rewards, recognition and well-being programs to attract, recognize, and retain our talented workforce. We pay and promote our employees based on their performance in their positions. We perform ongoing pay equity analyses to ensure fair compensation for comparable work, with adjustments made as necessary over time to address any disparities. The Board and the People Compensation Committee have also established a succession planning process and we actively plan for executive succession on an ongoing basis. Best Pay Practices At Trimble, we are dedicated to upholding best pay practices and promoting transparency in our compensation programs. We regularly assess our executive compensation and as part of this process we consider pay at similar companies in the industry to ensure competitiveness and alignment with prevailing market trends. Our strong governance policies and practices, including clawback and hedging policies and stock ownership guidelines, are designed to mitigate compensation risk and support stockholder value creation. In making compensation decisions, the People Compensation Committee, which is comprised of independent directors, considers insights from external consultants and input from stockholders. The Company actively engages with stockholders to solicit feedback on our compensation program. We believe our approach of linking pay to performance, adherence to best pay practices, and stockholder engagement reflects our commitment to sustainable growth, rewarding performance and generating long-term value for stockholders. 28 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Overview of Executive Compensation Compensation Practices We endeavor to maintain sound governance standards consistent with our executive compensation policies and practices, while also considering market best practices. The People Compensation Committee evaluates our executive compensation program on a regular basis to ensure that it is consistent with our short- and long-term goals given the dynamic nature of our business and the market in which we compete for executive talent. The following summarizes the key features of our executive compensation and related policies and practices: What we do What we don t do Use a pay-for-performance philosophy. A substantial portion of executive compensation is directly linked to corporate performance, with a large percentage of each executive officer s target total direct compensation dependent on our stock price and/or total shareholder return. Maintain an independent compensation committee. Our People Compensation Committee consists solely of independent directors. Retain an independent compensation advisor. The People Compensation Committee engages its own compensation advisor. Review executive compensation annually. The People Compensation Committee conducts an annual review and approval of our compensation strategy, and an annual compensation-related risk profile review to ensure that our compensation programs do not encourage excessive or inappropriate risk-taking. Place compensation at risk. Our executive compensation program is designed with a significant portion of compensation at risk based on our performance, as well as short-term cash and long-term equity incentives to align the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders. Maintain a stock ownership policy. We maintain a stock ownership policy that requires our Named Executive Officers and other key executives to maintain a significant ownership level of our common stock. Maintain a compensation recovery ( clawback ) policy. In the event of a material restatement of our financial results, this policy provides for the recovery of certain compensation from our executive officers. This policy was updated in 2023 to comply with new SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards. Hold an annual stockholder advisory vote to approve executive compensation. We conduct an annual stockholder advisory vote to approve the compensation of our CEO and other Named Executive Officers. No executive retirement plans. We do not offer executive-only pension arrangements or retirement plans to our executive officers (although certain eligible executives may participate in the Age Service Equity Vesting Program as described below). No perquisites. We do not provide perquisites or other personal benefits to our executive officers, other than an optional, company-paid annual executive physical exam. No tax reimbursements. We do not provide any tax reimbursement payments (including gross-ups ) on any benefits, other than related to standard relocation benefits. No hedging or pledging of our equity securities. We prohibit our executive officers, the members of our Board, and other employees from hedging or pledging our equity securities. No stock option re-pricing. Our employee equity plan does not permit options to be repriced to a lower exercise or strike price without the approval of our stockholders. No single-trigger full vesting on change in control. An executive must experience a termination of employment (or constructive termination) to receive full vesting and other change-in-control benefits. No incentives to take excess risk. We strive to avoid compensation structures that would encourage the taking of undue risks. Executive Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation program is guided by our overarching philosophy of paying for demonstrable performance. Consistent with this philosophy, we provide a greater proportion of executive compensation as variable compensation than fixed compensation. We have designed our overall executive compensation program to achieve the following primary objectives: Objective Program Design Hire and retain highly talented executives Our compensation programs are structured to be market competitive and internally equitable Motivate through pay for performance The majority of pay of executives is at-risk and performance-based to help achieve growth, profitability, stockholder returns, and our long-term business strategy Alignment with stockholders Our compensation programs are designed to align our executive officers interests with those of our stockholders to drive the creation of sustainable long-term value Alignment across our workforce Programs are structured from the CEO down through the entire workforce in a manner that reinforces the Company s overall goals and fosters alignment across all levels of the organization Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 29 Back to Contents 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights Following are highlights regarding the governance and compensation of our Named Executive Officers for 2025, including key actions taken by the People Compensation Committee in light of our overall operating environment and the results described above. The People Compensation Committee : The committee has responsibility for overseeing our compensation and benefits policies, including executive compensation, and continues to provide general oversight for the Company s human capital management practices. General Base Salary Increases : The base salary for our CEO remained constant in 2025, given strong alignment to peer company benchmarks. For our other Named Executive Officers, three received increases based on factors such as competitive positioning and personal performance, and one received an increase in connection with expansion of his role. Annual Cash Bonuses : The Trimble OneBonus Plan is Trimble s global annual cash bonus program, which is structured similarly for executives and the broader employee population. Payouts under the plan are determined primarily by the attainment of predetermined financial metrics that are aligned to our long-term growth strategy. For 2025, the financial performance measurements at the corporate level continued to be based on revenue, ARR and adjusted EBITDA. Based on 2025 results, the formula yielded a final payout rate for the corporate financial measures of 138.6% of target bonus amounts for our Named Executive Officers. For the leaders of individual sectors, additional metrics were used, applicable to their sectors. In addition to these financial performance measures, a non-financial modifier can adjust the bonuses of individual executive officers by up to +/-10% based on performance against pre-defined objectives and key results ( OKRs ). As described below in Details of 2025 Executive Compensation , the non-financial modifier was not applied to the bonuses for any of the Named Executive Officers in 2025. 2025 Long-Term Incentive Awards . In 2025, the People Compensation Committee determined that the LTI equity awards to be granted to our Named Executive Officers would be a mix of PRSUs, RSUs and Stock Options. The mix of annual long-term incentive awards for 2025, as shown below in terms of the total target LTI value, was the same as in 2024. CEO non-CEO NEOs PRSUs 60% 50% RSUs 25% 37.5% Stock Options 15% 12.5% Performance measurements for the PRSUs were based on achievement of goals for both relative TSR and ARR, with a weighting of 50% each. The weighting of performance goals between TSR and ARR was shifted from 25/75 in 2023, to 50/50 in 2024, based largely on stockholder feedback suggesting more emphasis on TSR, and remained at 50/50 in 2025. The TSR measure is based on the Company s stock performance measured against the S P 500 over a single three-year measurement period, in line with current best practices. The ARR measure is based on growth in annualized recurring revenue, also over a three-year period. Stock Ownership Guidelines : In light of our philosophy of emphasizing stock compensation relative to cash, our executive officers are required to hold a meaningful amount of Company stock. The CEO must hold eight times his annual salary. Other executive officers, besides the Chief Accounting Officer, must hold three times their annual salary. The Chief Accounting Officer must hold two times his annual salary. Our executives have five years to achieve these levels of stock ownership, and 50% of any after-tax shares acquired from the vesting or exercise of any Company equity plan are to be retained until the relevant stock ownership guideline has been met. (For the stock ownership requirements applicable to the members of our Board, see Non-Employee Director Compensation Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines above .) Pay-for-Performance Philosophy We believe our executive compensation program is competitive relative to the market and our compensation peer group, and appropriately balances the goals of attracting, motivating, rewarding and retaining our executive officers with the goal of aligning their interests with those of our stockholders. To ensure this alignment, and to motivate and reward individual initiative and collective success, a substantial portion of our executive officers 30 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents target annual total direct compensation opportunity is both performance-based and at-risk , and dependent on operating results and long-term growth against key financial measures and stock price performance. The following charts show the target mix of pay components approved for our Named Executive Officers in 2025. Percentages in the charts above are based on base salary and target bonus as set forth later in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis , and the grant date fair value of equity awards as set forth in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table later in this proxy statement. The base salary and target bonus amounts reflected in these charts are different from amounts shown in the Summary Compensation Table later in this proxy statement, which are based on total amounts actually earned during the year. We view Stock Options as performance-based since they require absolute stock price growth before any value is realized. We believe that this design provides balanced incentives for our Named Executive Officers to drive financial performance and long-term growth. To ensure consistency with our compensation philosophy, the People Compensation Committee periodically evaluates data that demonstrates the relationship between the reported values of the equity awards granted to our executive officers, the amount of realizable compensation from such awards in subsequent years, and our total shareholder return over the applicable period. Results of Say on Pay Votes and Board Responsiveness At our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, we conducted our annual non-binding stockholder advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers, commonly known as a Say on Pay vote. Our stockholders approved the Say on Pay proposal with 93.5% of the votes cast in favor of the proposal. As part of our ongoing investor engagement, our Investor Relations team and Chief Financial Officer engage with stockholders to discuss topics of interest to them and to proactively provide key updates to them. The feedback gathered during these conversations helps inform the Board s thinking, in particular about compensation, governance and disclosure. For example, based in part on stockholder feedback, the weighting of performance goals for PRSUs between TSR and ARR was shifted from 25/75 to 50/50, beginning in 2024, to provide a more evenly balanced mix that is focused on long-term value creation. Also beginning in 2024, our PRSU grants no longer include a +/-10% modifier for achievement of goals around sustainability objectives and people initiatives. Instead, we have added provisions for the inclusion of a non financial modifier to our annual cash bonus program (our Trimble OneBonus Plan) that measures performance against pre-defined objectives and key results relating to strategic initiatives and other critical responsibilities of our Named Executive Officers, and potentially modifies their bonuses by +/-10%. We value the opinions of our stockholders and will continue to consider the outcome of future Say on Pay votes, as well as feedback received throughout the year, when making decisions regarding compensation for our executive officers. Governance of Executive Compensation Program Role of the People Compensation Committee The People Compensation Committee discharges many of the responsibilities of our Board relating to the compensation of our executive officers and the non-employee members of our Board. The People Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders | Trimble 31 Back to Contents Compensation Committee has overall responsibility for overseeing our compensation and benefits policies generally; overseeing and evaluating the compensation plans, policies, and practices applicable to our CEO and our other executive officers; and overseeing the Company s human capital management activities. The People Compensation Committee sets compensation for and makes equity awards to our executive officers, including our CEO and the other Named Executive Officers. The People Compensation Committee retains a compensation consultant (described below) to provide support to the People Compensation Committee in its review and assessment of our executive compensation program. Compensation-Setting Process The People Compensation Committee determines the target total direct compensation opportunities for our executive officers. When determining the amount of each compensation element and the target total direct compensation opportunity for our executive officers, the People Compensation Committee considers the following factors: our performance against the financial and operational objectives established by the People Compensation Committee and our Board; each individual executive officer s skills, experience and qualifications relative to other similarly-situated executives at the companies in our compensation peer group; the scope of each executive officer s role compared to other similarly-situated executives at the companies in our compensation peer group; the performance of each individual executive officer, based on an assessment of their contributions to our overall performance, their ability to lead their business unit or function, and their ability to work as part of a team, all of which reflect our core values; compensation consistency among our executive officers; our financial performance relative to our peers; the compensation practices of our compensation peer group and the positioning of each executive officer s compensation in a ranking of peer company compensation levels; and the recommendations provided by our CEO with respect to the compensation of our other executive officers. These factors provide the framework for compensation decision-making and final decisions regarding the compensation opportunity for each executive officer. Compensation Review Cycle The People Compensation Committee reviews the base salary levels, annual cash bonus opportunities and long-term incentive compensation opportunities of our executive officers at the beginning of each fiscal year. Any changes in base salary are generally effective in April of each year. We typically award time-based and performance-based equity in March of each year. Our compensation peer group is reviewed and finalized by the People Compensation Committee during the second half of the year, before the upcoming fiscal year. Other adjustments to executive pay are made during the year as circumstances warrant. Role of Chief Executive Officer In discharging its responsibilities, the People Compensation Committee works with members of our management, including our CEO. Our management assists the People Compensation Committee by providing information on corporate and individual performance, market compensation data, and management s perspective on compensation matters. The People Compensation Committee solicits and reviews our CEO s recommendations and proposals with respect to adjustments to annual cash compensation, long-term incentive compensation opportunities, program structures, and other compensation-related matters for our executive officers (other than with respect to his own compensation). The People Compensation Committee reviews and discusses these recommendations and proposals with our CEO and considers them as one factor in determining the compensation for our executive officers other than our CEO. Our CEO recuses himself from all discussions regarding his own compensation. 32 Trimble | Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Back to Contents Role of Compensation Consultant The People Compensation Committee engages an external compensation consultant to assist in providing information, analysis, and other advice relating to our executive compensation program and the decisions resulting from its annual executive compensation review. For 2025, the People Compensation Committee engaged Mercer (US) LLC ( Mercer ), a nationally recognized compensation consulting firm, as its compensation consultant to advise on executive compensation matters. For 2025, the scope of Mercer s engagement included: reviewing, benchmarking, and analyzing the compensation for our executive officers; reviewing our compensation peer group and recommending changes; supporting the design and implementation of changes to the executive long-term incentive strategy; reviewing our proxy statement disclosure; reviewing incentive plans and analyzing share usage; presenting trends and regulatory developments; participating in People Compensation Committee meetings; and advising on ad hoc matters. The terms of Mercer s engagement included reporting directly to the People Compensation Committee and to the People Compensation Committee Chair, and coordinating with our 