=== TRMB_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES You should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information contained in this report and in any other documents to which we refer you in this report, before purchasing our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Risks related to our business We operate globally and are subject to significant risks in many jurisdictions, including risks related to adverse economic, political, regulatory, and other global and regional conditions We have operations in many countries, and a significant portion of our revenue is derived from countries outside of the United States. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including our ability to design, develop, or sell products, has been and may continue to be adversely affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including: global and local economic conditions, such as inflation and recession; the strength of the engineering, construction, and transportation markets; the demand and cost of commodities; imposition of new and changing tariffs, which can increase supply costs, create difficulties in forecasting, and affect our business operations; imposition of other new and evolving trade barriers, including trade sanctions, duties, and import or export licensing requirements or restrictions; government restrictions on our operations in any country, or restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings from a particular country; differing employment practices and labor issues and the challenges and costs of staffing and managing a global workforce; volatile geopolitical conditions, including significant regional military conflicts and political and economic instability, in countries where we do business; compliance with differing local laws and regulations, including those relating to privacy, labor, and local content; ineffective legal protection of our IP rights in certain countries or difficulties procuring or enforcing our IP rights; local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, which can include longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables in certain foreign jurisdictions; fluctuations in currency rates; and uncertainty regarding social, political, immigration, tax, and trade policies in the U.S. and abroad. A significant trade disruption or the establishment or increase of any trade barrier in any area where we do business such as through increased tariffs imposed on imports into the U.S. and any resulting retaliatory actions taken by other countries could increase the cost of our products, which could adversely impact the margin that we earn on sales, make our products more expensive for customers, or create uncertainty around demand for certain types of products, which could make our products less competitive and reduce customer demand or result in supply chain delays. Uncertainty persists around the ongoing heightened trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, the resulting threats and imposition of tariffs (including those intended for foreign policy objectives), and their impacts on the global economy. If ther e were a deterioration in the global economy, the economies of the countries or regions where our customers are located or do business, or the industries that we or our customers serve, the demand for our products and services would likely decrease. In addition, government or customer efforts, attitudes, laws, or policies may lead to non-U.S. customers favoring domestic suppliers that could compete with or replace our products, which would also have an adverse effect on our business. Changes in economic conditions and political uncertainty surrounding international trade also make it difficult to make financial forecasts. Any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced disruption in our supply chain and related events, and are subject to ongoing supply chain risks We are dependent upon a limited number of contract manufacturers for the manufacture, testing, and assembly of certain products and specific suppliers for a number of our critical components. These arrangements can generally be terminated with a limited notice. We are also dependent on a number of suppliers as the sole source of certain materials. Our current reliance on a limited group of contract manufacturers and suppliers involves risks, including the potential inability to obtain products or components to meet customers delivery requirements, reduced control over pricing and delivery schedules, and discontinuation of or increased prices for certain components. In addition, substantial increases in demand for certain commodities and components by major AI companies, who are able to pay high prices and acquire significant portions of the available supply, have made it difficult and more expensive to obtain certain commodities and components, and such challenges could continue unless there are increases in supply or decreases in demand by such companies for the affected commodities and components. 10 Table of Contents Further, certain components used in our products require long lead times for ordering, and if we do not accurately forecast the need for such components, we may end up with component shortages or excess inventory. Geopolitical conditions and their impact on our suppliers and international trade in general have previously led to shortfalls in available components we need to make products as well as increased costs to obtain components, to make products, and to transport components and products. The disruptions included extended delivery times for certain components of our hardware products and increased freight costs. Catastrophic events, such as pandemics, acts of war, or natural disasters, and their resulting impacts can also cause shortfalls in available components, as we experienced during the global supply chain shortage in 2021 and 2022. These disruptions had an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand, which resulted in delays in shipping products to customers and dealers. Future disruptions could occur as a result of any number of events, such as: inflationary cost increases; trade restrictions, tariffs, or duties; the imposition of new regulations, quotas, or embargoes on components; a scarcity of, or significant increase in the price of, raw materials or required components for our products; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; third-party interference in the integrity of the products sourced through the supply chain; severe weather conditions or natural disasters; and civil unrest, military conflicts, geopolitical developments, war, or terrorism. Any other circumstance that would require us to seek alternative sources of supply or to manufacture, assemble, and test such components internally could significantly delay our ability to ship our products, which could damage relationships with current and prospective customers and could harm our reputation and brand as well as our results of operations. Lastly, due to supply chain issues, we have in the past and may in the future accumulate excess inventories if we inaccurately forecast demand for our products, or if dealers are unable to work through their excess inventory. If we are unable to effectively integrate, streamline, and manage our diverse and complex businesses and operations, our ability to generate growth and revenue from new or existing customers may be adversely affected Because our operations are diverse and complex, our personnel resources and infrastructure could become strained, and our reputation in the market and our ability to successfully manage and grow our business may be adversely affected. The size, complexity, and diverse nature of our business and the expansion of our product lines and customer base have placed increased demands on our management and operations, and future growth may place additional strains on our resources in the future. Our ability to effectively compete and to manage our planned future growth will depend on, among other things, the following: maintaining continuity in our senior management and key personnel; increasing the productivity of our existing employees; attracting, retaining, training, and motivating our employees, particularly our technical and management personnel; deploying our solutions using third-party information systems, which may require changes to our applications, documentation, and operational processes; improving our operational, financial, and management controls; improving our information reporting systems and procedures; and successfully implementing AI initiatives, with proper controls, to assist with achieving these objectives. We have increasingly diversified and modified the nature and mix of our businesses, both organically and by acquisitions and divestitures. As a result, an increasing amount of our business involves business models that require managerial techniques and skill sets that are different from those required to manage our historical core businesses. Pursuant to our Connect Scale strategy, we are continuing to invest substantial resources in integrating our product offerings and transitioning our businesses to common core services and systems to achieve economies of scale, simplify our operations, and improve the customer experience. These efforts may result in disruptions to our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our customers, may cost more than we anticipate increasing our expenses, and take longer than planned. These factors could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Changes in our software and subscription businesses may adversely affect our revenue An increasing portion of our revenue is generated through subscription revenue, which includes SaaS and new subscription services for integrated solutions. Our customers have no obligation to renew their agreements for our subscription services after the expiration of their initial contract period, which typically ranges from one to three years , so we must continually provide compelling solutions, improvements, and customer support to retain customer subscriptions . 11 Table of Contents Our customer acquisition and renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including customer preferences and budgetary constraints, overall economic conditions, competitive products and emerging AI offerings, and customer satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and services. Customer satisfaction with our products and services is affected by a variety of factors, such as security, reliability, performance, concerns about data privacy, current subscription terms, customer preference, and industry adoption. If customers do not renew their contracts for our products, our subscription revenue will decline, and our financial results will suffer. Our subscription models provide our customers with the right to access certain of our software in a hosted environment or use downloaded software for a specified subscription period. Market acceptance of such offerings is affected by a variety of factors, such as security, reliability, performance, current license terms, customer preference and industry adoption, social/community engagement, customer concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage their data, public concerns regarding privacy, and the enactment of restrictive laws or regulations. If we are unable to successfully market and support our subscription offerings, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We continually re-evaluate our software licensing programs and subscription programs, including specific license models, delivery methods, and terms and conditions. Changes to our licensing programs and subscription programs, including the introduction of new subscription services for integrated solutions that include hardware, the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, maintenance releases, the term of the contract, discounts, and promotions, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue for our products, and adversely affect our cash flow, business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and if our remediation of such material weaknesses is not effective, it could impact our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations. In the course of preparing our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2023, as included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), we had identified a material weakness related to business combination accounting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. After filing the 2023 Form 10-K with the SEC, management re-evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and identified additional material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. The Company delayed the filing of its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first, second, and third quarters of 2024 until the assessment of the impacts was complete. As a result of the delayed filings, the Company had received notices from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) (the Listing Rule ), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. Due to the time required to prepare and file the prior delayed reports, the Company delayed the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2025 (the 2024 Form 10-K ). The Company filed its Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A to the 2023 Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the first, second, and third quarters of 2024 with the SEC on January 16, 2025, and the 2024 Form 10-K with the SEC on April 25, 2025. Those filings disclosed additional material weaknesses as described more fully therein. After the filings, the Company regained compliance with the Listing Rule. As a result of our previous failure to timely meet our SEC reporting obligations, we are unable to use Form S-3 for twelve months after that date, which will end in April 2026. This could make accessing the capital markets during this period more costly or less efficient. Our management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, has been taking actions to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting; as described more fully in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures of this report. Unless otherwise described herein, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded through testing that these controls are operating effectively. If we are not able to successfully remediate these material weaknesses, there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Moreover, if we uncover additional material weaknesses, our financial statements may be inaccurate, and we may be unable to comply with our SEC filing obligations, which could prevent us from using Form S-3 or result in a Nasdaq delisting. In addition, we may be unable to access the capital markets or repurchase our stock if we are not current with our SEC filing obligations. We may not be able to continue to enter into or maintain important alliances and distribution relationships We believe that in certain business areas, our success will depend on our ability to form and maintain alliances with industry participants. Our failure to form and maintain such alliances on commercially acceptable terms, or the preemption or disruption of such alliances by the actions of competitors, could adversely affect our ability to sell our products to customers. Our 12 Table of Contents relationships with substantial industry participants such as Caterpillar, Nikon, Hilti, and AGCO are likely to evolve over time based upon the changing business needs and objectives of the parties. Evolution of our business strategies and diversification of product portfolios may lead to increased competition with our strategic allies, placing additional pressure on these relationships. Since these strategic relationships contribute to significant ongoing business in certain of our important markets, changes or disruptions in these relationships could adversely affect our sales. Continuing to develop and expand robust distribution channels is important for maintaining and increasing sales in our dynamic and evolving markets. To do so successfully, we must, together with our partners, continue to invest in developing the sales, marketing, support, and infrastructure requirements for a robust distribution channel. The time and expense required for sales and marketing organizations of our channel partners to become familiar with our product offerings, including our new product developments, and newer types of offering, such as subscription programs for integrated solutions that include hardware, software maintenance, and other recurring services, may make it more difficult to introduce those products to end users and delay end-user adoption, which could result in lower revenue. As market conditions and our business strategies evolve, we must also evolve our distribution and go-to-market strategies. Our efforts to further develop and expand dealer networks may not be successful, and could cause conflict in our channels or disrupt dealer coverage within specific geographic or end-user markets, which could cause difficulties in marketing, selling, or servicing our products and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We utilize dealer networks to market, sell, and service many of our products in our Field Systems segment. Dealers who carry products that compete with our products may focus their inventory purchases and sales efforts on goods provided by competitors due to industry demand or profitability. Such sourcing decisions can adversely impact our business, financial condition, an d results of operations. Investing in and integrating new acquisitions or divesting businesses could be costly, place a significant strain on our management systems and resources, or fail to deliver expected outcomes From time to time, we have divested businesses, including the sale of our agricultural business to a joint venture with AGCO and the sale of our Mobility business to Platform Science. We expect to undertake additional divestitures from time to time in the future. Any such divestiture may result in: a disruption of our business; reduced synergies, including the loss of scale or key employees; impairment of customer relationships; and reductions in the breadth of our product offerings. Divestitures may adversely impact our results if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested products or businesses, or mitigate overhead costs allocated to those businesses. We could also experience higher than expected transaction costs and business sale losses, or post-closing disputes with buyers of our divested businesses, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we typically agree to certain commercial arrangements with buyers, including to provide certain transitional services and support when we divest a business, and we may face disputes and significant, unanticipated costs in providing such services. For significant divestitures, these transitional services can take up considerable corporate resources and attention, which may adversely affect our other businesses, operations, and results. In some cases, we have retained an equity position in the entities to which we divest our business units. We have limited control over such entities and the value of such equity stake could decline over time. We have acquired a number of businesses, and we intend to continue to acquire other businesses. Acquisitions entail numerous risks, including: potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and products or to realize cost savings or other anticipated benefits from integration; loss of key employees or customers of acquired operations; difficulty of assimilating geographically dispersed operations and personnel of the acquired companies; potential disruption of our business or the acquired business; unanticipated expenses related to acquisitions; unanticipated difficulties in conforming business practices, policies, procedures, internal controls, and financial records of acquisitions with our own business; impairment of relationships with employees, customers, vendors, distributors, or business partners of either an acquired company or our own business; inability to accurately forecast the performance of recently acquired businesses, resulting in unforeseen adverse effects on our operating results; potential liabilities, including liabilities resulting from known or unknown compliance or legal issues, associated with an acquired business; and 13 Table of Contents adverse accounting impact to our results of operations because of purchase accounting treatment and the business or accounting practices of acquired companies. Any such effects from acquisitions could be costly and place a significant strain on our management systems and resources. As a result of acquisitions, we have significant assets that include goodwill and other purchased intangibles. The testing of goodwill and intangibles for impairment under GAAP requires us to make significant judgments and assumptions. Changes in business conditions or in the prospects or results of operations of the acquired business could require adjustments to the valuation of these assets resulting in impairments that would adversely affect our results. In addition, changes in the operating results or the valuation of companies in which we have investments may have a direct impact on our financial statements or could result in our having to write down the value of such investment. Acquisitions may not yield expected synergies, may not grow, scale, or advance our business strategy as expected, may fall short of expected return-on-investment targets, or may not prove successful or effective for our business. Companies that we acquire may operate with different cost and margin structures, which could further cause fluctuations in our operating results and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have non-controlling stakes and ongoing commercial relationships with businesses that we have divested, including a joint venture (JV) with AGCO, which are subject to various risks, including the failure to realize intended benefits, unanticipated challenges, and other uncertainties In April 2024, we contributed our precision agriculture business ( Ag ) , excluding certain Global Navigation Satellite System ( GNSS ) and guidance technologies, to a JV with AGCO, of which we retained a 15% stake. The risks and uncertainties associated with the JV include that (i) we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our non-controlling stake in the JV, (ii) the benefits from the various agreements entered into concurrently with forming the JV (including long-term supply agreements) will be dependent upon the JV s ability to successfully develop, market and distribute products, (iii) unanticipated factors may arise that affect the cost of operating the JV as a standalone business, and (iv) the development of technology synergies will depend on the level of research and development spending and the success of future innovation. We also maintain a minority, non-controlling interest in Platform Science, a private company that acquired our Mobility business in February 2025, and we continue to provide products and services to Platform Science under various commercial relationships. The value of our minority equity interest in Platform Science, as well as the commercial benefits that we may realize from our commercial relationships, will depend upon the performance of Platform Science and the Mobility business, which we do not control. We face substantial competition in our markets, which could decrease our revenue and growth rates Our markets are highly competitive, and we expect that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Our overall competitive position depends on a number of factors including the price, quality, and performance of our products, the effectiveness of our distribution channel and direct sales force, the level of customer service, the development of new technology, and our ability to participate in emerging markets. AI functionality is becoming increasingly important, and if we do not develop and expand our AI capabilities on pace with our competitors, our product offerings may fall behind. Generative AI may also enable other parties to rapidly develop products and functionality that compete with our product offerings. Within each of our markets, we encounter direct competition from other GNSS, software, optical, and laser suppliers, and competition may intensify from various larger U.S. and non-U.S. competitors and new market entrants. Our products, which commonly use GNSS for basic location information, may be subject to competition from alternative location technologies such as simultaneous location and mapping technology. In our software and subscription services businesses, we face competition from a group of large, well-established companies, particularly in the areas of design software, enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) solutions, and collaboration and project management offerings. Our integrated hardware and software products may be subject to increasing competition from mass market devices such as smartphones and tablets used in conjunction with relatively inexpensive applications, which have not been heavily used for commercial applications in the past. These competitive developments may require us to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, new computing platforms, and, increasingly, AI technology. Such competition can result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could decrease our revenue and growth rates. We believe that our ability to compete successfully in the future against existing and additional competitors will depend largely on our ability to execute our strategy to provide products with significantly differentiated features compared to currently available products. We may not be able to implement this strategy successfully, and our products may not be competitive with other technologies or products that may be developed by our competitors, many of whom have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, sales, and other resources than we do. 14 Table of Contents If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed Our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel, advance our corporate strategy, and preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. Because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers, including in areas of technology such as GNSS, software programming, information systems, data analytics, and AI. In addition, to increase revenues, we may be required to increase the size and productivity of our sales and channel management groups. Competition for qualified employees in our major locations can be intense. Our inability to hire and retain qualified management and skilled personnel, particularly engineers, salespeople, and key executive management, could disrupt our development efforts, sales results, business relationships, and our ability to execute our business plan and strategy on a timely basis and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, any future reductions in force or other restructuring intended to improve operational efficiencies and operating costs, may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. If we fail to grant equity competitively, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees. Risks related to our technology and products Our products are highly technical and may contain undetected errors, product defects, or security vulnerabilities Our products are highly technical and complex and, when deployed, may contain errors, defects, or security vulnerabilities. We must develop our products quickly to keep pace with the rapidly changing market, and we have a history of frequently introducing new products. Products and services as sophisticated as ours could contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new models or