=== BDX_2025-11-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the material risks that could adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. We may also be adversely impacted by other risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. Business, Economic and Industry Risks Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, could continue to adversely affect our operations. General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility (including volatility resulting from the imposition of (and changing policies around) tariffs and related countermeasures), import or export licensing requirements, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, economic slowdown or recession, have contributed to conditions that have impacted, and may continue to impact, demand for our products and services, or the prices we can charge for our products, disrupt aspects of our supply chain, impair our ability to produce our products, increase borrowing costs and exacerbate other risks that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, general economic conditions have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, the healthcare industry, including reductions in capital spending and U.S. federal funding and changes in the delivery of healthcare services, which have affected, and could in the future affect, demand for our products. Both domestic and international markets experienced inflationary pressures in fiscal year 2025 and we expect inflation to persist in the future. In addition, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. We have also experienced, and may continue to experience, challenges in our global supply chain, including shortages in supply, or disruptions in production and shipments, of certain materials or components used in our products and related price increases. While to date, we have been able to manage the challenges associated with these delays and shortages without significant disruption to our business, no assurance can be given that these efforts will continue to be successful. Our international operations subject us to certain business risks. A substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the U.S., and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in new and existing foreign markets. Our foreign operations subject us to certain commercial, political and financial risks. In addition to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), our business in these foreign markets is subject to changing political, social, and geopolitical conditions, such as the continuation and/or escalation of the situation in Ukraine, the Middle East and Asia. These conditions include instability resulting from war, terrorism, insurrections and civil unrest, political conflict and changing economic conditions, such as inflation, deflation, interest rate volatility and credit availability. Specifically, recently enacted or any future tariffs imposed by the U.S. government (and countermeasures by non-U.S. governments) may result in adverse impacts to the global economic environment and the stability of global financial markets, which could alter global trade. The tariffs, sanctions or other trade barriers imposed by the U.S. (and countermeasures by non-U.S. governments) could adversely impact our supply chain costs or availability of certain components, demand for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unpredictability of trade policy compounds this risk. Based upon the latest published tariffs that are currently in effect, we expect tariffs to adversely impact our operating expense for fiscal year 2026 and potentially beyond, primarily relating to any products (or components) imported from countries across our global supply chain, for which there are limited mitigation opportunities. 14 Table of Contents Further, the U.S. Department of Commerce recently initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into (among other things) imports of personal protective equipment, medical consumables and medical equipment (including devices), to determine whether they threaten U.S. national security, which further creates policy uncertainty in terms of tariffs. The ultimate impact of any existing or new tariffs or other changes in international trade policies on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration of such tariffs, changes in tariff rates, the amount, scope and nature of the tariffs, any countermeasures that target countries may take or any mitigating actions that may become available. While sourcing optimization and tariff exemptions for qualifying products are key aspects of our mitigation strategy, the timing of such or the ultimate results we will realize from these efforts are uncertain. In addition, our tariff mitigation strategies may be challenged, rejected or eliminated through legislation or other challenges, or may otherwise not be effective. Additionally, a number of factors, including U.S. relations with or among the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws and regulations, economic sanctions, export controls, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders and other increases in trade protectionism and barriers to market participation, or the weakening or loss of certain intellectual property rights in some countries, may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Foreign regulatory requirements, including those related to the testing authorization, and labeling of products and import or export licensing requirements, could affect the availability of our products in these markets. In addition to these broader market conditions, our operations may also be impacted by a variety of local factors, such as competition from local companies, local product preferences and requirements, changes in local healthcare payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, changes resulting from new political administrations and labor force instability. The success of our operations outside the U.S. also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks, and our strategic staffing plans required to support our international operations. These and other factors may adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy in these markets. In addition, our international operations increase our compliance risk. For example, such international operations are governed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws. Global enforcement of anti-corruption and bribery laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. While we have implemented policies, procedures and training related to compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. We are also subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that restrict us from transacting business with, or making investments in, certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to U.S. or foreign economic sanctions or export restrictions. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The medical technology industry is very competitive. We are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of existing competitors and new market entrants. These include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do, as well as firms which are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. Nontraditional entrants, such as technology companies, are also entering into the healthcare industry and some may have greater financial and other resources than we do. We face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services and other factors. 15 Table of Contents Our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer and patient preferences and requirements, including changes in demand as a result of changes to U.S. federal and state policies (affecting products such as pharmaceuticals and vaccines), increased focus on products using materials of concern and demand for more sustainable products, and for products utilizing emerging technologies (such as AI), as well as changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered, such as the transition of more care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management. In particular, the shift of care from acute to non-acute settings may also place financial pressure on hospitals and broader healthcare systems that could result in less demand for our products. Tariffs and other cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector have led to increased competitiveness in terms of product pricing and have resulted and may continue to result in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs, improve clinical results and expand patient access. In addition, changes in regulatory or market standards, including, without limitation, data protection and cybersecurity requirements, often require significant investment for compliance. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market and regulatory demands in terms of our product offerings and go-to-market approaches. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change, discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes or economic value may render our current products or subsequently developed products obsolete or less competitive. In some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer (or are attempting to develop) alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device, such as oral GLP-1 medications. The medical technology industry has also experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than BD. Traditional distributors are also manufacturers of medical devices, providing another source of competition. In addition, healthcare systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. As a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. Group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the demand for and prices of our products. Market dynamics, changes in reimbursement practices and coverage policies, third-party payer cost containment measures and health insurance coverage levels could affect demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold. The sale of our products and services, as well as access to them, depends, in part, on the healthcare funding landscape, how healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by public and private payers and health insurance coverage levels and costs. Coverage policies and reimbursement levels can vary across the payer community globally, regionally and locally, and may affect which products customers purchase, the market acceptance rate for new technologies and the prices customers are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. In addition, third-party payers are increasingly challenging the reimbursement models and prices charged for medical products and services. Any changes to the reimbursement landscape, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which could adversely affect customer demand, or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. See “Third-Party Reimbursement” under “Item 1. Business.” A global trend towards limiting growth of healthcare costs may also put industry-wide pressure on medical device or clinical diagnostic pricing. In the U.S., the Center for Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has proposed the expansion of its Competitive Bidding Program (“CBP”). This proposed expansion would introduce a pricing model that could significantly influence the cost structure of some medical devices in the U.S. healthcare system; specifically, those reimbursed under CMS’ Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetic, Orthotic and Supplies payment system. By leveraging supplier competition to establish payment rates, the CBP mirrors purchasing initiatives seen in international markets, where procurement strategies attempt to prioritize 16 Table of Contents cost-efficiency, which could lead to uncertainty with respect to innovation, quality and patient access challenges or supplier attrition, as seen in prior bidding cycles. In addition, we expect recently enacted and proposed changes under legislative debate to Medicare, Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act to impact healthcare coverage, all of which if implemented could adversely affect both the demand and prices customers are willing to pay for our products. Globally, governments in China and other countries continue to use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders, price regulation (such as volume-based procurement programs (“VoBP”)), government imposed payback provisions, and changes in reimbursement practices and policies on average selling prices for our products, which have unfavorably impacted our revenues and may continue to impact our results of operations in certain countries. Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our business. We sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions and customers could reduce research and development spending and/or delay or avoid purchases of our products in response to economic factors. A number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health and similar agencies in other countries. The level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable and we have seen a reduction in government funding in fiscal year 2025. The availability of governmental research funding has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by policy changes, economic conditions and governmental spending reductions, including the downsizing or reduced funding of certain government agencies. Further, an extended federal government shutdown resulting from a failure to pass budget appropriations, adopt continuing funding resolutions or raise the debt ceiling, together with any other budgetary decisions limiting or delaying government spending, could negatively impact U.S. or global economic conditions. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by continuing to focus on innovation and new product development. New product development requires significant investment in R&D, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property rights and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development, or that we may seek to develop in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. If we are unable to develop and launch new products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be negatively impacted. Even if we successfully develop new products or enhancements or new generations of existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors’ innovations. We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. A substantial amount of our revenue is derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our future sales will continue to come from outside the U.S. The revenue we report with respect to our international operations has been, and may continue to be, affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which are caused by a number of factors, including changes in a country's political and economic policies, such as tariffs, and inflationary conditions. Furthermore, currency exchange rates have been volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations have affected, and may continue to affect, the reported value of our assets and liabilities, as well as our cash flows. A discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained 17 Table of Contents in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any foreign currency exchange rate hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the financial impact resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can effectively manage these fluctuations. We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives, key employees and other associates. Competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with certain technical competencies in some geographies, can be a challenge. Additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with technical, manufacturing and distribution experience to operate our business successfully. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including how BD’s compensation, benefits, work location, corporate culture and work environment compares with those offered by our competitors and other local employers. While there has been an improvement in what had been an intensely competitive labor market, there continues to be pressure on skilled labor in certain markets. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base has led to, and may continue to lead to, increased costs, such as an increase in overtime necessary to meet demand and increased wages and benefit costs to attract and retain skilled employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and skilled employees, we could encounter operational disruptions or other negative consequences to our business, financial condition or results of operations. Operational Risks Cybersecurity incidents and breaches or breakdowns of our information and technology systems or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on a large number of information and technology (“IT”) systems and related infrastructure, including services provided to us by third-party vendors to operate our business. We collect, use, store, transfer and otherwise process electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including personal, confidential, or proprietary information of BD and its customers, vendors and other business partners and patients. Additionally, some of our products and systems collect personal, confidential or proprietary information regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some of our products are internet enabled or connect to our IT systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have products and systems that connect to the internet, hospital networks, electronic medical record systems or electronic health record systems. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) solutions, platform-as-a-service (“PaaS”) solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, AI, tools and other hardware, software (including open-source software) and technical applications and platforms, including some that are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-party vendors, to operate our business. Further, we expect that the breadth and complexity of our IT systems and infrastructure will increase as we expand our product offerings to utilize cloud technologies and AI, which present inherent enterprise technology risks, including those related to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, that need to be managed. The foregoing could expose us to further risk of potential breaches, failures, interruptions and disruptions, which could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory inquiries or litigation, increased costs and expenses, reputational damage, lost revenue, and fines or penalties. In particular, risks associated with the deployment and use of AI into our operations generally could introduce new risks related to the management of our information and technology systems and related infrastructure and our overall cybersecurity threat landscape. While we are continuing to modernize our IT systems and infrastructure (such as hardware, software and operating systems), there are still legacy technologies in operation that are more vulnerable to risk of failures, interruptions and disruptions. In addition, while we continue to enhance business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such plans and strategies will be effective or account for all eventualities. We have experienced, and could in the future experience, the failure, interruption or disruption of the functionality of our IT systems and infrastructure (or those of third-party vendors upon which we rely), which could impair our ability or that of our customers, suppliers and other business partners to 18 Table of Contents conduct business. Such a disruption could also result in the loss of our trade secrets or otherwise compromise personal, confidential or proprietary information of ours or our customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of patients. Additionally, depending on the nature of such a disruption, it could result in efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products, result in reputational harm to our business and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. Cyberattacks continue to increase in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are increasingly difficult to detect in real-time and may go undetected for long periods of time, especially as they relate to attacks on third-party vendors and those utilizing emerging technologies (such as AI). Such attacks are often carried out by motivated and highly skilled actors, who are increasingly well-resourced. Our IT systems and infrastructure, as well as those of various third parties on which we rely, have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, a variety of cyberattacks, including, but not limited to, unauthorized access, malicious code execution and/or phishing attacks, which could be further exacerbated by rapid technology evolution, including increased adoption of AI and geopolitical events. For example, AI is increasingly being used by malicious actors to create more targeted cyberattacks and spread misinformation. These cyberattacks have resulted, and could in the future result, in our and our customers’ personal, confidential or proprietary information being accessed, destroyed, lost, stolen or otherwise compromised and could lead to increased costs for cybersecurity measures, insurance or remediation and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position in the market and result in other significant negative consequences, including lost revenue, damages or fines, manufacturing challenges or disruption, diversion of management attention, litigation, regulatory action and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products, including through cyberattacks, may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss or alteration of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions, as well as impact our compliance with privacy, data protection and other laws and regulations and could result in reputational damage and actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. In addition, acquisitions and the integration of acquired companies into our existing and future IT systems and infrastructure, including with third-party vendors and processes, inherently present cybersecurity risks, such as exposing us to vulnerabilities and threats that were previously unknown or unmanaged. While we attempt to mitigate these risks through due diligence, risk assessments and the implementation of cybersecurity controls and protocols during and after the acquisition process, there can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to prevent, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity incidents or breaches, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have made, and expect to continue making, significant investments intended to strengthen our cybersecurity posture—including measures designed to protect our products, systems, and data—we cannot guarantee that these efforts will fully prevent, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity incidents or breaches. We maintain processes designed to monitor, detect and respond to threats and collaborate with government authorities and third-party partners in an effort to reduce risk. However, given the evolving nature, sophistication, scale and frequency of cybersecurity incidents and breaches, no system can be entirely secure. A successful cybersecurity incident or breach could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The development, deployment and use of AI in our products and business operations generally could result in regulatory action, legal liability, operational challenges or reputational harm and our failure to adapt to medical technology industry trends and developments related to AI in a timely manner (or at all) could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have integrated (and expect to continue to integrate) AI into our products and business operations generally. We also expect to continue to develop future uses of AI and expand our existing AI capabilities to include agentic solutions, as well as pursue new AI technology partnerships with third parties. The development, deployment and use of AI (particularly generative AI) is in the early stages and presents various 19 Table of Contents risks, including from confidentiality, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and compliance perspectives, and raises intellectual property issues and legal, regulatory, reputational ethical, operational, technological and other concerns (see, “Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets” and “Cybersecurity incidents and breaches or breakdowns of our information and technology systems or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations” elsewhere in this Item 1A, Risk Factors). Additionally, if we do not effectively adopt and integrate AI into innovative, market-differentiated products in a timely manner, our competitive positi

=== BDX_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of our 2025 Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The table below sets forth certain information regarding BD’s purchases of its common stock during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) January 1 – 31, 2026 1,438 $ 198.53 — 20,833,026 February 1 – 28, 2026 (3) 9,320,064 171.68 9,319,664 11,513,362 March 1 – 31, 2026 — — — 11,513,362 Total 9,321,502 $ 171.69 9,319,664 11,513,362 (1) Includes 1,838 shares purchased during the quarter in open market transactions by the trust relating to BD’s Deferred Compensation and Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan and 1996 Directors’ Deferral Plan. (2) Includes shares remaining under repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors on January 27, 2026 and January 28, 2025, each of which permits the repurchase of up to 10 million shares of BD common stock and has no expiration date. During February 2026, BD fully utilized the repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on November 3, 2021, which permitted the repurchase of up to 10 million shares of BD common stock. (3) Shares purchased includes an initial delivery of 9,319,664 shares of BD common stock received upon payment of $2 billion under accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) agreements executed in February 2026. The remaining shares will be delivered in the third quarter of fiscal year 2026 based upon final settlement of the ASR agreements. The total average price paid per share in the table above reflects the volume weighted average price of BD's shares over the term. Additional disclosures regarding the transactions are provided in Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1. Financial Statements. 52 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our officers or directors adopted , terminated or modified a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” each as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act, except as follows: On February 10, 2026 , Thomas E. Polen , Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of BD , terminated a trading plan which was adopted on August 13, 2025 and intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act (the “original Rule 10b5-1 trading plan”). The original Rule 10b5-1 trading plan provided for the exercise of up to 47,700 stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) at various exercise prices, net of shares withheld to satisfy applicable taxes with an expiration date of December 1, 2026. Mr. Polen terminated the original Rule 10b5-1 trading plan in connection with the adjustment to BD’s stock price after the close of the spin-off of BD’s former Biosciences and Diagnostic Solutions business and the combination of the business with Waters Corporation in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction, as further discussed in Note 2 in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Following the termination of the original Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, on March 2, 2026 , Mr. Polen adopted a trading plan intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. The new plan provides for the exercise of up to 63,487 SARs at various exercise prices, net of shares withheld to satisfy applicable taxes and terminates on the earlier of the date all the shares under the plan are sold and June 1, 2027 . On February 18, 2026 , Michael Garrison , Executive Vice President and President, Medical Essentials and BioPharma Systems Segments of BD , adopted a trading plan intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. Dr. Garrison’s plan is for the sale of up to 2,200 shares of BD’s common stock. The sales will be made in accordance with the prices and formulas set forth in the plan and such plan terminates on the earlier of the date all the shares under the plan are sold and June 10, 2027 . On February 27, 2026 , Shana Neal , Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer of BD , adopted a trading plan intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. Ms. Neal’s plan is for the sale of up to 4,500 shares of BD’s common stock. The sales will be made in accordance with the prices and formulas set forth in the plan and such plan terminates on the earlier of the date all the shares under the plan are sold and June 7, 2027 . 53 Item 6. Exhibits 2(a) Amendment No. 1 to Separation Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026, by and among Becton, Dickinson and Company, Waters Corporation and Augusta SpinCo Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2026).* 3(a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of January 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2018). 3(b) Certificate of Designation of Series D Junior Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2026). 3( c ) By-laws, as amended as of April 28, 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2026). 10( a ) Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026, by and among Becton, Dickinson and Company, Waters Corporation and Augusta SpinCo Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2026).* 10( b ) Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026, by and among Becton, Dickinson and Company, Waters Corporation, and Augusta SpinCo Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2026).* 10( c ) Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026, by and among Becton, Dickinson and Company, Waters Corporation and Augusta SpinCo Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2026).* 10( d ) Transition Services Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2026, by and among Becton, Dickinson and Company, Waters Corporation and Augusta SpinCo Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2026).* 22 Subsidiary Issuer of Guaranteed Securities. 31 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to SEC Rule 13a - 14(a). 32 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a - 14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the U.S. Code.** 101 The following materials from this report, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Annexes, schedules and/or exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted attachment to the SEC on a confidential basis upon request. ** Furnished herewith