=== BXP_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and a reader should carefully consider them. Those risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. The following is a summary of the risk factors detailed in Item 1A: Our performance depends upon the economic conditions, particularly the supply and demand characteristics, of our markets Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. Market and economic volatility due to adverse economic and political conditions, health crises or dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and/or distributions. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry, including, without limitation: potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space; sustained changes in client preferences and space utilization from full-time, collective in-person work environments to hybrid or remote work models and/or changes from workforce reduction due to artificial intelligence, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces and negatively impact market rental rates and property values; potential delays in completion of development and redevelopment projects due to supply chain disruptions and labor shortages; and potential increases in costs to maintain, renovate and develop our properties related to inflation. We face potential adverse effects from major clients bankruptcies or insolvencies. Our actual costs to develop properties may exceed our budgeted costs. Our use of joint ventures may limit our control over jointly owned investments and limit our flexibility to acquire other assets. We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including refinancing risk. Our maturing debt bears interest at lower rates than the current market rates, which has increased, and may continue to increase our interest costs which could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets on favorable terms or at all. Covenants in our debt agreements could adversely affect our financial condition. Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of our equity and debt securities. We face risks associated with security breaches, incidents and compromises through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. The use of technology based on artificial intelligence and machine learning presents risks and challenges that may adversely affect our business and results of operations. We face risks associated with climate change and severe weather events, as well as the regulatory efforts intended to reduce the effects of climate change. Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs. 1 Table of Contents Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. Our involvement in legal proceedings and other claims may result in substantial monetary and other costs that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We face risks associated with BXP s status as a real estate investment trust (REIT), including, without limitation: failure to qualify as a REIT would cause BXP to be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment of dividends; possible adverse state and local tax audits and changes in state and local tax laws could result in increased tax costs that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the amount of cash available for the payment of dividends and distributions to our securityholders; and in order to maintain BXP s REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 52 . 2 Table of Contents PART I. Item 1 . Business General BXP, a Delaware corporation, is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT, and it is one of the largest publicly-traded office REITs (based on total market capitalization as of December 31, 2025) in the United States that develops, owns and manages primarily premier workplaces. BXP was formed in 1997 to succeed the real estate development, redevelopment, acquisition, management, operating and leasing businesses associated with the predecessor company founded by Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. Linde in 1970. Our properties are concentrated in six dynamic gateway markets Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. At December 31, 2025, we owned or had joint venture interests in a portfolio of 179 commercial real estate properties, aggregating approximately 52.6 million net rentable square feet of primarily premier workplaces, including eight properties under construction/redevelopment totaling approximately 3.5 million net rentable square feet. As of December 31, 2025, our properties consisted of: 157 office properties (including four properties under construction/redevelopment); 14 retail properties (including one property under construction); seven residential properties (including three properties under construction); and one hotel. We consider premier workplaces to be well-located buildings that are modern structures or have been modernized to compete with newer buildings, are professionally managed and maintained, and offer a number and type of amenities that are in high demand by clients that are focused on the importance of the physical work environment in recruiting and retaining the best and brightest employees. As such, these properties attract creditworthy clients and command upper-tier rental rates in their markets. We do not consider the expression premier workplaces a classification of our properties in accordance with any standard listing criteria in the real estate industry. We therefore caution investors that our use and definition of premier workplaces may be different than the use and definition of similar expressions and traditional classifications that may be used by other companies. We are a full-service real estate company, with substantial in-house expertise and resources in acquisitions, development, financing, capital markets, construction management, property management, marketing, leasing, accounting, risk management, tax and legal services. For this reason, we refer to our tenants as clients due to the many facets of our continuous engagements with them, which span beyond the usual tenant/landlord relationship. Throughout this Annual Report, we use the terms tenant and client interchangeably. BXP manages BPLP as its sole general partner. Our principal executive office and Boston regional office are located at The Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 and our telephone number is (617) 236-3300. In addition, we have regional offices at 2800 28th Street, Santa Monica, California 90405, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Two Embarcadero Center, San Francisco, California 94111, 1001 Fourth Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98154 and 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20037. Our internet address is http://www.bxp.com. On our website, you can obtain free copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. You may also obtain BXP s and BPLP s reports by accessing the EDGAR database at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov, or we will furnish an electronic or paper copy of these reports free of charge upon written request to: Investor Relations, BXP, Inc., Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199. Boston Properties is a registered trademark, BXP is a registered trademark, and the bxp logo is a registered trademark, in all cases, owned by BPLP. Boston Properties Limited Partnership BPLP is a Delaware limited partnership organized in 1997, and the entity through which BXP conducts substantially all of its business and owns, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of its assets. BXP is the sole general partner of BPLP and, as of February 20, 2026, the owner of approximately 89.4% of the economic interests in BPLP. Economic interest was calculated as the number of common partnership units of BPLP 3 Table of Contents owned by BXP as a percentage of the sum of (1) the actual aggregate number of outstanding common partnership units of BPLP and (2) the number of common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding long term incentive plan units of BPLP ( LTIP Units ), for which all performance conditions have been satisfied for such conversion. We exclude from (1) and (2) above other LTIP Units issued in the form of Multi-Year Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards in 2024 or later ( MYLTIP Awards or MYLTIP Units ) and 2025 Outperformance Plan Awards ( 2025 OPP Awards or 2025 OPP Units ), which remain subject to performance conditions. An LTIP Unit is generally the economic equivalent of a share of BXP s restricted common stock, although LTIP Units issued in the form of MYLTIP Awards and 2025 OPP Awards are only entitled to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of the regular quarterly distributions (and no special distributions) prior to being earned. Transactions During 2025 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2025, we acquired 2100 M Street, a vacant office building, located in Washington, DC, for a purchase price, including transaction costs, of approximately $55.9 million of cash. We intend to redevelop this site in the future (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Dispositions and Impairments During the year ended December 31, 2025, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures, we completed eight sales transactions for an ag gregate gross sales price of approximately $702.6 million, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $682.5 million and gains on sales of real estate of $175.0 million and $177.6 million for BXP and BPLP, respectively (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). . During the year ended December 31, 2025 , we evaluated the consolidated properties approved by BXP s Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) for sale to third-parties, which resulted in recognized impairment losses of approximately $85.8 million and $82.9 million for BXP and BPLP, respectively (See Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Developments /Redevelopments During the year ended December 31, 2025, we commenced development/redevelopment of four properties, including 343 Madison Avenue in New York City, New York, aggregating approximately 1.9 million in estimated net rentable square feet when complete. Our share of the aggregated estimated total investment to complete these properties is approximately $2.1 billion. We also partially or fully placed in-service four properties that totaled approximately 727,000 net rentable square feet (See Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). As of December 31, 2025, we had eight properties under construction/redevelopment, aggregating approximately 3.5 million in estimated net rentable square feet when completed. We estimate our share of the aggregate estimated total investment to complete these projects is approximately $3.9 billion, of which approximately $2.5 billion remained to be invested as of December 31, 2025. The total development pipeline, including office, laboratory/life sciences and retail developments, but excluding our residential developments, is 61% pre-leased as of February 20, 2026. For a detailed list of the properties under construction/redevelopment see Liquidity and Capital Resources within Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Debt During the year ended December 31, 2025, BXP further strengthened its balance sheet by addressing debt maturities and sourcing additional liquidity in the capital markets. In the aggregate, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures, our debt market activities totaled approximately $4.2 billion, underscoring BXP s consistent access to debt capital. For additional details on each of the transactions listed below, refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Notable transactions during 2025 include: Repaid $850.0 million of 3.20% unsecured senior notes due January 15, 2025, Upsized the unsecured commercial paper program from $500.0 million to $750.0 million in March 2025, 4 Table of Contents Extended the maturity date for the $700.0 million unsecured term loan to 2030 (inclusive of extension options) in March 2025, Upsized the amended and restated revolving credit agreement from $2.0 billion to $2.25 billion and extended its maturity date to 2030 in March 2025, and Issued $1.0 billion of 2.00% unsecured exchangeable senior notes due 2030 in September 2025. Hedging Transaction On April 8, 2025, BPLP entered into an interest rate swap contract with a notional amount of $300.0 million to replace $300.0 million of interest rate swap contracts that expired on April 1, 2025. The interest rate swap was entered into to fix Daily Simple SOFR, at a fixed interest rate of 3.6775% per annum for the period commencing on April 7, 2025, the effective date, and ending on April 6, 2026 (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Equity Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2025, BXP acquired an aggregate of 291,040 common units of limited partnership interest, including a total of 87,398 common units issued upon the conversion of LTIP Units, 2012 outperformance plan awards ( 2012 OPP Units ) and 2013 - 2021 multi-year, long-term incentive program awards, presented by the holders for redemption, in exchange for an equal number of shares of BXP common stock. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures For additional details on each of the transactions listed below, refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. During the year ended December 31, 2025, our unconsolidated joint ventures further strengthened their balance sheets by addressing debt maturities and sourcing additional liquidity in the capital markets. In the aggregate, their debt market activities totaled approximately $1.2 billion of which our share was approximately $0.5 billion. Notable transactions during 2025 include: Executed a new $252.0 million non-recourse CMBS financing secured by our 7750 Wisconsin Avenue joint venture in Bethesda, Maryland in February 2025. This new loan was used to repay the existing $252.0 million construction loan. We have a 50% ownership interest in the joint venture. Executed a new $225.0 million construction loan secured by our 290 Coles Street joint venture in Jersey City, New Jersey in March 2025. We have a 19.46% ownership interest in the joint venture. Executed a new $98.7 million construction loan secured by our 17 Hartwell Street joint venture in Lexington, Massachusetts in June 2025. We have a 20% ownership interest in the joint venture. Executed a new $465.0 million non-recourse CMBS financing secured by our Hub on Causeway - Podium and 100 Causeway Street joint ventures in Boston, Massachusetts in October 2025. This new loan was used to repay the existing loans aggregating approximately $490.0 million. We have a 50% ownership interest in the joint ventures. Executed a (1) new $108.0 million senior loan and (2) $50.0 million mezzanine loan secured by our 3 Hudson Boulevard joint venture in New York City, New York in October 2025. These new loans were used to repay the existing $80.0 million loan that was provided by us to the joint venture. We have a 25% ownership interest in the joint venture and are the lender for the mezzanine loan. Repaid the approximately $198.4 million construction loan secured by our Dock 72 joint venture in Brooklyn, New York in October 2025. We have a 50% ownership interest in the joint venture. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we completed three sale transactions related to our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. Our share of the ag gregate gross sales price was approximately $237.7 million, resulting in our share of net proceeds of approximately $170.2 million. We recognized gains on sales related to these transactions of approximately $53.7 million, which has been included within Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures on the Consolidated Financial Statements. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we evaluated key impairment indicators related to certain investments in unconsolidated joint ventures (See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). This 5 Table of Contents evaluation, including a pending offer from a third-party, resulted in our determination that the decline in value for the joint venture that owns Gateway Commons was other-than-temporary. As a result, we recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss on our investment in Gateway Commons of approximately $145.1 million. Noncontrolling Interest On August 27, 2025, we acquired our partner s 45% ownership interest in the consolidated entity that is developing the 343 Madison Avenue project located in New York City, New York for approximately $43.5 million of cash. The acquisition price equaled the partner s aggregate unreturned capital contributions to the joint venture. Prior to the acquisition, we had a 55% ownership interest in the joint venture. Stock Option and Incentive Plan For additional details on each of the transactions listed below, refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. On January 22, 2025, BXP s Compensation Committee approved the 2025 Multi-Year Long-Term Incentive Program (the 2025 MYLTIP ) awards under the BXP, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ) to certain executive officers of BXP. Under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 718 Compensation Stock Compensation, ( ASC 718 ) the 2025 MYLTIP awards have an aggregate value of approximately $12.7 million, which amount will generally be amortized into earnings under the graded vesting method. On January 31, 2025, the three-year measurement period for our 2022 MYLTIP awards ended and, based on BXP s absolute and relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) performance, the final payout was determined to be 59% of target, or an aggregate of approximately $5.4 million (after giving effect to employee separations). As a result, an aggregate of 177,919 2022 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited. On December 22, 2025, BXP s Compensation Committee approved the 2025 OPP Awards. Under the 2025 OPP Awards, performance and service-based equity awards were granted to certain members of BXP s senior leadership team. The awards were issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan in the form of LTIP Units and consist of an opportunity to earn up to an aggregate of 711,864 LTIP Units. The number of LTIP Units reflects the maximum that may be earned for achieving the highest level of performance and satisfying the service-based vesting requirements. Under ASC 718 the 2025 OPP Awards have an aggregate value of approximately $31.9 million, which amount will generally be amortized into earnings under the graded vesting attribution method. Business and Growth Strategies Business Strategies Our primary business objective is to maximize return on investment to provide our investors with the greatest possible total return at all points of the economic cycle. Our long-term strategies to achieve this objective are: to target a few carefully selected dynamic gateway markets Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC and to be one of the leading, if not the leading, developers, owners and managers in each of those markets with a full-service office in each market providing property management, leasing, development, construction and legal expertise. We select markets and submarkets with a diverse economic base and a deep pool of prospective clients in various industries and where clients have demonstrated a preference for premier workplaces and other facilities. Additionally, our markets have historically been able to recruit new talent to them and help sustain job growth that results in growth in rental rates and occupancy over time; to emphasize markets and submarkets within those markets where the difficulty of receiving the necessary approvals for development and the necessary financing constitute high barriers to the creation of new supply, and where skill, financial strength and diligence are required to successfully develop, finance and manage high-quality office as well as selected life sciences, retail and residential space; to take on complex, technically challenging development projects, leveraging the skills of our management team to successfully develop, acquire or reposition properties that other organizations may not have the capacity or resources to pursue; 6 Table of Contents to own and develop high-quality real estate designed to meet the demands of today s clients who require sophisticated telecommunications and related infrastructure, support services, sustainable features and amenities, including those amenities that enrich in-person experiences and support a hybrid work environment, and to manage those facilities so as to become the landlord of choice for both existing and prospective clients; to opportunistically acquire assets that increase our market share in the markets in which we have chosen to concentrate, as well as potential new markets, which exhibit an opportunity to improve returns through repositioning (through a combination of capital improvements and shift in marketing strategy), changes in management focus and leasing; to explore joint venture or lending opportunities with existing property owners located in desirable locations, who seek to benefit from the depth of development and management expertise we are able to provide and our access to capital; to pursue on a selective basis the sale of properties or interests therein, including core properties, to either (1) take advantage of the demand for our premier properties and realize the value we have created or (2) pare from our portfolio properties that we believe have slower future growth potential; to seek third-party development contracts to enable us to retain and utilize our existing development and construction management staff, especially when our internal development is less active or when new development is less-warranted due to market conditions; and to enhance our capital structure through our access to a variety of sources of equity and debt capital and proactively manage our debt expirations. From time to time, in response to one or more macroeconomic or other external factors, we refine our plans for achieving one or more elements of our overall strategy. At our September 2025 Investor Day, we detailed a three-year action plan focused on near-term earnings growth by leveraging BXP's operational expertise and portfolio of premier workplaces within our core gateway markets to: grow occupancy; develop premier assets with a focus on projects underway and a selective approach to future opportunities; execute on a multi-year asset sales program to dispose of non-income producing land, select residential, and non-strategic and select strategic office assets, with proceeds designated to reduce leverage and fund our development pipeline; and secure private equity partnerships on select assets to complement other funding sources and increase investment yields. We believe the components of this strategic action plan align with our broader, long-term strategy of maintaining leadership in core markets, prudently growing the portfolio, and disciplined capital allocation to drive shareholder value. We may achieve the goals underlying this strategic action plan through a variety of methods and the timing, extent and impact of any transactions that we have or will undertake while implementing this strategic action plan may vary and evolve. Growth Strategies External Growth Strategies We believe that our development experience, our organizational depth, utilization of our joint venture partner relationships and our balance sheet position us to continue to selectively develop a range of premier workplaces, including high-rise urban developments, mixed-use developments (including office, residential and retail), low-rise suburban office and residential properties, within budget and on schedule. We believe we are also well-positioned to achieve external growth through acquisitions. From time to time, we remove from service select office assets for which we believe we have better uses, such as residential developments. Other factors that contribute to our competitive position include: our control of sites in our markets that could support, as of December 31, 2025, approximately 13.6 million and 4.7 million of additional square feet of new office and residential developments, respectively; 7 Table of Contents our reputation gained through 56 years of successful operations and the stability and strength of our existing portfolio of properties; our relationships with leading national corporations, universities and public institutions, including government agencies, seeking new facilities and development services; our relationships with nationally recognized financial institutions that provide capital to the real estate industry; our track record and reputation for executing acquisitions efficiently provide comfort to domestic and foreign institutions, private investors and business entities who seek to sell commercial real estate in our market areas; our ability to act quickly on due diligence and financing; our relationships with institutional buyers and sellers of high-quality real estate assets; our ability to procure entitlements from multiple municipalities to develop and/or sell sites and attract land owners to sell to or partner with us; and our relationship with domestic and foreign investors who seek to partner with companies like ours. Opportunities to execute our external growth strategy fall into three categories: Development in selected submarkets. We believe the selective development of well-positioned premier workplaces, as well as residential buildings and mixed-use complexes, may be justified in certain of our markets. We believe in acquiring land after taking into consideration timing factors relating to economic cycles and in response to market conditions that should allow for its development at the appropriate time. While we purposely concentrate in markets with high barriers-to-entry, we have demonstrated throughout our 56-year history an ability to make carefully timed land acquisitions in submarkets where we can become one of the market leaders in establishing rent and other business terms. We believe that there are opportunities at key locations in our existing and other markets for a well-capitalized developer to acquire land or buildings with development or redevelopment potential. We seek complex projects where we can add value through the efforts of our experienced and skilled management team leading to attractive returns on investment. In the past, we have been particularly successful at acquiring sites or options to purchase sites that need governmental approvals for development. Because of our development expertise, knowledge of the governmental approval process and reputation for quality development with local government regulatory bodies, we generally have been able to secure the permits necessary to allow development and to profit from the resulting increase in land value. Our strong regional relationships and recognized development expertise have also enabled us to capitalize on unique build-to-suit opportunities. We intend to seek and expect to continue to be presented with such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn relatively significant returns on these development opportunities through multiple business cycles. Acquisition of assets and portfolios of assets from institutions, including lenders, or individuals. We believe that due to our size, management strength and reputation, we are well positioned to acquire portfolios of assets or individual properties from institutions or individuals if valuations meet our criteria. In addition, we believe that our market knowledge, our liquidity and access to capital may provide us with a competitive advantage when pursuing acquisitions. Opportunities to acquire properties may also come through the purchase of first mortgage or mezzanine debt. We are also able to appeal to sellers wishing to contribute on a tax-deferred basis their ownership of property for equity in a diversified real estate operating company that offers liquidity through access to the public equity markets in addition to a quarterly distribution. Our ability to offer common and preferred units of limited partnership in BPLP to sellers who would otherwise recognize a taxable gain upon a sale of assets for cash or BXP s common stock may facilitate these types of acquisitions on a tax-efficient basis. Existing promulgated Treasury regulations may limit the tax benefits previously available to sellers in some variations of these transactions. 8 Table of Contents Acquisition of underperforming assets and portfolios of assets . We believe that because of our in-depth market knowledge and development experience in each of our markets, our national reputation with brokers, financial institutions, owners of real estate and others involved in the real estate market and our access to competitively-priced capital, we are well-positioned to identify and acquire existing, underperforming properties for competitive prices and to add significant additional value to such properties through our effective marketing strategies, repositioning/redevelopment expertise and a responsive property management program. Internal Growth Strategies We believe that opportunities will exist to increase cash flow from our existing properties through an increase in occupancy and rental rates because they are of high quality and in desirable locations. Additionally, our markets have diversified economies that have historically experienced job growth and increased use of office space, resulting in growth in rental rates and occupancy over time. Our strategy for maximizing the benefits from these opportunities is three-fold: (1) to provide high-quality property management services using our employees in order to encourage clients to renew, expand and relocate in our properties, (2) to achieve speed and transaction cost efficiency in replacing departing clients through the use of in-house services for marketing, lease negotiation and construction of tenant and capital improvements and (3) to work with new or existing clients with space expansion or contraction needs, leveraging our expertise and clustering of assets to maximize the cash flow from our assets. We expect to continue our internal growth as a result of our ability to: Carefully select submarkets and cultivate long-term relationships with creditworthy clients. In choosing locations for our properties, we have paid particular attention to transportation and commuting patterns, physical environment, adjacency to established business centers and amenities, proximity to sources of business growth and other local factors that we believe our clients demand. At December 31, 2025, the weighted-average lease term of our in-place leases based on square feet, including leases signed by our unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 7.9 years and we continue to cultivate long-term leasing relationships with a diverse base of high-quality, financially stable clients. In 2025, we executed approximately 5.6 million square feet of leases with a weighted-average lease term of 10.1 years. Based on leases in place at December 31, 2025, leases with respect to approximately 2.6%, or approximately 1.2 million square feet, of the total square feet in our portfolio, including unconsolidated joint ventures but excluding Gateway Commons and North First Business Park, will expire in calendar year 2026. Directly manage our office properties to maximize the potential for client retention. We provide property management services ourselves, rather than contracting for this service, to maintain awareness of and responsiveness to client needs. We and our properties also benefit from cost efficiencies produced by an experienced work force attentive to preventive maintenance and energy management and from our continuing programs to assure that our property management personnel at all levels remain aware of their important role in client relations. In addition, we reinvest in our properties by adding new services and amenities that are desirable to our clients. Replace clients quickly at best available market terms and lowest possible transaction costs . We believe that we are well-positioned to attract new clients and achieve relatively high rental and occupancy rates as a result of our well-located, well-designed and well-maintained properties, our reputation for high-quality building services and responsiveness to clients, and our ability to offer expansion and relocation alternatives within our submarkets. Extend terms of existing leases to existing clients prior to expiration . We have also successfully structured early client renewals, which have reduced the cost associated with lease downtime while securing the tenancy of our highest quality credit-worthy clients on a long-term basis and enhancing relationships. Re-development of existing assets. We believe the select re-development of assets within our portfolio, where through the ability to increase the building size and/or to increase cash flow and generate appropriate returns on incremental investment after consideration of the asset s current and future cash flows, may be desirable. This generally occurs in situations in which we are able to increase the building s size, improve building systems, including conversion to higher yielding uses, and sustainability features, and/or add client amenities, thereby increasing client demand, generating acceptable returns 9 Table of Contents on incremental investment and enhancing the long-term value of the property and the company. In the past, we have been particularly successful at gaining local government approval for increased density at several of our assets, providing the opportunity to enhance value at a particular location. Our strong regional relationships and recognized re-development expertise have enabled us to capitalize on unique build-to-suit opportunities. We intend to seek and expect to continue to be presented with such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn attractive returns on these development opportunities through multiple business cycles. Sustainability Our Strategy We are committed to maximizing long-term value for our shareholders through, among other strategies, actively working to promote our growth and operations sustainably and responsibly across our six dynamic gateway markets. BXP s sustainability strategy is to conduct our business, the development, ownership and operation of new and existing buildings, in a manner that contributes to positive outcomes for our clients, shareholders, employees and the communities in which we operate (collectively, our stakeholders ). We are focused on developing and maintaining healthy, high-performance buildings, while simultaneously mitigating operational costs and the potential external impacts of energy, water, waste, and climate change. We undertake electric, steam, and natural gas efficiency projects and procurement initiatives to reduce energy-related operating expense growth and primary fossil fuel consumption. These initiatives have also contributed to lower greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions and compliance with building performance standards in the New York and Boston markets. Through our efforts, we demonstrate that operating and developing commercial real estate can be conducted with a conscious regard for the environment while mutually benefiting our stakeholders. Sustainability Leadership BXP is a widely recognized industry leader in sustainability, and our 2025 highlights include: BXP achieved carbon-neutral operations for GHG emissions Scopes 1 and 2 BXP ranked among the top real estate companies in the GRESB assessment, earning a tenth consecutive 5-star rating. 2025 was the 14th consecutive year that BXP earned the GRESB Green Star designation BXP maintained an MSCI rating of AA and a CDP score of B BXP was named to Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies 2026 for the sixth consecutive year, ranking in the top half of 600 companies, and was also named to Newsweek s America s Greenest Companies 2026 with a 5-star rating BXP was named a Fitwel Best in Building Health Award winner by the Center for Active Design for the ninth time BXP earned the City of Boston s Building Emissions Reduction and Disclosure Ordinance's (BERDO) Energy Efficiency Spotlight, highlighting our retro-commissioning efforts in Boston BXP was named a Sustainalytics Low Carbon Leader BXP continued its tenure as an inaugural Platinum Level Green Lease Leader by the Institute for Market Transformation and the U.S. Department of Energy Our leadership position is due, in part, to our establishment of environmental goals, the periodic reporting of progress toward our goals and the achievement of these goals, which we report in an annual Sustainability Impact Report that is made available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading Commitment . We have publicly adopted energy, water, building certification, waste and GHG emissions goals, including a commitment to achieving carbon-neutral operations (for direct and indirect Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions) by the end of 2025 from our occupied and actively managed buildings where we have operational control. We have also provided climate-related disclosures aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ). Detailed information on these goals and targets and our TCFD disclosures are included in our Sustainability Impact Reports. We expect to publish our next report in April 2026. 10 Table of Contents The Sustainability Impact Reports and the related information contained on our website (or that can be accessed through our website) are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ) Disclosures The Real Estate Sustainability Accounting Standard issued by SASB in 2018 proposed sustainability accounting metrics designed for disclosure in mandatory filings, such as the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and serves as the framework against which we have aligned our disclosures for sustainability information. The recommended energy and water management activity metrics for the real estate industry include energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of floor area ( Energy Intensity ); percentage of the eligible portfolio that is certified ENERGY STAR ( ENERGY STAR certified ); total energy consumed by portfolio area ( Total Energy Consumption ); water withdrawal as a percentage of total floor area ( Water Intensity ); and total water withdrawn by portfolio area ( Total Water Consumption ). Our energy and water data is collected from utility bills and submeters and is assured by an independent, third-party assurance expert, which includes all 2024 SASB energy and water metrics. During the 2025 calendar year, 64 buildings representing 50% of BXP s total in-service portfolio were ENERGY STAR certified. A licensed professional has verified all ENERGY STAR applications. The charts below detail our Energy Intensity, Total Energy Consumption, Water Intensity and Total Water Consumption for 2015 through 2024 for which data were available on occupied and actively managed office buildings where we had operational control. 1,2,3,4,5,6 _______________ (1) Full 2025 calendar year energy and water data will not be available and assured by a third party until April 2026. Therefore, 2024 is the most recent year for which complete and third-party assured energy and water data is available. (2) The charts reflect the performance of our occupied and actively managed office portfolio. We define occupied buildings as those with no more than 50% vacancy. Actively managed office buildings are multi-tenant buildings over which we have operational control of building system performance and investment decisions. At the end of the 2024 calendar year, our occupied and actively managed office portfolio included 75 buildings totaling 39.6 million gross square feet, and it accounted for approximately 73% of BXP s total in-service portfolio by area. (3) Floor area is considered to have complete energy consumption data coverage when we obtain energy consumption data (i.e., energy types and amounts consumed) for all types of energy consumed in the relevant floor area during the calendar year, regardless of when such data was obtained. (4) The scope of energy includes energy purchased from sources external to us and our clients or produced by us or our clients and energy from all sources, including fuel, gas, electricity and steam. Energy use intensity (kBtu/SF) has been weather-normalized. (5) Water sources include surface water (including water from wetlands, rivers, lakes and oceans), groundwater, rainwater collected directly and stored by BXP, municipal water supplies or supply from other water utilities. (6) 2020 and 2021 data reflect the combined impacts of efficiency measures and reduced physical occupancy due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, we had 714 non-union employees and 112 union employees. Because the unions control the primary aspects of the hiring process, except as otherwise noted, all data provided in this Human Capital Management section refers to BXP s non-union employee workforce only. 11 Table of Contents Our operational and financial performance depends on the talents, energy, experience and well-being of our employees. Our ability to attract and retain talented people depends on a number of factors, including work environment, career development and professional training, compensation and benefits, and the health, safety and wellness of our employees. Our workforce provides a strategic business advantage as it is one of our most valuable assets. We are committed to the quality, growth and development of our people as part of our strategy to drive long-term value for our shareholders. We aim to ensure that all employees have the opportunity to make their maximum contribution to us and to their own career goals. It has been, and will continue to be, our policy to recruit, hire, assign, promote and train in all job titles without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. Our hiring practices do not, and have not, included quotas or numerical targets based on any of these characteristics. Culture Employee Engagement We believe that the success of our business is tied to the quality of our workforce, and we strive to maintain a corporate environment without losing the entrepreneurial spirit with which we were founded more than 55 years ago. By providing a quality workplace and comprehensive benefit programs, we recognize the commitment of our employees to bring their talent, energy and experience to us. Our continued success will depend on our employees expertise and dedication. Our workforce, as referred to in this section, excludes intern employees and union employees for which the unions control primary aspects of the hiring process. We periodically conduct employee engagement surveys to monitor our employees satisfaction in different aspects of their employment, including company performance, leadership, communication, career development and benefits offerings. Past employee responsiveness to the engagement surveys has been consistently high and the results help inform us on matters that our employees view as key contributors to a positive work experience. Based on the most recent employee engagement survey conducted in 2025, with a 93% response rate, the overall company-wide result was a favorable rating. The results affirmed that BXP is healthy across core areas such as company performance, leadership and management. We intend to continue to periodically evaluate employee engagement as needed on a meaningful basis. Another indicator of the success of our efforts in the workplace is the long tenure of our employees. Approximately 34% of our employees have worked at BXP for ten or more years. The average tenure of our employees is approximately 9.8 years and that of our officers is 18.3 years. In 2025, our voluntary workforce turnover rate was 7.6%. Career Development Training We invest significant resources in our employees personal and professional growth and development and provide a wide range of tools and development opportunities that build and strengthen employees leadership and professional skills. These development opportunities include in-person and virtual training sessions, in-house learning opportunities, various management trainings, departmental conferences, executive town halls and external programs. We foster an environment of growth and internal promotion and strive for a process that is grounded in efficiency, transparency and collaboration for our internal candidates. Open positions are posted, and employees are highly encouraged to apply for promotion within the organization. In 2025, more than 7% of our employees were promoted to elevated roles within our organization. Compensation Benefits We designed our compensation program with the goal of providing a balanced and effective way of ensuring internal equity and market competitiveness in our pay practices. We have coupled external market-driven data with a comprehensive performance review assessment tool to strike the balance that best represents our compensation strategy and links pay to performance. On an annual basis, our Human Resources department evaluates market compensation ranges for each position to ensure we are appropriately compensating our employees. We believe this total rewards program directly aligns with our compensation and benefits strategy. Our employee benefit programs are thoughtfully designed to meet the needs of our workforce by offering comprehensive and competitive programs to support our employees and their families. These programs provide flexibility and choice in coverage, valuable resources to protect and enhance financial security, and benefits that help balance work and personal life. Some of the benefits that we offer our employees include: 12 Table of Contents health (including telehealth), dental and vision insurance, employer-subsidized health savings account, a 401(k) plan with a generous company matching contribution, an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase our common stock at a discount, health care and dependent care flexible spending accounts, income protection through our sick pay, salary continuation, long-term disability policies and life insurance and AD D insurance, business travel accident insurance, a scholarship program for the children of non-officer employees, tuition reimbursement, a commuter subsidy to encourage and support the use of public transportation, paid vacation, holiday, personal days, a volunteer day program, and paid parental leave to balance work and personal life, wellness and mental health well-being programs, employee assistance program, matching charitable gift program, back-up care for children and elders, and pet insurance. Health, Safety Wellness As one of the largest publicly traded premier workplace REITs (based on total market capitalization as of December 31, 2025) in the United States, we appreciate the influence of buildings on human health and its importance to our clients and employees. The health, safety and security of our employees, clients, contractors and other visitors to our properties are our highest priority. We have implemented numerous operational measures to promote better health and safety in our buildings, including measures related to indoor air quality in our buildings. We believe the success of our employees is dependent upon their overall well-being, including their physical health, mental health, work-life balance and financial well-being. In addition to the benefits outlined above, we also offer our employees an Employee Wellness Program, an Employee Assistance Program and a Mental Health Well-Being Program. The Employee Wellness Program was established in 2016 to encourage employees to improve their health and well-being by offering a variety of activities and engaging content to meet individual wellness goals. Qualifying program participants receive a discount on a portion of their health insurance cost. The Employee Assistance Program includes services for childcare, eldercare, personal or work-related relationships, financial planning assistance, stress management, mental health, general wellness and self-help. BXP also offers a premium mental health wellbeing program that provides online resources and support for employees facing a wide variety of issues. Policies with Respect to Certain Activities The discussion below sets forth certain additional information regarding our investment, financing and other policies. These policies have been determined by BXP s Board of Directors and, in general, may be amended or revised from time to time by the Board of Directors. Investment Policies Investments in Real Estate or Interests in Real Estate Our investment objectives are to provide quarterly cash dividends/distributions to our securityholders and to achieve long-term capital appreciation through increases in our value. We have not established a specific policy regarding the relative priority of these investment objectives. We expect to continue to pursue our investment objectives primarily through the ownership of our current properties, development and redevelopment projects and other acquired properties. We currently intend to continue to invest primarily in developments of properties and acquisitions of existing improved properties or properties in 13 Table of Contents need of redevelopment, and acquisitions of land that we believe have development potential, primarily in our existing markets of Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. We have explored and may continue to explore for future investment in select domestic and international markets that exhibit these same traits. Future investment or development activities will not be limited to a specified percentage of our assets. We intend to engage in such future investment or development activities in a manner that is consistent with the maintenance of BXP s status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In addition, we may purchase or lease income-producing commercial and other types of properties for long-term investment, expand and improve the real estate presently owned or other properties purchased, or sell such real estate properties, in whole or in part, when circumstances warrant. We do not have a policy that restricts the amount or percentage of assets that will be invested in any specific property, however, our investments may be restricted by our debt covenants. We may also continue to participate with third parties in property ownership, through joint ventures or other types of co-ownership. These investments may permit us to own interests in larger assets without unduly restricting diversification and, therefore, add flexibility in structuring our portfolio. Equity investments may be subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or such financing or indebtedness as may be incurred in connection with acquiring or refinancing these investments. Debt service on such financing or indebtedness will have a priority over any distributions with respect to BXP s common stock. Investments are also subject to our policy not to be treated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Investments in Real Estate Mortgages and Mezzanine Debt While our current portfolio consists primarily of, and our business objectives emphasize, equity investments in commercial real estate, we may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of BXP, invest in mortgages and other types of real estate interests consistent with BXP s qualification as a REIT. Investments in real estate mortgages run the risk that one or more borrowers may default under the mortgages and that the collateral securing such mortgages may not be sufficient to enable us to recoup our full investment. We may invest in participating, convertible or traditional mortgages if we conclude that we may benefit from the cash flow, or any appreciation in value of the property or as an entrance to the fee ownership. As of December 31, 2025, we had one note receivable and two related-party note receivables outstanding, which totaled approximately $37.7 million, after adjustments for financing costs and the current expected credit loss allowance. Securities of or Interests in Entities Primarily Engaged in Real Estate Activities Subject to the percentage of ownership limitations and gross income and asset tests necessary for BXP s REIT qualification and our debt covenants, we also may invest in securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities. Dispositions Our long-term business strategy includes selective asset sales from time to time. In general, we decide to dispose or partially dispose of properties based upon a periodic review of our portfolio and the determination by the Board of Directors of BXP that doing so is in our best interests. However, a key component of our current strategic action plan introduced at our September 2025 Investor Day is the execution of a multi-year asset sales program to generate approximately $1.9 billion in net proceeds to fund our development pipeline and reduce leverage. See Liquidity and Capital Resources within Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more details on our asset sales program. Any decision to dispose of a property or a partial interest in a property will be authorized by the Board of Directors of BXP or a committee thereof. Some holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP could incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of certain of our properties that differ from the tax consequences to BXP. Consequently, holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale. Such different tax treatment derives in most cases from the fact that we acquired these properties in exchange for partnership interests in contribution transactions structured to allow the prior owners to defer taxable gain. Generally, this deferral continues so long as we do not dispose of the properties in a taxable transaction. Unless a sale by us of these properties is structured as a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or in a manner that otherwise allows deferral to continue, recognition of the deferred tax gain allocable to these prior owners is generally triggered by a sale. As of December 31, 2025, we had one property that was subject to a tax protection agreement, which may limit our ability to dispose of the asset or require us to pay damages to the prior owner in the event of a taxable 14 Table of Contents sale in violation of the agreement. The tax protection agreement expires on December 14, 2033, or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. Financing Policies The agreement of limited partnership of BPLP and BXP s certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur. Further, we do not have a policy limiting the amount of indebtedness that we may incur, nor have we established any limit on the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any single property or on our portfolio as a whole. However, our mortgages, credit facilities, joint venture agreements and unsecured debt securities contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness. In addition, we evaluate the impact of incremental leverage on our debt metrics and the credit ratings of BPLP s publicly traded debt. A reduction in BPLP s credit ratings could result in us borrowing money at higher interest rates. The Board of Directors of BXP will consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and when making decisions regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, including the purchase price of properties to be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our properties upon refinancing, the cost and effectiveness of entering into interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts and the ability of particular properties, and us as a whole, to generate cash flow to cover expected debt service. Policies with Respect to Other Activities As the sole general partner of BPLP, BXP has the authority to issue additional common and preferred units of limited partnership interest of BPLP. BXP has issued, and may in the future issue, common or preferred units of limited partnership interest to persons who contribute their direct or indirect interests in properties to us in exchange for such common or preferred units. We have not engaged in trading, underwriting or agency distribution or sale of securities of issuers other than BXP and BPLP does not intend to do so. At all times, we intend to make investments in such a manner as to enable BXP to maintain its qualification as a REIT, unless, due to changes in circumstances or to the Code, the Board of Directors of BXP determines that it is no longer in the best interest of BXP to qualify as a REIT. We may make loans to third parties, including, without limitation, to joint ventures in which we participate or in connection with the disposition of a property. We intend to make investments in such a way that we will not be treated as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Our policies with respect to these and other activities may be reviewed and modified or amended from time to time by the Board of Directors of BXP. Governmental Regulations General Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to our business, which include, among others, (1) federal securities laws and regulations, (2) applicable stock exchange requirements, and (3) federal, state and local laws and regulations related to (a) our status as a REIT and other tax laws and regulations, and (b) real property, the improvements thereon and the operation thereof, such as laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety, zoning, usage, building, fire and life safety codes, (4) the requirements of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury and (5) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. In addition to the discussion below, see Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of these governmental regulations and other material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, and see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations together with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes included therein, for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings. Environmental Matters It is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with our acquisition of properties. These pre-purchase environmental assessments have not revealed environmental conditions that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and we are not otherwise aware of environmental 15 Table of Contents conditions with respect to our properties that we believe would have such a material adverse effect. However, from time to time environmental conditions at our properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or regulatory filings, as well as remedial action. For example, in February 1999, we (through a joint venture) acquired from Exxon Corporation a property in Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. We developed an office park on the property. We engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction. Under the property acquisition agreement, Exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify us for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions. Any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses and contractual limitations, including time limits and limits on the specific use of the property, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid under the indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges. Environmental investigations at some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates have identified groundwater contamination migrating from off-site source properties. In each case we engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments, and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities. In each case the environmental consultant concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site. We also believe that these properties qualify for liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases. Although we believe that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility for some or all of the costs of addressing the identified groundwater contamination, we will take such further response actions (if any) that we deem necessary or advisable. Other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional response actions are anticipated at this time. Some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates are located in urban, industrial and other previously developed areas where fill or current or historical use of the areas have caused site contamination. Accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or include particular building design features in connection with development, construction and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an appropriate manner. In these situations, it is our practice to investigate the nature and extent of detected contamination, including potential issues associated with vapor intrusion concerns and/or potential contaminant migration to or from the subject property in ground water, assess potential liability risks and estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures. We then use this information as part of our decision-making process with respect to the acquisition, deal structure and/or development of the property. For example, we own a parcel in Massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility. Pre-purchase testing indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of certain contaminants. We have developed an office park on this property. Prior to and during redevelopment activities, we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor environmental conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk characterization. A submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at this site. The submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in accordance with applicable laws. We expect that resolution of the environmental matters described above will not have a material impact on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, we cannot assure you that we have identified all environmental liabilities at our properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties, that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, or that we will have insurance coverage in the event that such environmental liabilities arise. 16 Table of Contents Corporate Governance BXP is currently governed by an eleven-member Board of Directors. The current members of the Board of Directors of BXP are Bruce W. Duncan, Diane J. Hoskins, Mary E. Kipp, Joel I. Klein, Douglas T. Linde, Matthew J. Lustig, Timothy J. Naughton, Julie G. Richardson, Owen D. Thomas, William H. Walton III, and Derek A. (Tony) West. All directors of BXP s Board of Directors stand for election for one-year terms expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders. Owen D. Thomas currently serves as the Chairman of BXP s Board of Directors and Joel I. Klein serves as its Lead Independent Director. The Board of Directors of BXP also has Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committees. The membership of each of these committees is set forth below. Audit Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Sustainability Bruce W. Duncan X (1) X X Diane J. Hoskins X X (1) Mary E. Kipp X X Joel I. Klein (2) Douglas T. Linde X Matthew J. Lustig X (1) X Timothy J. Naughton X (1) X Julie G. Richardson X Owen D. Thomas (3) X William H. Walton III X Derek A. (Tony) West X X=Committee member, (1)=Committee Chair, (2)=Lead Independent Director, (3)=Chairman of BXP s Board of Directors BXP has the following corporate governance documents and procedures in place: The Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of its Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. A copy of each of these charters is available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading Investors and subheading Governance. The Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading Investors and subheading Governance with the n ame Governance Guidelines. The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which governs business decisions made and actions taken by BXP s directors, officers and employees. A copy of this code is available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading Investors and subheading Governance with the n ame Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. BXP intends to disclose on this website any amendment to, or waiver of, any provisions of this Code applicable to the directors and executive officers of BXP that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange. The Board of Directors has established an ethics reporting system that employees may use to anonymously report possible violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, by telephone or over the internet. The Board of Directors has adopted a Policy on Political Spending, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading Investors and the subheading Governance with the name Policy on Political Spending. We disclose all political spending on our website and update such disclosures biannually. 17 Table of Contents Competition We compete in the leasing of premier workplace, retail and residential space with a considerable number of other real estate companies, some of which may have greater marketing and financial resources than are available to us. In addition, our hotel property competes for guests with other hotels, some of which may have greater marketing and financial resources than are available to us and to the manager of our one hotel, Marriott International, Inc. Principal factors of competition in our primary business of owning, acquiring and developing premier workplaces are the quality of properties, leasing terms (including rent and other charges and allowances for tenant improvements), attractiveness and convenience of location, the quality and breadth of client services and amenities provided, and reputation as an owner and operator of premier workplaces in the relevant market. Additionally, our ability to compete depends upon, among other factors, trends in the national and local economies, investment alternatives, financial condition and operating results of current and prospective clients, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, taxes, utilities, governmental regulations, legislation and population trends. In addition, at December 31, 2025, we had seven residential properties (including three under construction) and may in the future decide to acquire or develop additional residential properties. As an owner, we will also face competition for prospective residents from other operators/owners whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Because the scale of our residential portfolio is relatively small, we expect to continue to retain third parties to manage our residential properties. Our Hotel Property We operate our hotel property through a taxable REIT subsidiary. The taxable REIT subsidiary, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BPLP, is the lessee pursuant to a lease for the hotel property. As lessor, BPLP is entitled to a percentage of gross receipts from the hotel property. The hotel lease is intended to provide the economic benefits of ownership of the underlying real estate to flow to us as rental income, while our taxable REIT subsidiary earns the profit or loss from operating the property as a hotel. Marriott International, Inc. continues to manage the hotel property under the Marriott name and under terms of the existing management agreements. Marriott has been engaged under a separate long-term incentive management agreement to operate and manage the hotel on behalf of the taxable REIT subsidiary. Supplemental United States Federal Income Tax Considerations The following discussion supplements and updates the disclosures under the heading United States Federal Income Tax Considerations in the prospectus dated May 17, 2023, contained in our Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-272012, 333-272012-01) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2023 (the Existing Tax Disclosure ). Capitalized terms herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as when used in the Existing Tax Disclosure. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBB ), was enacted. The OBBB makes major changes to the Code, including some provisions of the Code that affect the taxation of REITs and their investors. In particular, For taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2026, the OBBB relaxed the REIT asset test requirement with respect to taxable REIT subsidiaries, providing that not more than 25% (relaxed from 20%) of the gross value of a REIT s assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. The OBBB permanently extended the pass-through qualified business income deduction, generally allowing individuals to deduct 20% of the aggregate amount of ordinary REIT dividends distributed by a REIT. This deduction was due to expire for tax years beginning after December 31, 2025. The OBBB provides that the highest individual marginal tax rate will not revert from 37% to 39.6% for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. The 37% rate is made permanent. 18 Table of Contents To the extent the information set forth in the Existing Tax Disclosure is inconsistent with this supplemental information, this supplemental information supersedes the information in the Existing Tax Disclosure. This supplemental information is provided on the same basis and subject to the same qualifications as are set forth in the first four paragraphs of the Existing Tax Disclosure as if those paragraphs were set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and they should be carefully considered. Throughout this section, we refer to the equity and debt securities of both BXP and BPLP as our securities, and the investors who own securities of BXP, BPLP or both, as our securityholders. These risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 52 . Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our performance depends upon the economic conditions, particularly the supply and demand characteristics, of our markets Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. Substantially all of our revenue is derived from properties located in six markets: Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. A downturn in the economies of these markets, or the impact that a downturn in the overall national economy may have upon these economies, could result in reduced demand for office space and/or a reduction in rents. Because our portfolio consists primarily of premier workplace buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio), a decrease in demand for workplaces in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, there are submarkets within our markets that are dependent upon a limited number of industries. For example, in our Washington, DC market, we focus on leasing our properties to governmental contractors and legal firms. In our West Coast markets, our leasing is focused on clients in the technology and media industries, as well as legal firms. In addition, in our New York market, we have historically leased properties to financial, legal and other professional firms. A reduction in spending by the Federal Government, sustained changes in space utilization due to remote work models and/or changes from workforce reductions due to artificial intelligence, and/or a significant downturn in one or more of the foregoing sectors have resulted in, and could continue to result in, reduced demand for office space and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, a significant economic downturn over a period of time could result in an event or change in circumstances that results in an impairment of a long-lived asset or an other than temporary impairment in the value of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. For the year ended December 31, 2025, BXP and BPLP recognized impairments of long-lived assets of approximately $85.8 million and $82.9 million, respectively, and one of our investments in an unconsolidated joint venture recognized an other than temporary impairment of approximately $145.1 million. For additional information on these impairments, see Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Any future impairments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. Market and economic volatility due to adverse economic and political conditions, health crises or dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and/or distributions. Our business may be adversely affected by market and economic volatility experienced by the U.S. and global economies, the real estate industry as a whole and/or the local economic conditions in the markets in which our properties are located. Such adverse economic and political conditions may include, among other issues, inflation, elevated interest rates, policy changes, prolonged labor market challenges impacting the recruitment and retention of talent, volatility in the public equity and debt markets, and international economic and other conditions, including pandemics, geopolitical instability and other conditions beyond our control. These current conditions, or similar conditions existing in the future, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and distributions as a result of the following, among other potential consequences: 19 Table of Contents federal policy changes, such as the implementation of tariffs that have resulted in, and may continue to result in, global supply chain disruptions and/or sustained inflation, could negatively impact interest rates, potential changes to U.S. federal tax laws and budgetary changes related to government leases; the financial condition of our clients may be adversely affected, which may result in client defaults under leases due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, lack of funding, operational failures or for other reasons; significant job losses and/or a sustained shift away from collective in-person work environments or relocations away from the markets in which we operate may occur, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces in the regions in which we operate and cause market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; our inability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense; reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a deterioration of the financial condition of the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or assets in which we have made short-term investments, a dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other factors; one or more lenders under our line of credit could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or could fail, and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all; and one or more counterparties to our derivative financial instruments could default on their obligations to us, or could fail, increasing the risk that we may not realize the benefits of these instruments. For example, in connection with our offering of 2.00% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2030 in September 2025, we entered into capped call transactions with certain option counterparties. The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Further, global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of certain financial institutions and could adversely impact the option counterparties performance under the capped call transactions. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. We depend on the efforts of key personnel, particularly Owen D. Thomas, Chief Executive Officer, Douglas T. Linde, President and Michael E. LaBelle, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer. Among the reasons that Messrs. Thomas, Linde and LaBelle are important to our success is that each has a national reputation, which attracts business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with lenders, joint venture partners and other investors. If we lost their services, our relationships with lenders, potential clients and industry personnel could diminish. Our Regional Managers also have strong reputations. Their reputations aid us in identifying opportunities, having opportunities brought to us, and negotiating with clients and build-to-suit prospects. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services could materially and adversely affect our operations because of diminished relationships with lenders, prospective clients and industry personnel. Risks Related to Real Estate Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry. Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently the value of our securities, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our 20 Table of Contents securityholders will be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the income generated by our properties: downturns in the national, regional and local economic conditions (particularly increases in unemployment); sustained changes in client preferences and space utilization from full-time, collective in-person work environments to hybrid or remote work models and/or changes from workforce reductions due to artificial intelligence, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces and negatively impact market rental rates and property values; competition from other office, life sciences, hotel, retail and residential buildings; local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for office, life sciences, hotel, retail or residential space; changes in interest rates and availability of financing; vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space; delays in completion of development and redevelopment projects due to supply chain disruptions and labor shortages; increased costs to maintain, renovate and develop our properties related to inflation; increased operating costs, including insurance expense, utilities, real estate taxes, state and local taxes and heightened security costs; civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters or terrorist acts or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses or decrease the desirability of our properties to our clients in impacted locations; significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt service payments, real estate taxes (including reassessments and changes in tax laws), insurance and maintenance costs which are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from a property; declines in the financial condition of our clients and our ability to collect rents from our clients; and decreases in the underlying value of our real estate. We face potential adverse effects from major clients bankruptcies or insolvencies. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major client may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. Our clients could file for bankruptcy protection or become insolvent in the future. We cannot evict a client solely because of its bankruptcy. On the other hand, a bankrupt client may reject and terminate its lease with us. In such case, our claim against the bankrupt client for unpaid and future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and, even so, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. This shortfall could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. Our properties face significant competition. We face significant competition from developers, owners and managers of office, life sciences and residential properties and other commercial real estate, including sublease space available from our clients. Substantially all of our properties face competition from similar properties in the same market. This competition may affect our ability to attract and retain clients and may reduce the rents we are able to charge. These competing properties may have vacancy rates higher than our properties, which may result in their owners being willing to lease available space at lower rates than the space in our properties. We face potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space. We derive most of our income from rent received from our clients. If a client experiences a downturn in its business or other types of financial distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments. Also, when our clients decide not to renew their leases, renew for less space or terminate early, we may not be able to re-let the space or there could be a substantial delay in re-letting the space. Even if clients decide to renew or lease new 21 Table of Contents space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to clients, may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. As a result, our cash flow could decrease and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders could be adversely affected. Our actual costs to develop properties may exceed our budgeted costs. We intend to continue to develop and substantially renovate office, life sciences, retail and residential properties. Our current and future development and construction activities may be exposed to the following risks: we may be unable to proceed with the development of properties because we cannot obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; we may incur construction costs for a development project that exceed our original estimates due to increased materials, labor, leasing or other costs, increases in interest rates, or supply chain disruptions, any of which could make completion of the project less profitable because market rents may not increase sufficiently to compensate for the increase in construction costs; we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, required zoning, land-use, building, occupancy, and other governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project; we may abandon development opportunities after we begin to explore them and, as a result, we may lose deposits or fail to recover expenses already incurred; we may expend funds on and devote management s time to projects that we do not complete; we may be unable to complete construction and/or leasing of a property on schedule or at all; and we may suspend development projects after construction has begun due to changes in economic conditions or other factors, and this may result in the write-off of costs, payment of additional costs or increases in overall costs when the development project is restarted. Investment returns from our developed properties may be less than anticipated. Our developed properties may be exposed to the following risks: we may lease developed properties at rental rates that are less than projected, or at a slower pace than projected, at the time we decide to undertake the development; operating expenses and construction costs may be greater than projected at the time of development, resulting in our investment being less profitable than we expected; and occupancy rates and rents at newly developed properties may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investments being less profitable than we expected or not profitable at all. We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial and residential properties. We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures with other parties that are known as mixed-use properties. For mixed-use developments, this means that in addition to the development of office space, the project may also include space for residential, retail, hotel or other commercial purposes. We are also developing, and may in the future develop, residential buildings. We have less experience in developing and managing non-office and non-retail real estate than we do with office real estate. As a result, if a development project includes a non-office or non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience in that use or we may seek to partner with such a developer. If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of non-office and non-retail real estate. In addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected. These include the risk that the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves (including providing any necessary financing). In the case of residential properties, these risks include competition 22 Table of Contents for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Because we have less experience with residential properties than with office and retail properties, we retain third parties to manage our residential properties. When we hire a third-party manager, we are dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us and we may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us. Our use of joint ventures may limit our control over jointly owned investments and limit our flexibility to acquire other assets. In appropriate circumstances, we intend to acquire and recapitalize or develop, as applicable, properties in joint ventures with other parties. We currently have joint ventures that are and are not consolidated within our financial statements. Our participation in joint ventures subjects us to risks, including but not limited to, the following risks that: our joint venture partners may have different objectives than we have regarding the appropriate timing and terms of any sale or refinancing of a property, its operation or, if applicable, the commencement of development activities, and a dispute with any of our joint venture partners could lead to the sale of a partner s ownership interest in the venture or the property at a time or price that we do not find attractive; some of our joint ventures are subject to debt and, depending on credit market conditions, the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls; our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with REIT requirements; our joint venture partners may have competing interests i