=== BXP_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and they should be carefully considered. Throughout this section, we refer to the equity and debt securities of both BXP and BPLP as our “securities,” and the investors who own securities of BXP, BPLP or both, as our “securityholders.” These risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 52 . Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our performance depends upon the economic conditions, particularly the supply and demand characteristics, of our markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. Substantially all of our revenue is derived from properties located in six markets: Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC. A downturn in the economies of these markets, or the impact that a downturn in the overall national economy may have upon these economies, could result in reduced demand for office space and/or a reduction in rents. Because our portfolio consists primarily of premier workplace buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio), a decrease in demand for workplaces in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, there are submarkets within our markets that are dependent upon a limited number of industries. For example, in our Washington, DC market, we focus on leasing our properties to governmental contractors and legal firms. In our West Coast markets, our leasing is focused on clients in the technology and media industries, as well as legal firms. In addition, in our New York market, we have historically leased properties to financial, legal and other professional firms. A reduction in spending by the Federal Government, sustained changes in space utilization due to remote work models and/or changes from workforce reductions due to artificial intelligence, and/or a significant downturn in one or more of the foregoing sectors have resulted in, and could continue to result in, reduced demand for office space and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, a significant economic downturn over a period of time could result in an event or change in circumstances that results in an impairment of a long-lived asset or an “other than temporary” impairment in the value of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. For the year ended December 31, 2025, BXP and BPLP recognized impairments of long-lived assets of approximately $85.8 million and $82.9 million, respectively, and one of our investments in an unconsolidated joint venture recognized an “other than temporary” impairment of approximately $145.1 million. For additional information on these impairments, see Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Any future impairments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. Market and economic volatility due to adverse economic and political conditions, health crises or dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and/or distributions. Our business may be adversely affected by market and economic volatility experienced by the U.S. and global economies, the real estate industry as a whole and/or the local economic conditions in the markets in which our properties are located. Such adverse economic and political conditions may include, among other issues, inflation, elevated interest rates, policy changes, prolonged labor market challenges impacting the recruitment and retention of talent, volatility in the public equity and debt markets, and international economic and other conditions, including pandemics, geopolitical instability and other conditions beyond our control. These current conditions, or similar conditions existing in the future, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and distributions as a result of the following, among other potential consequences: 19 Table of Contents • federal policy changes, such as the implementation of tariffs that have resulted in, and may continue to result in, global supply chain disruptions and/or sustained inflation, could negatively impact interest rates, potential changes to U.S. federal tax laws and budgetary changes related to government leases; • the financial condition of our clients may be adversely affected, which may result in client defaults under leases due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, lack of funding, operational failures or for other reasons; • significant job losses and/or a sustained shift away from collective in-person work environments or relocations away from the markets in which we operate may occur, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces in the regions in which we operate and cause market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; • our inability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense; • reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; • the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a deterioration of the financial condition of the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or assets in which we have made short-term investments, a dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other factors; • one or more lenders under our line of credit could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or could fail, and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all; and • one or more counterparties to our derivative financial instruments could default on their obligations to us, or could fail, increasing the risk that we may not realize the benefits of these instruments. For example, in connection with our offering of 2.00% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2030 in September 2025, we entered into capped call transactions with certain option counterparties. The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Further, global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of certain financial institutions and could adversely impact the option counterparties’ performance under the capped call transactions. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. We depend on the efforts of key personnel, particularly Owen D. Thomas, Chief Executive Officer, Douglas T. Linde, President and Michael E. LaBelle, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer. Among the reasons that Messrs. Thomas, Linde and LaBelle are important to our success is that each has a national reputation, which attracts business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with lenders, joint venture partners and other investors. If we lost their services, our relationships with lenders, potential clients and industry personnel could diminish. Our Regional Managers also have strong reputations. Their reputations aid us in identifying opportunities, having opportunities brought to us, and negotiating with clients and build-to-suit prospects. While we believe that we could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services could materially and adversely affect our operations because of diminished relationships with lenders, prospective clients and industry personnel. Risks Related to Real Estate Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry. Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently the value of our securities, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our 20 Table of Contents securityholders will be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the income generated by our properties: • downturns in the national, regional and local economic conditions (particularly increases in unemployment); • sustained changes in client preferences and space utilization from full-time, collective in-person work environments to hybrid or remote work models and/or changes from workforce reductions due to artificial intelligence, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces and negatively impact market rental rates and property values; • competition from other office, life sciences, hotel, retail and residential buildings; • local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for office, life sciences, hotel, retail or residential space; • changes in interest rates and availability of financing; • vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space; • delays in completion of development and redevelopment projects due to supply chain disruptions and labor shortages; • increased costs to maintain, renovate and develop our properties related to inflation; • increased operating costs, including insurance expense, utilities, real estate taxes, state and local taxes and heightened security costs; • civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters or terrorist acts or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses or decrease the desirability of our properties to our clients in impacted locations; • significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt service payments, real estate taxes (including reassessments and changes in tax laws), insurance and maintenance costs which are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from a property; • declines in the financial condition of our clients and our ability to collect rents from our clients; and • decreases in the underlying value of our real estate. We face potential adverse effects from major clients’ bankruptcies or insolvencies. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major client may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. Our clients could file for bankruptcy protection or become insolvent in the future. We cannot evict a client solely because of its bankruptcy. On the other hand, a bankrupt client may reject and terminate its lease with us. In such case, our claim against the bankrupt client for unpaid and future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and, even so, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. This shortfall could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. Our properties face significant competition. We face significant competition from developers, owners and managers of office, life sciences and residential properties and other commercial real estate, including sublease space available from our clients. Substantially all of our properties face competition from similar properties in the same market. This competition may affect our ability to attract and retain clients and may reduce the rents we are able to charge. These competing properties may have vacancy rates higher than our properties, which may result in their owners being willing to lease available space at lower rates than the space in our properties. We face potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space. We derive most of our income from rent received from our clients. If a client experiences a downturn in its business or other types of financial distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments. Also, when our clients decide not to renew their leases, renew for less space or terminate early, we may not be able to re-let the space or there could be a substantial delay in re-letting the space. Even if clients decide to renew or lease new 21 Table of Contents space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to clients, may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. As a result, our cash flow could decrease and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders could be adversely affected. Our actual costs to develop properties may exceed our budgeted costs. We intend to continue to develop and substantially renovate office, life sciences, retail and residential properties. Our current and future development and construction activities may be exposed to the following risks: • we may be unable to proceed with the development of properties because we cannot obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; • we may incur construction costs for a development project that exceed our original estimates due to increased materials, labor, leasing or other costs, increases in interest rates, or supply chain disruptions, any of which could make completion of the project less profitable because market rents may not increase sufficiently to compensate for the increase in construction costs; • we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, required zoning, land-use, building, occupancy, and other governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project; • we may abandon development opportunities after we begin to explore them and, as a result, we may lose deposits or fail to recover expenses already incurred; • we may expend funds on and devote management’s time to projects that we do not complete; • we may be unable to complete construction and/or leasing of a property on schedule or at all; and • we may suspend development projects after construction has begun due to changes in economic conditions or other factors, and this may result in the write-off of costs, payment of additional costs or increases in overall costs when the development project is restarted. Investment returns from our developed properties may be less than anticipated. Our developed properties may be exposed to the following risks: • we may lease developed properties at rental rates that are less than projected, or at a slower pace than projected, at the time we decide to undertake the development; • operating expenses and construction costs may be greater than projected at the time of development, resulting in our investment being less profitable than we expected; and • occupancy rates and rents at newly developed properties may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investments being less profitable than we expected or not profitable at all. We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial and residential properties. We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures with other parties that are known as “mixed-use” properties. For mixed-use developments, this means that in addition to the development of office space, the project may also include space for residential, retail, hotel or other commercial purposes. We are also developing, and may in the future develop, residential buildings. We have less experience in developing and managing non-office and non-retail real estate than we do with office real estate. As a result, if a development project includes a non-office or non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience in that use or we may seek to partner with such a developer. If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of non-office and non-retail real estate. In addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected. These include the risk that the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves (including providing any necessary financing). In the case of residential properties, these risks include competition 22 Table of Contents for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Because we have less experience with residential properties than with office and retail properties, we retain third parties to manage our residential properties. When we hire a third-party manager, we are dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us and we may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us. Our use of joint ventures may limit our control over jointly owned investments and limit our flexibility to acquire other assets. In appropriate circumstances, we intend to acquire and recapitalize or develop, as applicable, properties in joint ventures with other parties. We currently have joint ventures that are and are not consolidated within our financial statements. Our participation in joint ventures subjects us to risks, including but not limited to, the following risks that: • our joint venture partners may have different objectives than we have regarding the appropriate timing and terms of any sale or refinancing of a property, its operation or, if applicable, the commencement of development activities, and a dispute with any of our joint venture partners could lead to the sale of a partner’s ownership interest in the venture or the property at a time or price that we do not find attractive; • some of our joint ventures are subject to debt and, depending on credit market conditions, the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls; • our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with REIT requirements; • our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest; • our joint venture partners may default on their obligations, which could necessitate that we fulfill their obligations ourselves; • our joint ventures may be unable to repay any amounts that we may loan to them; • our joint venture agreements may contain provisions limiting the liquidity of our interest for sale or sale of the entire asset; • as the general partner or managing member of a joint venture, we could be generally liable under applicable law for the debts and obligations of the venture, and we may not be entitled to contribution or indemnification from our partners; • our joint venture agreements may contain provisions that allow our partners to remove us as the general partner or managing member for cause, and this could result in liability for us to our partners under the governing agreement of the joint venture; and • we may need our partner(s)’ approval to take certain actions and, therefore, we may be unable to cause a joint venture to implement decisions that we consider advisable. We face the risk that third parties will not be able to service or repay loans we make to them. From time to time, we have loaned and in the future may loan funds to (1) a third-party buyer to facilitate the sale of an asset by us to such third party, or (2) a third party in connection with the formation of a joint venture to acquire and/or develop a property. Making these loans subjects us to the following risks, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and/or financial condition: • the third party may be unable to make full and timely payments of interest and principal on the loan when due; • if the third-party buyer to whom we provide seller financing does not manage the property well, or the property otherwise fails to meet financial projections, performs poorly or declines in value, then the buyer 23 Table of Contents may not have the funds or ability to raise new debt with which to make required payments of interest and principal to us; • if we loan funds to a joint venture, and the joint venture is unable to make required payments of interest or principal, or both, or there are disagreements with respect to the repayment of the loan or other matters, then we could have a resulting dispute with our partner(s), and such a dispute could harm our relationship(s) with our partner(s) and cause delays in developing or selling the property or the failure to properly manage the property; and • if we loan funds to a joint venture and the joint venture is unable to make required payments of interest and principal, or both, then we may exercise remedies available to us in the joint venture agreement that could allow us to increase our ownership interest or our control over major decisions, or both, which could result in an unconsolidated joint venture becoming consolidated with our financial statement; doing so could require us to reallocate the purchase price among the various asset and liability components and this could result in material changes to our reported results of operations and financial condition. We face risks associated with property acquisitions. We have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: • even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, we may be unable to complete that acquisition after making a non-refundable deposit and incurring certain other acquisition-related costs; • we may be unable to obtain or assume financing for acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; • acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; • the actual costs of repositioning, redeveloping or maintaining acquired properties may be greater than our estimates; • the acquisition agreement will likely contain conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction or other conditions that are not within our control, which may not be satisfied; • acquired properties may be located in new markets, either within or outside the United States, where we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area, costs associated with opening a new regional office and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; • we may acquire real estate through the acquisition of the ownership entity subjecting us to the risks of that entity; and • we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We have acquired in the past and in the future may acquire properties through the acquisition of first mortgage or mezzanine debt. Investments in these loans must be carefully structured to ensure that BXP continues to satisfy the various asset and income requirements applicable to REITs. If we fail to properly structure any such acquisition, BXP could fail to qualify as a REIT. In addition, acquisitions of first mortgage or mezzanine loans subject us to the risks associated with the borrower’s default, including potential bankruptcy, and there may be significant delays and costs associated with the process of foreclosure on collateral securing or supporting these investments. There can be no assurance that we would recover any or all of our investment in the event of such a default or bankruptcy. We have acquired in the past and in the future may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP. Among other things, this acquisition structure has the effect of reducing the amount of tax depreciation we can deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and it typically requires that we agree to protect the contributors’ ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 24 Table of Contents Acquired properties may expose us to unknown liability. We may acquire properties or invest in joint ventures that own properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Unknown liabilities with respect to acquired properties might include: • liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination; • claims by clients, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties; • liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and • claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. Competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties. We plan to continue to acquire properties as we are presented with attractive opportunities. We may face competition for acquisition opportunities with other investors, and this competition may adversely affect us by subjecting us to the following risks: • we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real estate investors, including publicly traded and private REITs, institutional investment funds and other real estate investors; and • even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price. We may have difficulty selling our properties, which may limit our flexibility. Properties like the ones that we own could be difficult to sell due to adverse economic conditions, a lack of available buyers and other conditions outside of our control. This may limit our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions or to execute on our multi-year asset sales program. Any such inability to dispose of certain assets on the timelines we anticipate or on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, could negatively impact the proceeds we expect the multi-year asset sales program to generate, and accordingly, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, federal tax laws limit our ability to sell properties, which may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our securityholders and our ability to dispose of certain of our properties is further constrained by their tax attributes. Properties that we developed and have owned for a significant period of time or that we acquired through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP often have low tax bases. Furthermore, as a REIT, BXP may be subject to a 100% “prohibited transactions” tax on the gain from dispositions of property if BXP is deemed to hold the property primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, unless the disposition qualifies under a safe harbor exception for properties that have been held for at least two years and with respect to which certain other requirements are met. The potential application of the prohibited transactions tax could cause us to forego potential dispositions of property or other opportunities that might otherwise be attractive to us, or to undertake such dispositions or other opportunities through a taxable REIT subsidiary, which would 

=== BXP_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2—Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. BXP, Inc. (a) During the three months ended March 31, 2026, BXP issued an aggregate of 49,365 shares of common stock in exchange for 49,365 common units of limited partnership held by certain limited partners of BPLP. Of these shares, 37,016 shares were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. BXP relied on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) based upon factual representations received from the limited partner who received the shares of common stock. (b) Not Applicable. (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Period (a) Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Common Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs January 1, 2026 – January 31, 2026 19,957 (1) $ 66.99 N/A N/A February 1, 2026 – February 28, 2026 — $ — N/A N/A March 1, 2026 – March 31, 2026 — $ — N/A N/A Total 19,957 $ 66.99 N/A N/A ___________ (1) Represents shares of common stock of BXP surrendered by employees to BXP to satisfy such employees’ tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted common stock. Boston Properties Limited Partnership (a) Each time BXP issues shares of common stock (other than in exchange for common units when such common units are presented for redemption), it contributes the proceeds of such issuance to BPLP in return for an equivalent number of partnership units with rights and preferences analogous to the shares issued. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, in connection with issuances of common stock by BXP pursuant to issuances of restricted common stock to employees under the Boston Properties, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and purchases of common stock under the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, BPLP issued an aggregate of approximately 98,256 common units to BXP in exchange for approximately $0.4 million, the aggregate proceeds of such common stock issuances to BXP. Such units were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (b) Not Applicable. (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 71 Table of Contents Period (a) Total Number of Units Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Unit (c) Total Number of Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Units that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1, 2026 – January 31, 2026 19,957 (1) $ 66.99 N/A N/A February 1, 2026 – February 28, 2026 168,717 (2) $ 0.25 N/A N/A March 1, 2026 – March 31, 2026 — $ — N/A N/A Total 188,674 $ 7.31 N/A N/A ___________ (1) Represents common units previously held by BXP that were redeemed in connection with the surrender of shares of restricted common stock of BXP by employees to BXP to satisfy such employees’ tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted common stock. (2) Represents 2023 MYLTIP units. The measurement period for the 2023 MYLTIP units ended on February 6, 2026 and BXP’s total return to stockholders was sufficient for employees to earn and therefore become eligible to vest in a portion of the 2023 MYLTIP units. Under the terms of the applicable 2023 MYLTIP award agreements, the 168,717 unearned 2023 MYLTIP units were repurchased at a price of $0.25 per unit, which was the amount originally paid by each employee for the units. ITEM 3—Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. ITEM 4—Mine Safety Disclosures . Not Applicable. ITEM 5—Other Information. (a) None. (b) None. (c) During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted, terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 72 Table of Contents ITEM 6—Exhibits. (a) Exhibits 10.1 — BXP, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on February 27, 2026.) 10.2 — BXP Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2026. (Filed herewith.) 31.1 — Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for BXP, Inc. (Filed herewith.) 31.2 — Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for BXP, Inc. (Filed herewith.) 31.3 — Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Filed herewith.) 31.4 — Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Filed herewith.) 32.1 — Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 for BXP, Inc. (Furnished herewith.) 32.2 — Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 for BXP, Inc. (Furnished herewith.) 32.3 — Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 for Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Furnished herewith.) 32.4 — Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 for Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Furnished herewith.) 101.SCH — Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. (Filed herewith.) 101.CAL — Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.) 101.LAB — Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.) 101.PRE — Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.) 101.DEF — Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.) 104 — Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.*). (Filed herewith.) 73 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BXP, INC. May 7, 2026 /s/ M ICHAEL R. W ALSH Michael R. Walsh Chief Accounting Officer (duly authorized officer and principal accounting officer) 74 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: BXP, Inc., its General Partner May 7, 2026 /s/ M ICHAEL R. W ALSH Michael R. Walsh Chief Accounting Officer (duly authorized officer and principal accounting officer) 75 