=== GILD_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Words such as ambition, anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, hope, intend, may, might, outlook, plan, priority, project, seek, should, target and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding overall trends; operating cost, product sales and revenue trends; liquidity and capital needs; plans and expectations with respect to products, product candidates, corporate strategy and 2026 objectives, business and operations, financial projections, strategic investments and the use of capital; expectations regarding the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act and the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, changes in U.S. regulatory policies, changes in U.S. trade policies, including tariffs, and U.S. government shutdowns; collaboration and licensing arrangements; patent protection and estimated loss of exclusivity for our products and product candidates; ongoing litigation and investigation matters; and other statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those suggested by these forward-looking statements for various reasons, including those identified in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof unless otherwise specified. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, we do not undertake, and specifically decline, any obligation to update any of these statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the risks described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the risks contained herein could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Gilead Sciences, Inc. (including its consolidated subsidiaries, referred to as Gilead, the company, we, our or us ) is a biopharmaceutical company that has pursued and achieved breakthroughs in medicine for more than three decades, with the goal of creating a healthier world for all people. We are committed to advancing innovative medicines to prevent and treat life-threatening diseases, including HIV, viral hepatitis, COVID-19 and cancer. We operate in more than 35 countries worldwide, with headquarters in Foster City, California. Our Business Products We have transformed care for people around the world by discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines to address unmet medical needs in virology, oncology and other therapeutic areas. Our innovative medicines represent advancements by offering first-in-class therapies, greater efficacy, enhanced modes of delivery, more convenient treatment and prevention regimens, improved resistance profiles and reduced side effects. In 2025, our commercial portfolio included more than 25 therapies, including the following products and collaboration products with approved indications in the U.S.: HIV Biktarvy is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Biktarvy is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, bictegravir, emtricitabine ( FTC ) and tenofovir alafenamide ( TAF ). Descovy is an oral formulation indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Descovy is a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, FTC and TAF. Descovy is also approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for a pre-exposure prophylaxis ( PrEP ) indication to reduce the risk of sexually acquired HIV-1 infection in certain at-risk patients. Genvoya is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Genvoya is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, elvitegravir, cobicistat, FTC and TAF. Odefsey is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Odefsey is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, FTC and TAF, and rilpivirine marketed by Janssen Products, LP of Johnson Johnson Innovative Medicine ( Janssen ). Sunlenca is an HIV-1 capsid inhibitor in tablet form for oral use and as an injection for subcutaneous use. Sunlenca, in combination with other antiretroviral(s), is indicated as a twice-yearly treatment of HIV-1 infection in heavily treatment-experienced adults with multidrug resistant HIV-1 infection failing their current antiretroviral regimen due to resistance, intolerance or safety considerations. Symtuza is an oral formulation dosed once a day for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in certain patients. Symtuza is a single-tablet regimen of a fixed-dose combination of our antiretroviral medications, cobicistat, FTC and TAF, and Janssen s darunavir. Symtuza is commercialized by Janssen, and we receive a share in revenue for the components that we contribute. See Note 7. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Yeztugo is an HIV-1 capsid inhibitor in tablet form for oral use and as an injection for subcutaneous use. Yeztugo is indicated for PrEP to reduce the risk of sexually acquired HIV-1 in certain adults and adolescents who are at risk for HIV-1 acquisition. Liver Disease Epclusa is an oral formulation of a once-daily single-tablet regimen of sofosbuvir and velpatasvir for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) infection in adults and pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6: (i) without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis or (ii) with decompensated cirrhosis for use in combination with ribavirin. In addition, we have an authorized generic version of Epclusa distributed by our separate subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics LLC. Livdelzi (seladelpar) is an oral formulation of a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta agonist indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis ( PBC ) in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid ( UDCA ) in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA, or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA. (1) 3 Vemlidy is an oral formulation of TAF dosed once a day for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) infection in adults and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with compensated liver disease. Oncology Tecartus (brexucabtagene autoleucel), a suspension for intravenous infusion, is a chimeric antigen receptor ( CAR ) T-cell therapy for the treatment of adult patients with (i) relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma ( MCL ) (1) and (ii) relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( ALL ). Trodelvy (sacituzumab govitecan-hziy), an injection for intravenous use, is a Trop-2 directed antibody and topoisomerase inhibitor conjugate indicated for the treatment of adult patients with (i) unresectable locally advanced or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer ( TNBC ) who have received two or more prior systemic therapies, at least one of them for metastatic disease, and (ii) unresectable locally advanced or metastatic hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative ( HR+/HER2- ) breast cancer who have received endocrine-based therapy and at least two additional systemic therapies in the metastatic setting. Yescarta (axicabtagene ciloleucel), a suspension for intravenous infusion, is a CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of adult patients with (i) large B-cell lymphoma ( LBCL ) that is refractory to first-line chemoimmunotherapy or that relapses within 12 months of first-line chemoimmunotherapy, (ii) relapsed or refractory LBCL after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including diffuse LBCL ( DLBCL ) not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal LBCL, high-grade B-cell lymphoma and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma ( FL ) and (iii) relapsed or refractory FL after two or more lines of systemic therapy (1) . Other AmBisome (amphotericin B liposome for injection) is a proprietary liposomal formulation of amphotericin B, an antifungal agent, for the treatment of serious invasive fungal infections caused by various fungal species in adults. Veklury (remdesivir), an injection for intravenous use, is a nucleotide analog RNA polymerase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of COVID-19 in certain adults and pediatric patients (28 days of age and older and weighing at least 3 kg) who are (i) hospitalized or (ii) not hospitalized and have mild-to-moderate COVID-19, and are at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, including hospitalization or death. _______________________________ (1) This indication is approved under accelerated approval by FDA, and continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. For the disaggregated revenue amounts contributed by the products listed above as well as the total product sales that include our other approved products, see Note 2. Revenues of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Royalty, Contract and Other Revenues We also generate revenues from other activities, including royalties for outbound licenses of our intellectual property, sales of certain intellectual property and other payments received from our collaborations with third-party partners. Commercialization and Distribution We have U.S. and international commercial sales operations, with marketing subsidiaries in more than 35 countries. Our products are marketed through our commercial teams and/or in conjunction with third-party wholesalers, distributors and corporate partners. Our commercial teams promote our products through direct field contact with physicians, hospitals, clinics and other healthcare providers. We generally grant our third-party distributors the exclusive right to promote our product in a territory for a specified period of time. Most of our agreements with these distributors provide for collaborative efforts between the distributor and Gilead in obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval for the product in the specified territory. We sell and distribute most of our products in the U.S. exclusively through the wholesale channel. Historically, approximately 90% of our gross product sales in the U.S. have been to three large wholesalers Cardinal Health, Inc., Cencora, Inc. and McKesson Corporation and their specialty distributor affiliates. We sell and distribute our products in Europe and countries outside the U.S. where the product is approved, either through our commercial teams, third-party distributors or corporate partners. 4 Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with other commercially available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. We also face significant competition from: (i) large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies to pursue the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs; (ii) academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research who may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs; (iii) pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers as our products mature, which often result in a reduction of our net product prices; and (iv) new branded or generic products introduced into major markets, which may impact our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Research and Development Our research and development ( R D ) mission is to discover and develop transformational therapies in areas of high unmet medical need. Our product development efforts are focused primarily on virology, oncology and inflammation. Our team of research scientists is engaged in the discovery and development of new molecules and technologies that we hope will lead to the approval of innovative medicines and therapies that will transform care for people around the world. We have committed significant resources to internal R D opportunities and external business development activity to drive innovation and growth of our business. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of start-up activities in-house. We rely on third-party contract research organizations to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring, site management and bioanalysis. The development of product candidates and investigational therapies in our pipeline is subject to various risks and uncertainties that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates. For more information about these risks and uncertainties, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption. Drug development is inherently risky, and many product candidates and investigational therapies fail during the development process. In 2025, we continued to invest in and advance our R D pipeline across our therapeutic areas. Below is a summary of our product candidates that are in Phase 3 clinical trials or pending marketing authorization review by FDA or European Medicines Agency ( EMA ). Product Candidates in Virology Product Candidates Description Regulatory Filings Bulevirtide A Biologics License Application has been filed with FDA for bulevirtide for the treatment of chronic hepatitis delta virus ( HDV ) infection. It has been granted both Orphan Drug and Breakthrough Therapy designations by FDA for this indication. Phase 3 Lenacapavir A once-yearly injection of lenacapavir, an HIV-1 capsid inhibitor, is being evaluated for HIV PrEP. Bictegravir and lenacapavir An oral combination of bictegravir and lenacapavir is being evaluated as an HIV treatment for virologically suppressed treatment-experienced and virologically suppressed people living with HIV. Islatravir and lenacapavir In collaboration with Merck Co., Inc. ( Merck ) (1) , an oral combination of Merck s islatravir and lenacapavir is being evaluated as a long-acting HIV treatment for virologically suppressed people living with HIV. 5 Product Candidates in Oncology Product Candidates Description Regulatory Filings Anitocabtagene autoleucel In collaboration with Arcellx, Inc. ( Arcellx ) (1) , a Biologics License Application has been filed with FDA for anitocabtagene autoleucel, a CAR T-cell therapy, for the treatment of patients with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior regimens of systemic therapy. Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy A supplemental Biologics License Application has been filed with FDA for sacituzumab govitecan-hziy, a Trop-2 directed antibody and topoisomerase inhibitor conjugate, as a first-line treatment for PD-L1 negative metastatic TNBC. Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy and pembrolizumab In collaboration with Merck (1) , a supplemental Biologics License Application has been filed with FDA for sacituzumab govitecan-hziy in combination with Merck s pembrolizumab as a first-line treatment for PD-L1 positive metastatic TNBC. Phase 3 Axicabtagene ciloleucel Axicabtagene ciloleucel, a CAR T-cell therapy, is being evaluated as (i) a second-line and later treatment for high-risk FL and (ii) a first-line treatment for high-risk LBCL. Anitocabtagene autoleucel In collaboration with Arcellx (1) , anitocabtagene autoleucel is being evaluated in patients with relapsed and/or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior lines of therapy. Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy and combinations In breast cancer, sacituzumab govitecan-hziy is being evaluated in combination with Merck s pembrolizumab as a treatment for high-risk adjuvant TNBC. In lung and thoracic cancer, sacituzumab govitecan-hziy is being evaluated as a treatment for extensive stage small cell lung cancer. It is also being evaluated in combination with Merck s pembrolizumab as a first-line treatment for PD-L1 positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ). In gynecology, sacituzumab govitecan-hziy is being evaluated as a second-line treatment for metastatic endometrial cancer. Domvanalimab and zimberelimab In collaboration with Arcus Biosciences, Inc. ( Arcus ) (1) , the combination of domvanalimab, an Fc-silent anti-TIGIT antibody, and zimberelimab, an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, with chemotherapy, is being evaluated as a first-line treatment for metastatic NSCLC. _______________________________ (1) For additional information regarding our collaborations with Merck, Arcellx and Arcus, see Note 7. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In 2025, we also received regulatory approvals or authorizations from FDA and European Commission for new products and expanded indications of our products, including: Product Regulatory Approval or Authorization Yeztugo/Yeytuo FDA granted approval for Yeztugo for PrEP to reduce the risk of sexually acquired HIV-1 infection in adults and adolescents weighing at least 35kg, making it the first and only twice-yearly option available in the United States for people who need or want PrEP. European Commission also granted marketing authorization for Yeytuo for use as PrEP to reduce the risk of sexually acquired HIV-1 in adults and adolescents with increased HIV-1 infection risk who weigh at least 35kg. Lyvdelzi European Commission granted conditional marketing authorization for Lyvdelzi for the treatment of PBC in combination with UDCA in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA alone, or as monotherapy in those unable to tolerate UDCA. In addition, we seek to enhance our commercial portfolio and clinical pipeline across multiple therapeutic areas through strategic collaborations, in-licensing and acquisitions. For information on some of our notable recent transactions, see Notes 6. Acquisitions and 7. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our strategic business development activity reflects our commitment to focus on transformative science, build a sustainable and diverse portfolio and position ourselves for the near-, medium- and long-term growth of our business. 6 Patents and Proprietary Rights U.S. and EU Patent Expiration We have a number of U.S. and foreign patents, patent applications and rights to patents related to our compounds, products and technology. The following table shows the estimated expiration dates (including patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates and/or pediatric exclusivity where granted) in the U.S. and the European Union ( EU ) for the primary (typically compound) patents for our key product candidates as described above. For our product candidates that are fixed-dose combinations of single-tablet regimens, the estimated patent expiration date provided corresponds to the latest expiring compound patent for one of the active ingredients in the single-tablet regimen. Key Product Candidates Patent Expiration U.S. EU Viral Diseases: Lenacapavir 2037 2037 Bulevirtide 2030 2029 Oncology: Axicabtagene ciloleucel 2031 (1) Anitocabtagene autoleucel (2) 2038 (2038) (3) Sacituzumab govitecan-hziy 2028 (4) 2029 Zimberelimab (5) 2036 2036 Domvanalimab (5) 2037 (2037) (3) _______________________________ (1) The composition of matter patent has expired in the EU. In the EU and the U.S., patent applications are pending relating to our proprietary manufacturing processes. (2) In collaboration with Arcellx. (3) Dates in parentheses reflect the estimated expiration date of patents that may be issued from currently pending applications. (4) Regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. expires in 2032. (5) In collaboration with Arcus. 7 The following table shows the actual or estimated expiration dates (including patent term extensions, supplementary protection certificates and/or pediatric exclusivity where granted) in the U.S. and the EU for the primary (typically compound) patents for certain principal products as described above. For our products that are fixed-dose combinations or single-tablet regimens, the estimated patent expiration dates provided correspond to the latest expiring compound patent for one of the active ingredients in the single-tablet regimen. Products Patent Expiration (1) U.S. EU Descovy 2031 (2) 2027 Vemlidy 2031 (2) 2027 Odefsey 2032 (2) 2027 Yescarta 2031 (3) Genvoya 2029 (4), (5) 2028 Epclusa 2033 2032 Biktarvy 2036 (6) 2033 Veklury 2036 (7) 2035 Tecartus 2027 (3) Trodelvy 2028 (8) 2029 Sunlenca 2037 2037 Livdelzi 2025 (9) (10) Yeztugo/Yeytuo 2037 2037 _______________________________ (1) Where applicable, settlement and license agreements with generic manufacturers relating to the patents that protect our principal products are noted. The nature and timing of loss of exclusivity for these products depends on a multitude of factors, and loss of exclusivity may be earlier under certain circumstances. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. (2) In September 2022, Gilead and five generic manufacturers (Lupin Ltd., Apotex Inc., Macleods Pharma Ltd., Hetero Labs Ltd., and Cipla Ltd.) reached agreements to settle the U.S. patent litigation concerning patents that protect TAF in our Descovy, Vemlidy and Odefsey products. (3) The composition of matter patent has expired in the EU. In the EU and the U.S., patent applications are pending relating to our proprietary manufacturing processes. (4) In 2018, Gilead and Mylan Pharmaceuticals reached an agreement to settle the patent litigation concerning patents that protect cobicistat in our Stribild and Genvoya products. (5) In February 2025, Gilead reached an agreement with one generic manufacturer (Apotex, Inc., together with Apotex Corp., and its manufacturer of cobicistat, MSN Laboratories Private Limited, MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd., and MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.) to settle the patent litigation concerning certain patents that protect cobicistat on silicon dioxide and TAF in our Genvoya product. The Apotex/MSN agreement provides a non-exclusive license to those patents beginning on August 6, 2032, or earlier in certain circumstances. (6) In October 2025, Gilead entered into settlement agreements to resolve patent litigations with Lupin Ltd., Cipla Ltd. and Laurus Labs Ltd., generic manufacturers that filed abbreviated new drug applications with FDA to market generic versions of Biktarvy. Under the agreements, which are subject to standard acceleration provisions, no generic entry is expected prior to April 1, 2036 in the U.S. for Biktarvy tablets containing bictegravir (50 mg), FTC (200 mg) and TAF (25 mg). (7) In January 2024, FDA granted pediatric exclusivity for Veklury, which extends all non-expired exclusivities by six months, and which is reflected in the presently reported date. (8) Regulatory exclusivity in the U.S. expires in 2032. (9) FDA Orphan Drug Exclusivity expires in 2031. (10) Ten years of regulatory/market exclusivity expected on approval. Patent and Trade Secret Strategy For a discussion of risks and challenges associated with our patent and trade secret strategy described below, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties. Patents Patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. If we have a properly drafted and enforceable patent, it can be more difficult for our competitors to use our technology to create competitive products and more difficult for our competitors to obtain a patent that prevents us from using technology we create. As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology. Patents covering certain of the active pharmaceutical ingredients ( API ) of some of our products are held by third parties. We acquired exclusive rights to these patents in the agreements we have with these parties. 8 We often obtain patents for certain products many years before marketing approval is obtained. As a result, the commercial value of the patent may be limited because the patent term is based on the date the patent application was filed, which may be prior to the regulatory approval and commercial sale of the related product. However, we also apply for patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates in some countries. For example, extensions for the patents or supplementary protection certificates on many of our products have been granted in the U.S. and in a number of European countries, compensating in part for delays in obtaining marketing approval. From time to time, certain individuals or entities may challenge our patents. For a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, see Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Trade Secrets We also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. For products manufactured by our third-party contract manufacturers, we have disclosed all necessary aspects of these technologies to enable them to manufacture the products for us. We protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with third-party manufacturers, corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to an individual during the course of their relationship with us will be kept confidential and will not be used or disclosed to third parties except in specified circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions made by an individual while employed by us will be our exclusive property. Raw Materials and Manufacturing We need access to certain raw materials to conduct our clinical trials and manufacture our products. These raw materials are generally available from multiple sources and normally available in quantities adequate to meet the needs of our business. We attempt to manage the risks associated with our supply chain through inventory management, relationship management and the evaluation of alternative sources when feasible. We own or lease manufacturing facilities to manufacture and distribute certain products and API for clinical and/or commercial uses. As of the end of 2025, these facilities include: Foster City, California: We conduct manufacturing process development, analytical method development and formulation and device development activities. We also manufacture and perform quality control testing for API and drug product for our clinical trials. La Verne, California: We manufacture AmBisome, perform quality control testing and package and label the majority of our commercial products for distribution to the Americas and the Pacific Rim. We also utilize the La Verne facility for clinical manufacturing of our sterile drug products. We have made investments in the La Verne facility to support the commercial manufacturing of sterile drug substances and other sterile drug products. Oceanside, California: We utilize the facility for clinical and commercial retroviral vector manufacturing and process development of our biologics candidates. El Segundo, California: We utilize the facility for clinical and commercial manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. Santa Monica, California: We utilize the facility for clinical manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. Frederick, Maryland: We utilize the facility for clinical and commercial manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. Cork and Dublin, Ireland: We utilize the Cork facility for commercial manufacturing, packaging and labeling of our products. We also perform quality control testing, labeling, packaging and final release of many of our products at the Cork facility, which are distributed to the EU and other international markets through our facility in Dublin. We have made investments in clinical drug product manufacturing at the Cork facility. Edmonton, Canada: We conduct process development, analytical development and scale-up activities for our clinical development candidates, manufacture and quality control test API for clinical and commercial products, and conduct process development activities to improve existing commercial manufacturing processes. Hoofddorp, Netherlands: We utilize the facility for commercial manufacturing and processing of our cell therapy products. 9 We also depend on contract manufacturing organizations ( CMOs ) and contract testing laboratories ( CTLs ), inside and outside of the U.S., to perform manufacturing and testing activities for the majority of our API and drug products. For most of our products, including our HIV products, we use multiple CMOs so that we have both primary and back-up suppliers and manufacturing sites. For our future products, we continue to develop additional manufacturing capabilities and establish additional third-party suppliers to manufacture and test sufficient quantities of our product candidates to undertake clinical trials and to manufacture and test sufficient quantities of any product that is approved for commercial sale. For more information, see the Government Regulation section below and Item 1A. Risk Factors We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials or to manufacture and sell our products, or we may face manufacturing difficulties, delays or interruptions, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, which could limit our ability to generate revenues. Human Capital Gilead s success depends on the work of its dedicated employees who embrace a shared sense of purpose and a culture of excellence. Our human capital objective is to make Gilead an employer of choice for the best talent in our industry. Gilead s key priorities for human capital management include inclusion, total rewards, safety, and employee development and engagement initiatives and programs. The Compensation and Talent Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our overall human capital management. Gilead is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to inclusive practices, which are integral to Gilead s culture and business. We believe it is a business imperative to hire the very best talent, understand the patients and communities we serve, and conduct science-based clinical trials focused on patient populations that represent the diseases being studied. We have a long-standing commitment to creating a safe, respectful and welcoming environment for all employees, which aligns with our core values of integrity, inclusion, teamwork, accountability and excellence. Gilead serves a wide range of patients and communities around the world, and they are best supported by a workforce that can understand and innovate to meet their unique needs. Our inclusion council ( Council ) is responsible for governance of our inclusion strategy and our efforts to promote a culture of inclusion, equal opportunity and belonging in a sustainable and compliant way. The Council includes senior executives and leaders from our employee resource groups ( ERGs ). In addition, our ERGs, which are open to all, support employees and aim to raise awareness of different cultures within the workplace. Executive sponsors and leaders of our ERGs contribute to our inclusion efforts through annual planning and collaboration to support our communities inside and outside of Gilead. As of December 31, 2025, Gilead had approximately 17,000 employees. For risks associated with our human capital, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, the failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely impact us. Total Rewards Gilead s Total Rewards portfolio is a competitive, robust package that is designed to optimize our employees performance and support their wellbeing, allowing them to focus on mission-critical work. Each year, we reassess our Total Rewards package to confirm whether it offers benefits and incentives that align with our total rewards philosophy. Our portfolio (which varies by country and is subject to employee eligibility requirements and legal and regulatory requirements) includes but is not limited to: Competitive base salary Incentive compensation Stock awards Employee stock purchase plan 401(k) savings plan with a company match that vests immediately Health and wellbeing benefits Flexible work arrangements Flexible spending accounts Paid time off Paid family leave Family support services, including family planning and reproductive health (e.g., fertility, adoption and surrogacy) Mental health support, including complex care management Health care navigation support Cancer support services Student loan repayment and tuition assistance Employee assistance programs Digital wellbeing platform Global wellbeing reimbursement 10 We are a pay-for-performance company and are committed to addressing pay equity. Our employee salaries are informed by market research, and market-based ranges and are assessed annually through performance reviews. Our policy is that compensation decisions are merit-based and made without regard to personal characteristics, such as gender, race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, religion or veteran status. We also conduct an annual pay equity review of employee compensation in an effort to strive to make our pay practices gender- and race-neutral. To promote employee productivity, we continue to address our employees needs by providing meaningful benefits, such as wellness benefits that support physical and mental health, and a flexible approach to work arrangements. We believe our flexible work program positions us to be competitive for talent and support employee wellbeing while also creating the collaborative environment and connections that fuel innovation. Safety We have a workplace safety, training and security program that focuses on preventing work-related injuries and illnesses and providing a safe and secure environment for our employees. To maintain high safety standards, we offer our employees annual refresher courses and specialized training tailored to specific needs. We also diligently record, analyze and report work-related injuries and illnesses and other health and safety data in compliance with applicable regulatory and legal requirements. Employee Development and Engagement Employee development maximizes the potential and performance of each member of our workforce and is critical to achieving our business goals. Gilead offers a number of internal and external professional, management and leadership development training programs to help our employees develop technical, cross-functional and leadership skills and tools to advance their careers. This includes a multi-year approach to support the development of all people leaders at Gilead, recognizing the complexity and challenges of their roles and supporting the impact they can have on the growth and development of all employees. In addition to internal development, employees can receive reimbursement for tuition expenses incurred while pursuing undergraduate, graduate or certificate courses at an accredited college or university or enroll in our standard loan repayment program for education loan repayment assistance. As we strive to be an employer of choice in our industry, our listening strategy gathers input from our internal and external talent to shape our engagement strategies and programs and measure our progress. In addition to ongoing monitoring of key metrics (e.g., voluntary turnover), we conducted comprehensive reviews of the employee experience in 2025 via surveys, focus groups and benchmarks. The resulting insights play a key role in determining the direction of our culture as well as the company s broader response to emerging developments. For example, in response to previous employee feedback, we implemented multiple enterprise initiatives aimed at improving efficiency and removing barriers to speed of execution. According to scores on targeted items, these efforts have resulted in sizable improvements in those areas of focus in 2025. Corporate Responsibility Investing in corporate responsibility is core to our business strategy and reflects our values of accountability, inclusion, teamwork, excellence and integrity. This is in service to our mission to advance global health by providing innovative therapeutics in areas of unmet need in a way that is socially responsible and environmentally sustainable. Gilead s corporate responsibility programs reflect this commitment to our stakeholders. Environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) strategy and performance are overseen by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors and managed by a Corporate Responsibility Committee, which is comprised of leaders from key departments across our company. The Corporate Responsibility Committee is responsible for reviewing ESG issues and, as appropriate, integrating them into our overall business strategy and operations. Additional information about this program and our corporate responsibility highlights are available in Gilead s Responsible Business and Impact Report on Gilead s website at https://www.gilead.com/responsibility/esg. Our ESG goals are aspirational and may change. Statements regarding these goals and related initiatives are not guarantees or promises that they will be met. For further information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to corporate responsibility matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price. 11 Seasonality of Operations Our worldwide product sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality in end-user demand. However, in the U.S., fluctuations in wholesaler inventory levels impact our product sales. In recent years, we have observed strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases of our products in the second half of the year, resulting in inventory draw-down by wholesalers and sub-wholesalers in the subsequent first quarter. Several other factors, including government budgets, annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition and other buying patterns, also could impact the product sales recorded in a particular quarter. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. Government Regulation Our operations and activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government authorities in the U.S., the EU and other countries, including laws and regulations governing the testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our products. As a result of these regulations, product development and product approval processes are very expensive and time consuming, which has a significant impact on our capital expenditures and results of operations. The regulatory requirements applicable to drug development and approval are subject to change. Any legal and regulatory changes may impact our operations in the future. In addition, the current U.S. Presidential administration has indicated that it plans to pursue changes to various regulatory policies from prior administrations, some of which have already started to be implemented. As a result, there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business. For example, the administration has taken a number of actions aimed at lowering U.S. drug prices and testing new Medicare and Medicaid payment models. President Trump also has pledged to impose tariffs on pharmaceuticals and other products, some of which have already started to be implemented. These tariffs and retaliatory measures taken by other nations in response may increase our costs and adversely impact the competitiveness of our products outside the U.S. Some of these policy changes may be subject to litigation or other challenge, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates. Drug Development Regulation A country s regulatory agency, such as FDA in the U.S. and EMA and EC in the EU, as well as the national authorities of the EU member states, must approve a drug before it can be sold in the respective country or countries. The general processes for drug development and approval in the U.S. and EU are summarized below. Many other countries, including individual countries within the EU, have similar regulatory structures. U.S. Drug Development Preclinical Testing Before we can test a drug candidate in humans, we must study the drug in laboratory experiments and in animals to generate data to support the drug candidate s potential benefits and safety. We submit this data to FDA in an Investigational New Drug ( IND ) application seeking its approval to test the compound in humans. Clinical Trials If FDA accepts the IND, the drug candidate can then be studied in human clinical trials to determine if the drug candidate is safe and effective. These clinical trials involve three separate phases that often overlap, can take many years and are very expensive. These three phases, which are subject to considerable regulation, are as follows: Phase 1. The drug candidate is given to a small number of healthy human control subjects or patients suffering or at risk from the indicated disease, to test for safety, dose tolerance, pharmacokinetics, metabolism, distribution and excretion. Phase 2. The drug candidate is given to a limited patient population to determine the effect of the drug candidate in treating or preventing the disease, the best dose of the drug candidate, and the possible side effects and safety risks of the drug candidate. It is not uncommon for a drug candidate that appears promising in Phase 1 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and extensive Phase 2 clinical trials. 12 Phase 3. If a drug candidate appears to be effective and have an appropriate safety profile in Phase 2 clinical trials, Phase 3 clinical trials are commenced to confirm those results. Phase 3 clinical trials are conducted over a longer term, involve a significantly larger population, are conducted at numerous sites in different geographic regions and are carefully designed to provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and benefits of a drug candidate. It is not uncommon for a drug candidate that appears promising in Phase 2 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and extensive Phase 3 clinical trials. FDA Approval Process When we believe that the data from our clinical trials show an acceptable benefit-risk profile, we submit the appropriate filing, usually in the form of a New Drug Application, Biologics License Application or supplemental application, with FDA, seeking approval to sell the drug candidate for a particular use. At FDA s discretion, FDA may hold a public hearing where an independent advisory committee of expert advisors asks additional questions and makes recommendations regarding the drug candidate. This committee makes a recommendation to FDA that is not binding but is generally followed by FDA. If FDA agrees that the drug has met the required level of safety and efficacy for a particular use, it will approve the application and allow us to sell the drug in the U.S. for that use. It is not unusual, however, for FDA to decline to approve an application because it believes that the drug candidate is not safe enough or efficacious enough (i.e., does not have an appropriate benefit-risk profile) or because it does not believe that the data submitted is reliable or conclusive. At any point in this process, the development of a drug candidate can be stopped for a number of reasons, including safety concerns, lack of treatment benefit or manufacturing issues. We cannot be certain that any clinical trials that we are currently conducting or any that we conduct in the future will be completed successfully or within any specified time period. We may choose, or FDA may require us, to delay or suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or if the drug candidate does not appear to have sufficient treatment benefit. Even after approving a drug, FDA may also require Phase 4 non-registrational studies to explore scientific questions to further characterize safety and efficacy during commercial use of our drug. FDA may also require us to provide additional data or information, improve our manufacturing processes, procedures or facilities or may require extensive surveillance to monitor the safety or benefits of our product candidates if it determines that our filing does not contain adequate evidence of the safety and benefits of the drug. In addition, even if FDA approves a drug, it could limit the uses of the drug. FDA can withdraw approvals if it does not believe that we are complying with regulatory standards or if concerns about the safety or efficacy are uncovered or occur after approval. In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each drug, we obtain FDA approval of the manufacturing facilities for any drug we sell, including those of companies who manufacture our drugs for us. All of these facilities are subject to periodic inspections by FDA. FDA must also approve foreign establishments that manufacture products to be sold in the U.S. and these facilities are subject to periodic regulatory inspection. Our manufacturing facilities located in California also must be licensed by the State of California in compliance with local regulatory requirements. Our manufacturing facilities in Canada, Ireland and Netherlands also must obtain local licenses and permits in compliance with local regulatory requirements. FDA may employ one of several tools to facilitate and expedite the development and review of a drug, including Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Accelerated Approval designation and Priority Review designation. Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and review of a drug that treats a serious condition and fills an unmet medical need. Breakthrough Therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of a drug that treats a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence demonstrates substantial improvement over available therapies. Accelerated Approval of a drug may be granted by FDA where the drug treats a serious condition, fills an unmet medical need and has been studied for safety and efficacy. Priority Review designation means FDA s goal is to take action on an application within six months of filing. FDA may grant Priority Review designation to a drug that would provide significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of a treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition. EU Drug Development In the EU, our products are subject to a variety of EU and EU member state regulations governing clinical trials, commercial sales and distribution. We are required to obtain a marketing authorization in the EU before we can market our medicinal products on the relevant market. The conduct of clinical trials in the EU is governed by, among others, Regulation (EU) No. 536/2014, Directive 2005/28/EC and the ICH Good Clinical Practice guidelines. These impose legal and regulatory obligations that are similar to those provided in applicable U.S. laws. The conduct of clinical trials in the EU must be approved by the competent authorities of each EU member states in which the clinical trials take place, and a positive opinion must be obtained from the relevant Ethics Committee in the relevant member state. Regulation (EU) No. 536/2014, which entered into application in January 2022 and became fully applicable in January 2025, requires that clinical trial applications and related information and data be submitted through the Clinical Trials Information System, a coordinated system that supports submission, assessment and oversight of all clinical trials in the EU. 13 Marketing authorization holders, manufacturers, importers, wholesalers and distributors of medicinal products placed on the market in the EU are required to comply with a number of regulatory requirements including pharmacovigilance, manufacturing compliance and the requirement to obtain manufacturing, import and/or distribution licenses issued by the competent authorities of the EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements may lead to the imposition of civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including suspension of marketing or manufacturing authorizations. Manufacturing Regulation The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated, and regulators may shut down or impose severe restrictions on manufacturing facilities that they observe are not complying with regulations. We, our CMOs, our CTLs and our corporate partners are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by FDA and EMA. Similar regulations are in effect in other jurisdictions. Suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug application or marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. Even after our facilities or a third-party supplier is qualified by the regulatory authority, time, money and effort must continue to be expended in the area of production and quality control to maintain full compliance with cGMP. Our manufacturing operations and third-party suppliers are subject to regular periodic inspections by regulatory authorities following initial approval. For our cell therapy products, we are required by FDA to comply with the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program, which includes educating and certifying medical personnel regarding the therapy procedures and the potential side effect profile of our therapy, such as the potential adverse side effects related to cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities. Additionally, we are required to maintain a complex chain of identity and custody with respect to patient material as such material moves to the manufacturing facilities, through the manufacturing process, and back to the patient. Pricing and Reimbursement Regulation Health insurers, including government health authorities, generally provide reimbursement for the cost of our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell. In the U.S., the EU and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. A significant portion of our sales of the majority of our products are subject to substantial discounts from their list prices, including rebates to Medicare and Medicaid agencies or discounts to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act ( 340B ). As a result, the price increases we implement from time to time on certain products may have a limited effect on our net product sales in certain markets. In addition, standard reimbursement structures may not adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates and We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. Health Care Fraud and Abuse / Anti-Bribery Regulation We are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and false claim laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to knowingly and willingly solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business reimbursed by a federal healthcare program, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. False claims laws generally prohibit anyone from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by federal and certain state payers (including Medicare and Medicaid), or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. In addition, FDA regulates written and verbal communications about our products. In addition to federal law, states also have consumer protection and false claims laws. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities, our sales, marketing, patient support, medical, clinical and public affairs activities may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. For example, recently there has been enhanced scrutiny by government enforcement authorities of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance, reimbursement support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Similarly, in Europe, interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are subject to strict laws, regulations, industry self regulation codes of conduct and physicians codes of professional conduct, as applicable, including the EU member states anti-corruption laws and the UK Bribery Act 2010. 14 In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom. We have implemented trainings and programs geared toward compliance with these laws. Violations of fraud and abuse laws or anti-bribery laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as the possibility of exclusion from federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Violations can also lead to the imposition of a Corporate Integrity Agreement or similar government oversight program, even if we disagree with the government s perspective that we have violated any rules or guidance. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors We are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the healthcare industry. Environmental Regulation We are subject to a number of laws and regulations that require compliance with federal, state and local regulations for the protection of the environment. The evolving legal and regulatory landscape around climate change has resulted in new requirements enacted to prevent, mitigate or adapt to the implications of climate change. These regulations, which can differ across jurisdictions, subject us to many transition risks, including, for example, new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes, increased compliance costs, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, investment in new technologies, increased carbon disclosure and transparency, investments in data gathering and reporting systems, upgrades of facilities to meet new building codes and the redesign of utility systems, which could increase the company s operating costs, including the cost of electricity and energy. For example, many nations, particularly in the EU, have communicated plans to decarbonize their healthcare systems and achieve net zero emissions by 2050, which may require us to incur material costs in order to do so. Failure to sufficiently decarbonize or comply with climate-related requirements may impede our ability to operate in certain geographies and negatively affect our business. Our suppliers and third-party manufacturers and corporate partners face similar transition risks that could have an adverse effect on our business. While costs related to compliance with environmental regulations cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate that these costs will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Climate change and related natural disasters, as well as legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, can negatively affect our business and operations. Other Information We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with SEC. Our website is www.gilead.com. Through a link on the Investors page of our website (under the Financials - SEC Filings section), we make available the following filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; Current Reports on Form 8-K; and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Website references are provided throughout this document for convenience. The content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 15 Our Executive Officers and Directors The following tables list our executive officers and directors as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Executive Officers Name Age Position Daniel P. O Day 61 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dietmar Berger 63 Chief Medical Officer Andrew D. Dickinson 56 Chief Financial Officer Johanna Mercier 56 Chief Commercial and Corporate Affairs Officer Keeley M. Cain Wettan 51 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Legal and Compliance Directors Name Age Principal Occupation or Employment Daniel P. O Day, Chairman 61 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc. Anthony Welters, Lead Independent Director 70 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CINQ Care Inc. Jacqueline K. Barton, Ph.D. 73 Professor Emerita, California Institute of Technology Jeffrey A. Bluestone, Ph.D. 72 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Sonoma Biotherapeutics, Inc. Sandra J. Horning, M.D. 77 Retired Chief Medical Officer, Roche, Inc. Kelly A. Kramer 58 Retired Chief Financial Officer, Cisco Systems, Inc. Ted W. Love, M.D. 66 Former Chair of Board of Directors, Biotechnology Innovation Organization Harish Manwani 72 Senior Operating Partner, Blackstone Inc. Javier J. Rodriguez 55 Chief Executive Officer, DaVita Inc. 16 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Moreover, some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. Product and Commercialization Risks Certain of our products subject us to additional or heightened risks. HIV We receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment and prevention of HIV infection. We may be unable to sustain or increase sales of our HIV products for any number of reasons, including market share gains by competitive products, including generics, or the inability to introduce new HIV medications necessary to remain competitive. In such case, we may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development ( R D ) efforts. Cell Therapy Advancing a novel and personalized therapy, such as Yescarta or Tecartus, which are chimeric antigen receptor ( CAR ) T-cell therapies, creates significant challenges, including: developing and maintaining a robust and reliable process for engineering a patient s T cells in our facilities and infusing them back into the patient; conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects; and securing sufficient supply of other medications to manage side effects, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have detrimental impacts on the efficacy of cell therapy. In addition, future cell therapy products may be subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy ( REMS ), which is a drug safety program that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) may require for certain drugs. For example, until June 2025, Yescarta and Tecartus were subject to a REMS requirement to manage the risks of cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities, which required a certification process for hospitals and clinics that dispense the products. The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. For example, in January 2024, FDA instituted a class labeling change for all approved CAR T-cell therapies, including a boxed warning about the possible risk of secondary T-cell malignancies in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy. For challenges related to the reimbursement of Yescarta and Tecartus, see also Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates. We rely on third-party sites to collect patients white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients white blood cells and ultimate delivery of Yescarta and Tecartus to patients. Disruptions or difficulties at these vendors could result in product loss and regulatory action. Apheresis centers may also decline to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts. We also face risks related to our in-house CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facilities in California, Maryland and the Netherlands, spanning process development, vector manufacturing, clinical trial production and commercial product manufacturing. Quality, reliability and speed are critical in cell therapy manufacturing to quickly and safely deliver our cell therapies to patients. Any delays or quality issues with our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business and 17 damage our reputation. In addition, we may not be able to sufficiently increase manufacturing network capacity to meet growing demand. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, including approval for earlier lines of therapy, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline as well as on preparations for potential commercial launch without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Such failures have had, and may have in the future, a negative impact on our business and financial results, including as a result of our inability to recover R D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred in connection with the development of and launch preparations for our product candidates. For example, we enter into commitments to purchase materials and supplies in anticipation of the potential manufacture and sale of new product candidates, and if the development, approval or launch of these product candidates is delayed or otherwise unsuccessful, we may experience excess inventory that needs to be written down, losses on firm commitments to purchase inventory, or other related costs and expenses resulting from such commitments. Additionally, we face public attention and scrutiny related to the complex decisions we make concerning the pricing, global supply and distribution, allocation and intellectual property of our commercialized products, as well as other factors that may contribute to patient access to our medicines, all of which may adversely affect our business and our corporate reputation. We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. We may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products as demand depends on a number of factors. If we do not accurately forecast demand or manufacture products at levels to align with actual demand, then we may experience product shortages or build excess inventory that may need to be written off. For example, product demand may be adversely affected if physicians do not see the benefit of our products. Additionally, uptake of new products may not materialize as expected, or at all in the case of unsuccessful product candidates. For example, Veklury sales generally reflect COVID-19 related rates and severity of infections and hospitalizations, as well as the availability, uptake and effectiveness of vaccines and alternative treatments for COVID-19, and future sales in the short- and long-term remain uncertain. Additionally, the non-retail sector in the U.S., which includes government institutions, including state AIDS Drug Assistance Programs, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter-over-quarter fluctuations that do not mirror actual patient demand for our products. Federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. In light of the budget crises faced by many European countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in Europe. We believe these measures have caused some government agencies and other purchasers to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels, and we may continue to see this trend in the future. We sell and distribute most of our products in the U.S. exclusively through the wholesaler/distributor channel. Historically, approximately 90% of our gross product sales in the U.S. have been to three wholesalers Cardinal Health, Inc., Cencora, Inc. and McKesson Corporation and their specialty distributor affiliates. The U.S. wholesalers and distributors with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end-user demand and may not be accurate in matching their inventory levels to actual end-user demand. As a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers and distributors can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers and distributors do not match end-user demand. In addition, inventory is held at retail and specialty pharmacies and other non-wholesaler/distributor locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. Adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail and specialty pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and distributors and, consequently, the wholesalers and distributors orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. In addition, we have observed that strong wholesaler/distributor and sub-wholesaler/distributor purchases of our products in the second half of the year typically results in inventory draw-down by wholesalers/distributors and sub-wholesalers/distributors in the subsequent first quarter. As inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues. 18 We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers. New branded or generic products entering major markets affect our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. A number of companies, including large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies, are pursuing the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise. Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates. Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability and amount of third-party payer reimbursement for our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. As our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices. Legislative and regulatory actions affecting government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently. We may be adversely impacted by any such legislative and regulatory actions, though it is difficult to predict the impact, if any, on the use and reimbursement of our products. In the U.S., the European Union ( EU ) and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. The volume of drug pricing-related legislation and administrative action has dramatically increased in recent years, including: U.S. Congress has enacted laws requiring manufacturer refunds on certain amounts of discarded drug from single-use vials and eliminating the existing cap on Medicaid rebate amounts beginning in 2024. U.S. Congress has enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ), which, among other changes, (1) requires the Department of Health and Human Services to negotiate Medicare prices for certain drugs (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 drugs in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 drugs in 2029 and subsequent years), which could also affect the Medicaid rebate obligations and the ceiling prices charged to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act ( 340B ) if such prices are lower than the Medicaid Best Price and reduce the Average Sales Price and associated Medicare reimbursement rate for products reimbursed under Medicare Part B; (2) imposes an inflation-based rebate on Medicare Part B utilization starting in 2023 and Part D utilization beginning October 1, 2022; and (3) restructures the Medicare Part D benefit to cap out-of-pocket expenses for Part D beneficiaries beginning in 2024 and, effective January 1, 2025, increases Part D plans contributions in the catastrophic coverage phase and increases manufacturers discount contributions across coverage phases such that manufacturers must pay a 10% discount in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase on drugs utilized by all Part D beneficiaries, including low income subsidy patients. In January 2026, the Department of Health and Human Services selected Biktarvy for Medicare negotiation of Medicare prices that will be effective beginning in 2028, and more of our products may be selected in the future. We continue to evaluate the potential impact of the IRA on our business, but we anticipate that the negotiated Medicare price will be substantially lower than the price we currently charge in Medicare and may also lead to increased rebates we owe Medicaid agencies and reduced ceiling prices charged to 340B covered entities. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) has issued a number of guidance documents governing certain aspects of the IRA, but it remains unclear how certain provisions of the IRA are being implemented due to lack of full transparency. Additional guidance, legislation or rulemaking may be issued that could change the scope or implementation of the IRA. In addition, multiple manufacturers and trade organizations have challenged the Medicare negotiation provisions of the IRA, and additional legal challenges may be filed in the future. While the full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain at this time, we anticipate that the IRA will increase our payment obligations under the redesigned Part D discount program, limit the prices we can charge for our products, and increase the rebates we must provide government programs for our products, thereby reducing our profitability and negatively impacting our financial results. U.S. Congress has enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill ( OBBB ) Act, which made several changes to the Medicaid program, such as imposing Medicaid work requirements and imposing stricter eligibility and enrollment standards. Most of these policies will take effect in 2027. In addition, the OBBB Act did not extend the availability of enhanced premium subsidies, which subsidize patient premiums for Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) health insurance exchange 19 plans and expired at the end of 2025. If these subsidies are not reinstated, it is possible that patient enrollment in ACA exchange plans could substantially decrease. These changes, individually or in combination, could decrease health insurance coverage for patients taking our medicines, potentially disrupt access to our medicines for some individuals and negatively impact our financial results. Many state legislatures are considering, or have already enacted, legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as requiring manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information, creating drug affordability review boards, establishing drug payment limits, and encouraging the use of generic drugs. A finding that one of our products is unaffordable could lead to legislative action to designate an upper limit on the amount certain purchasers and payors can pay for our products. These initiatives and such other legislation may cause added pricing pressures on our products, and the resulting impact on our business is uncertain at this time. Many countries outside the U.S., including the EU member states, have established complex and lengthy procedures to obtain price approvals and coverage reimbursement and periodically review their pricing and reimbursement decisions. The outcome of these reviews is unpredictable and may adversely affect the pricing and reimbursement of our medical products in the EU. Price reductions in one EU member state could affect pricing in others and negatively impact our financial results. U.S. Department of Commerce initiated an investigation on imports of pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients, which may result in the current U.S. Presidential administration taking actions to impose potential tariffs or importation quotas in the pharmaceutical industry that could increase our manufacturing costs and adversely impact our supply chain resiliency and business competitiveness. For example, in September 2025, the U.S. Presidential administration announced plans to impose up to 100% tariffs on imported branded or patented pharmaceuticals, subject to certain exceptions. The specific impact remains uncertain at this time and is subject to the timing, scope and duration of any tariffs and actions imposed as well as broader tariffs and actions outside of the pharmaceutical industry. The current U.S. Presidential administration has indicated that it plans to pursue additional policies aimed at lowering prescription drug costs. The administration has issued multiple executive orders and statements that illustrate the intent to require pharmaceutical manufacturers to offer U.S. prices based on most favored-nation ( MFN ) lowest prices and that direct specified agency heads to take certain actions if significant progress towards such MFN prices is not achieved. In July 2025, the President sent letters to Gilead and other pharmaceutical manufacturers outlining the steps the President believes pharmaceutical manufacturers must take to bring down the prices of prescription drugs in the U.S. to match the MFN price offered in other developed nations. The administration has announced agreements with certain manufacturers, including Gilead, around these issues and has stated that it has paused the implementation of tariffs on pharmaceuticals to allow for negotiation of agreements with additional manufacturers. In December 2025, Gilead reached an agreement with the administration to (1) pause the imposition of Section 232 tariffs on Gilead for three years, (2) implement MFN prices in Medicaid for select existing and future launched products, (3) set a new direct-to-patient price for Epclusa and (4) return a portion of increased international revenues to the U.S. if the U.S. government is successful in increasing drug prices abroad. In addition, the administration announced several demonstration projects that would implement MFN pricing for certain Medicare Part B and Part D drugs through manufacturer inflation rebates based on utilization. The administration also recently called on Congress to enact legislation codifying the administration s MFN deals, which are in part being effectuated under the GENErating cost Reductions fOr U.S. Medicaid (GENEROUS) Model. The specifics of these proposals and policies are evolving, and as a result, there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business. Actions by the current U.S. Presidential administration to reorganize federal health agencies or reduce or pause funding for domestic and international HIV treatment and prevention programs and grants, such as the U.S. President s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) grants for HIV prevention, may adversely impact our business. Some of these initiatives may be subject to litigation or other challenge, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business. A substantial portion of our product sales is subject to significant discounts from list price, including rebates that we may be required to pay state Medicaid agencies and discounts provided to covered entities under 340B. Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid program at the federal or state level could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could substantially increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices we charge 340B-covered entities. In addition, the continued growth of the 340B program has had the unintended consequence of an increasingly out of scope percentage of sales at deeply discounted 340B prices due, in part, to pervasive violations of the program s diversion and duplicate discount prohibitions. Detecting and remedying these program integrity violations is challenging. 20 In March 2022, we implemented a contract pharmacy integrity initiative for our branded hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) products. This integrity initiative does not involve any products from Asegua Therapeutics LLC. Our integrity initiative requires covered entities that enter into 340B bill to/ship to arrangements with contract pharmacies for our branded HCV products to provide claims level data for units dispensed from such contract pharmacies; covered entities without an in-house pharmacy that choose not to participate in the initiative can designate a single contract pharmacy for shipment. Certain manufacturers that have implemented other contract pharmacy integrity programs have received enforcement letters from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) asserting that those programs violate the 340B statute, have been referred to the HHS Office of Inspector General for assessment of civil monetary penalties, and have been subject to administrative dispute resolution proceedings brought on behalf of covered entities. Some of these manufacturers are challenging HHS s position in litigation. The U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the District of Columbia Circuit have held that HHS s enforcement actions are unlawful, and a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is pending. A growing number of states have also enacted laws requiring manufacturers to provide 340B pricing through contract pharmacy arrangements, and additional states may adopt similar laws; we believe these laws, which are being challenged in ongoing litigation, are invalid but we have carved out covered entities in certain states from our integrity initiative while litigation challenging these laws proceeds. We also believe that our integrity initiative complies with the requirements of the 340B statute. However, additional legal or legislative developments with respect to the 340B program, including potential litigation with HHS or other stakeholders, may negatively impact our ability to implement or continue our integrity initiative. In addition, standard reimbursement structures do not always adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. For example, CMS established a severity-adjusted diagnosis-related group ( DRG ) 018 for Medicare inpatient reimbursement of CAR T-cell products such as Yescarta and Tecartus. While the DRG has a significantly higher base payment amount than the prior DRG 016, the payment available may not be sufficient to reimburse some hospitals for their cost of care for patients receiving Yescarta and Tecartus. When reimbursement is not aligned well to account for treatment costs, Medicare beneficiaries may be denied access as this misalignment could impact the willingness of some hospitals to offer the therapy and of doctors to recommend the therapy. Additionally, in the EU, there are barriers to reimbursement in individual countries that could limit the uptake of Yescarta and Tecartus. Moreover, we estimate the rebates we will be required to pay in connection with sales during a particular quarter based on claims data from prior quarters. In the U.S., actual rebate claims are typically made by payers one to three quarters in arrears. Actual claims and payments may vary significantly from our estimates. We may experience adverse impacts resulting from the importation of our products from lower price markets or the distribution of illegally diverted or counterfeit versions of our products. Prices for our products are based on local market economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. Our sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can be imported and resold into those countries from lower price markets. For example, in January 2024, FDA authorized Florida s proposed program to import prescription drugs from Canada, and U.S. sales may be adversely affected if Florida meets the additional requirements set by FDA in its authorization. We have entered into agreements with generic drug manufacturers as well as licensing agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool, a United Nations-backed public health organization, which allow generic drug manufacturers to manufacture generic versions of certain of our products for distribution in certain low- and middle-income countries. We may be adversely affected if any generic versions of our products, whether or not produced and/or distributed under these agreements, are exported to the U.S., the EU or markets with higher prices. In the EU, we are required to permit products purchased in one EU member state to be sold in another member state. Purchases of our products in member states where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in member states in which our selling prices are relatively high can affect the inventory level held by our wholesalers and can cause the relative sales levels in the various countries to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and not reflect the actual consumer demand in any given quarter. Additionally, diverted products may be used in countries where they have not been approved and patients may source the diverted products outside the legitimate supply chain. These diverted products may be handled, shipped and stored inappropriately, which may affect the quality and/or efficacy of the products and could harm patients and adversely impact us. We are also aware of the existence of various suppliers around the world that, without Gilead s authorization, purport to source our products and generic versions of our products and sell them for use in countries where those products have not been approved. As a result, patients may be at risk of taking unapproved medications that may not be what they purport to be, may not have the potency they claim to have or may contain harmful substances, which could harm patients and adversely impact us. Further, third parties have illegally distributed and sold, and may continue to illegally distribute and sell, illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines, which do not meet the rigorous quality standards of our manufacturing and supply chain. For example, as part of a U.S. civil enforcement lawsuit, we seized thousands of bottles of Gilead-labeled medication with counterfeit supply chain documentation. Our investigation revealed that unauthorized pharmaceutical distributors sold counterfeit Gilead medicine to independent pharmacies nationwide. 21 Illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of Gilead-branded medicines exist and may pose a serious risk to patient health and safety. Our actions to stop or prevent the distribution and sale of illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines around the world may be costly and unsuccessful, which may adversely affect patients and our reputation and business, including our product revenues and financial results. Product Development and Supply Chain Risks We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption. We are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of product candidates that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. The results from these studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. Even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products. We face numerous risks and uncertainties with our clinical trials that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates, including challenges in clinical trial protocol design, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable or inadequate trial results to support further development of our product candidates, including failure to meet a trial s primary endpoint, safety issues arising from our clinical trials, and the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials. For example, in January 2024, we announced that our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy ( SG ) did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival in previously treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer ( NSCLC ), which resulted in us recording an impairment charge during the three months ended March 31, 2024 (for more information, see Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 1