=== GILD_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Moreover, some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. Product and Commercialization Risks Certain of our products subject us to additional or heightened risks. HIV We receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment and prevention of HIV infection. We may be unable to sustain or increase sales of our HIV products for any number of reasons, including market share gains by competitive products, including generics, or the inability to introduce new HIV medications necessary to remain competitive. In such case, we may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development (“R&D”) efforts. Cell Therapy Advancing a novel and personalized therapy, such as Yescarta or Tecartus, which are chimeric antigen receptor (“CAR”) T-cell therapies, creates significant challenges, including: • developing and maintaining a robust and reliable process for engineering a patient’s T cells in our facilities and infusing them back into the patient; • conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects; and • securing sufficient supply of other medications to manage side effects, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have detrimental impacts on the efficacy of cell therapy. In addition, future cell therapy products may be subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”), which is a drug safety program that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) may require for certain drugs. For example, until June 2025, Yescarta and Tecartus were subject to a REMS requirement to manage the risks of cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities, which required a certification process for hospitals and clinics that dispense the products. The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. For example, in January 2024, FDA instituted a class labeling change for all approved CAR T-cell therapies, including a “boxed warning” about the possible risk of secondary T-cell malignancies in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy. For challenges related to the reimbursement of Yescarta and Tecartus, see also “ Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates.” We rely on third-party sites to collect patients’ white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients’ white blood cells and ultimate delivery of Yescarta and Tecartus to patients. Disruptions or difficulties at these vendors could result in product loss and regulatory action. Apheresis centers may also decline to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts. We also face risks related to our in-house CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facilities in California, Maryland and the Netherlands, spanning process development, vector manufacturing, clinical trial production and commercial product manufacturing. Quality, reliability and speed are critical in cell therapy manufacturing to quickly and safely deliver our cell therapies to patients. Any delays or quality issues with our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business and 17 damage our reputation. In addition, we may not be able to sufficiently increase manufacturing network capacity to meet growing demand. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, including approval for earlier lines of therapy, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R&D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline as well as on preparations for potential commercial launch without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Such failures have had, and may have in the future, a negative impact on our business and financial results, including as a result of our inability to recover R&D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred in connection with the development of and launch preparations for our product candidates. For example, we enter into commitments to purchase materials and supplies in anticipation of the potential manufacture and sale of new product candidates, and if the development, approval or launch of these product candidates is delayed or otherwise unsuccessful, we may experience excess inventory that needs to be written down, losses on firm commitments to purchase inventory, or other related costs and expenses resulting from such commitments. Additionally, we face public attention and scrutiny related to the complex decisions we make concerning the pricing, global supply and distribution, allocation and intellectual property of our commercialized products, as well as other factors that may contribute to patient access to our medicines, all of which may adversely affect our business and our corporate reputation. We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. We may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products as demand depends on a number of factors. If we do not accurately forecast demand or manufacture products at levels to align with actual demand, then we may experience product shortages or build excess inventory that may need to be written off. For example, product demand may be adversely affected if physicians do not see the benefit of our products. Additionally, uptake of new products may not materialize as expected, or at all in the case of unsuccessful product candidates. For example, Veklury sales generally reflect COVID-19 related rates and severity of infections and hospitalizations, as well as the availability, uptake and effectiveness of vaccines and alternative treatments for COVID-19, and future sales in the short- and long-term remain uncertain. Additionally, the non-retail sector in the U.S., which includes government institutions, including state AIDS Drug Assistance Programs, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter-over-quarter fluctuations that do not mirror actual patient demand for our products. Federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. In light of the budget crises faced by many European countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in Europe. We believe these measures have caused some government agencies and other purchasers to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels, and we may continue to see this trend in the future. We sell and distribute most of our products in the U.S. exclusively through the wholesaler/distributor channel. Historically, approximately 90% of our gross product sales in the U.S. have been to three wholesalers—Cardinal Health, Inc., Cencora, Inc. and McKesson Corporation—and their specialty distributor affiliates. The U.S. wholesalers and distributors with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end-user demand and may not be accurate in matching their inventory levels to actual end-user demand. As a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers and distributors can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers and distributors do not match end-user demand. In addition, inventory is held at retail and specialty pharmacies and other non-wholesaler/distributor locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. Adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail and specialty pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and distributors and, consequently, the wholesalers’ and distributors’ orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. In addition, we have observed that strong wholesaler/distributor and sub-wholesaler/distributor purchases of our products in the second half of the year typically results in inventory draw-down by wholesalers/distributors and sub-wholesalers/distributors in the subsequent first quarter. As inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues. 18 We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers. New branded or generic products entering major markets affect our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. A number of companies, including large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies, are pursuing the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise. Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates. Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability and amount of third-party payer reimbursement for our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. As our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices. Legislative and regulatory actions affecting government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently. We may be adversely impacted by any such legislative and regulatory actions, though it is difficult to predict the impact, if any, on the use and reimbursement of our products. In the U.S., the European Union (“EU”) and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. The volume of drug pricing-related legislation and administrative action has dramatically increased in recent years, including: • U.S. Congress has enacted laws requiring manufacturer refunds on certain amounts of discarded drug from single-use vials and eliminating the existing cap on Medicaid rebate amounts beginning in 2024. • U.S. Congress has enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”), which, among other changes, (1) requires the Department of Health and Human Services to “negotiate” Medicare prices for certain drugs (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 drugs in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 drugs in 2029 and subsequent years), which could also affect the Medicaid rebate obligations and the ceiling prices charged to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act (“340B”) if such prices are lower than the Medicaid Best Price and reduce the Average Sales Price and associated Medicare reimbursement rate for products reimbursed under Medicare Part B; (2) imposes an inflation-based rebate on Medicare Part B utilization starting in 2023 and Part D utilization beginning October 1, 2022; and (3) restructures the Medicare Part D benefit to cap out-of-pocket expenses for Part D beneficiaries beginning in 2024 and, effective January 1, 2025, increases Part D plans’ contributions in the catastrophic coverage phase and increases manufacturers’ discount contributions across coverage phases such that manufacturers must pay a 10% discount in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase on drugs utilized by all Part D beneficiaries, including low income subsidy patients. In January 2026, the Department of Health and Human Services selected Biktarvy for Medicare negotiation of Medicare prices that will be effective beginning in 2028, and more of our products may be selected in the future. We continue to evaluate the potential impact of the IRA on our business, but we anticipate that the negotiated Medicare price will be substantially lower than the price we currently charge in Medicare and may also lead to increased rebates we owe Medicaid agencies and reduced ceiling prices charged to 340B covered entities. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has issued a number of guidance documents governing certain aspects of the IRA, but it remains unclear how certain provisions of the IRA are being implemented due to lack of full transparency. Additional guidance, legislation or rulemaking may be issued that could change the scope or implementation of the IRA. In addition, multiple manufacturers and trade organizations have challenged the Medicare negotiation provisions of the IRA, and additional legal challenges may be filed in the future. While the full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain at this time, we anticipate that the IRA will increase our payment obligations under the redesigned Part D discount program, limit the prices we can charge for our products, and increase the rebates we must provide government programs for our products, thereby reducing our profitability and negatively impacting our financial results. • U.S. Congress has enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill (“OBBB”) Act, which made several changes to the Medicaid program, such as imposing Medicaid work requirements and imposing stricter eligibility and enrollment standards. Most of these policies will take effect in 2027. In addition, the OBBB Act did not extend the availability of enhanced premium subsidies, which subsidize patient premiums for Affordable Care Act (“ACA”) health insurance exchange 19 plans and expired at the end of 2025. If these subsidies are not reinstated, it is possible that patient enrollment in ACA exchange plans could substantially decrease. These changes, individually or in combination, could decrease health insurance coverage for patients taking our medicines, potentially disrupt access to our medicines for some individuals and negatively impact our financial results. • Many state legislatures are considering, or have already enacted, legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as requiring manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information, creating drug affordability review boards, establishing drug payment limits, and encouraging the use of generic drugs. A finding that one of our products is unaffordable could lead to legislative action to designate an upper limit on the amount certain purchasers and payors can pay for our products. These initiatives and such other legislation may cause added pricing pressures on our products, and the resulting impact on our business is uncertain at this time. • Many countries outside the U.S., including the EU member states, have established complex and lengthy procedures to obtain price approvals and coverage reimbursement and periodically review their pricing and reimbursement decisions. The outcome of these reviews is unpredictable and may adversely affect the pricing and reimbursement of our medical products in the EU. Price reductions in one EU member state could affect pricing in others and negatively impact our financial results. • U.S. Department of Commerce initiated an investigation on imports of pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients, which may result in the current U.S. Presidential administration taking actions to impose potential tariffs or importation quotas in the pharmaceutical industry that could increase our manufacturing costs and adversely impact our supply chain resiliency and business competitiveness. For example, in September 2025, the U.S. Presidential administration announced plans to impose up to 100% tariffs on imported branded or patented pharmaceuticals, subject to certain exceptions. The specific impact remains uncertain at this time and is subject to the timing, scope and duration of any tariffs and actions imposed as well as broader tariffs and actions outside of the pharmaceutical industry. • The current U.S. Presidential administration has indicated that it plans to pursue additional policies aimed at lowering prescription drug costs. The administration has issued multiple executive orders and statements that illustrate the intent to require pharmaceutical manufacturers to offer U.S. prices based on most favored-nation (“MFN”) lowest prices and that direct specified agency heads to take certain actions if significant progress towards such MFN prices is not achieved. In July 2025, the President sent letters to Gilead and other pharmaceutical manufacturers outlining the steps the President believes pharmaceutical manufacturers must take to bring down the prices of prescription drugs in the U.S. to match the MFN price offered in other developed nations. The administration has announced agreements with certain manufacturers, including Gilead, around these issues and has stated that it has paused the implementation of tariffs on pharmaceuticals to allow for negotiation of agreements with additional manufacturers. In December 2025, Gilead reached an agreement with the administration to (1) pause the imposition of Section 232 tariffs on Gilead for three years, (2) implement MFN prices in Medicaid for select existing and future launched products, (3) set a new direct-to-patient price for Epclusa and (4) return a portion of increased international revenues to the U.S. if the U.S. government is successful in increasing drug prices abroad. In addition, the administration announced several demonstration projects that would implement MFN pricing for certain Medicare Part B and Part D drugs through manufacturer inflation rebates based on utilization. The administration also recently called on Congress to enact legislation codifying the administration’s MFN deals, which are in part being effectuated under the GENErating cost Reductions fOr U.S. Medicaid (GENEROUS) Model. The specifics of these proposals and policies are evolving, and as a result, there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business. • Actions by the current U.S. Presidential administration to reorganize federal health agencies or reduce or pause funding for domestic and international HIV treatment and prevention programs and grants, such as the U.S. President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) grants for HIV prevention, may adversely impact our business. Some of these initiatives may be subject to litigation or other challenge, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business. A substantial portion of our product sales is subject to significant discounts from list price, including rebates that we may be required to pay state Medicaid agencies and discounts provided to covered entities under 340B. Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid program at the federal or state level could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could substantially increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices we charge 340B-covered entities. In addition, the continued growth of the 340B program has had the unintended consequence of an increasingly out of scope percentage of sales at deeply discounted 340B prices due, in part, to pervasive violations of the program’s diversion and duplicate discount prohibitions. Detecting and remedying these program integrity violations is challenging. 20 In March 2022, we implemented a contract pharmacy integrity initiative for our branded hepatitis C virus (“HCV”) products. This integrity initiative does not involve any products from Asegua Therapeutics LLC. Our integrity initiative requires covered entities that enter into 340B bill to/ship to arrangements with contract pharmacies for our branded HCV products to provide claims level data for units dispensed from such contract pharmacies; covered entities without an in-house pharmacy that choose not to participate in the initiative can designate a single contract pharmacy for shipment. Certain manufacturers that have implemented other contract pharmacy integrity programs have received enforcement letters from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) asserting that those programs violate the 340B statute, have been referred to the HHS Office of Inspector General for assessment of civil monetary penalties, and have been subject to administrative dispute resolution proceedings brought on behalf of covered entities. Some of these manufacturers are challenging HHS’s position in litigation. The U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the District of Columbia Circuit have held that HHS’s enforcement actions are unlawful, and a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is pending. A growing number of states have also enacted laws requiring manufacturers to provide 340B pricing through contract pharmacy arrangements, and additional states may adopt similar laws; we believe these laws, which are being challenged in ongoing litigation, are invalid but we have carved out covered entities in certain states from our integrity initiative while litigation challenging these laws proceeds. We also believe that our integrity initiative complies with the requirements of the 340B statute. However, additional legal or legislative developments with respect to the 340B program, including potential litigation with HHS or other stakeholders, may negatively impact our ability to implement or continue our integrity initiative. In addition, standard reimbursement structures do not always adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. For example, CMS established a severity-adjusted diagnosis-related group (“DRG”) 018 for Medicare inpatient reimbursement of CAR T-cell products such as Yescarta and Tecartus. While the DRG has a significantly higher base payment amount than the prior DRG 016, the payment available may not be sufficient to reimburse some hospitals for their cost of care for patients receiving Yescarta and Tecartus. When reimbursement is not aligned well to account for treatment costs, Medicare beneficiaries may be denied access as this misalignment could impact the willingness of some hospitals to offer the therapy and of doctors to recommend the therapy. Additionally, in the EU, there are barriers to reimbursement in individual countries that could limit the uptake of Yescarta and Tecartus. Moreover, we estimate the rebates we will be required to pay in connection with sales during a particular quarter based on claims data from prior quarters. In the U.S., actual rebate claims are typically made by payers one to three quarters in arrears. Actual claims and payments may vary significantly from our estimates. We may experience adverse impacts resulting from the importation of our products from lower price markets or the distribution of illegally diverted or counterfeit versions of our products. Prices for our products are based on local market economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. Our sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can be imported and resold into those countries from lower price markets. For example, in January 2024, FDA authorized Florida’s proposed program to import prescription drugs from Canada, and U.S. sales may be adversely affected if Florida meets the additional requirements set by FDA in its authorization. We have entered into agreements with generic drug manufacturers as well as licensing agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool, a United Nations-backed public health organization, which allow generic drug manufacturers to manufacture generic versions of certain of our products for distribution in certain low- and middle-income countries. We may be adversely affected if any generic versions of our products, whether or not produced and/or distributed under these agreements, are exported to the U.S., the EU or markets with higher prices. In the EU, we are required to permit products purchased in one EU member state to be sold in another member state. Purchases of our products in member states where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in member states in which our selling prices are relatively high can affect the inventory level held by our wholesalers and can cause the relative sales levels in the various countries to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and not reflect the actual consumer demand in any given quarter. Additionally, diverted products may be used in countries where they have not been approved and patients may source the diverted products outside the legitimate supply chain. These diverted products may be handled, shipped and stored inappropriately, which may affect the quality and/or efficacy of the products and could harm patients and adversely impact us. We are also aware of the existence of various suppliers around the world that, without Gilead’s authorization, purport to source our products and generic versions of our products and sell them for use in countries where those products have not been approved. As a result, patients may be at risk of taking unapproved medications that may not be what they purport to be, may not have the potency they claim to have or may contain harmful substances, which could harm patients and adversely impact us. Further, third parties have illegally distributed and sold, and may continue to illegally distribute and sell, illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines, which do not meet the rigorous quality standards of our manufacturing and supply chain. For example, as part of a U.S. civil enforcement lawsuit, we seized thousands of bottles of Gilead-labeled medication with counterfeit supply chain documentation. Our investigation revealed th

=== GILD_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Moreover, some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. Product and Commercialization Risks Certain of our products subject us to additional or heightened risks. HIV We receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment and prevention of HIV infection. We may be unable to sustain or increase sales of our HIV products for any number of reasons, including market share gains by competitive products, including generics, or the inability to introduce new HIV medications necessary to remain competitive. In such case, we may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development (“R&D”) efforts. Cell Therapy Advancing a novel and personalized therapy, such as Yescarta or Tecartus, which are chimeric antigen receptor (“CAR”) T-cell therapies, creates significant challenges, including: • developing and maintaining a robust and reliable process for engineering a patient’s T cells in our facilities and infusing them back into the patient; • conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects; and • securing sufficient supply of other medications to manage side effects, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have detrimental impacts on the efficacy of cell therapy. In addition, future cell therapy products may be subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”), which is a drug safety program that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) may require for certain drugs. For example, until June 2025, Yescarta and Tecartus were subject to a REMS requirement to manage the risks of cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities, which required a certification process for hospitals and clinics that dispense the products. The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. For example, in January 2024, FDA instituted a class labeling change for all approved CAR T-cell therapies, including a “boxed warning” about the possible risk of secondary T-cell malignancies in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy. For challenges related to the reimbursement of Yescarta and Tecartus, see also “ Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates.” We rely on third-party sites to collect patients’ white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients’ white blood cells and ultimate delivery of Yescarta and Tecartus to patients. Disruptions or difficulties at these vendors could result in product loss and regulatory action. Apheresis centers may 32 also decline to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts. We also face risks related to our in-house CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facilities in California, Maryland and the Netherlands, spanning process development, vector manufacturing, clinical trial production and commercial product manufacturing. Quality, reliability and speed are critical in cell therapy manufacturing to quickly and safely deliver our cell therapies to patients. Any delays or quality issues with our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business and damage our reputation. In addition, we may not be able to sufficiently increase manufacturing network capacity to meet growing demand. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, including approval for earlier lines of therapy, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R&D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline as well as on preparations for potential commercial launch without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Such failures have had, and may have in the future, a negative impact on our business and financial results, including as a result of our inability to recover R&D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred in connection with the development of and launch preparations for our product candidates. For example, we enter into commitments to purchase materials and supplies in anticipation of the potential manufacture and sale of new product candidates, and if the development, approval or launch of these product candidates is delayed or otherwise unsuccessful, we may experience excess inventory that needs to be written down, losses on firm commitments to purchase inventory, or other related costs and expenses resulting from such commitments. Additionally, we face public attention and scrutiny related to the complex decisions we make concerning the pricing, global supply and distribution, allocation and intellectual property of our commercialized products as well as other factors that may contribute to patient access to our medicines, all of which may adversely affect our business and our corporate reputation. We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing p