=== RL_2025-06-20.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS You are cordially invited to join our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Thursday, July 31, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. Our Annual Meeting will be conducted exclusively online via live webcast. Your vote is very important. Whether you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting or not, please be sure to vote. Information concerning the matters to be considered and voted upon at the 2025 Annual Meeting is set out in the attached Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. DEAR STOCKHOLDERS: As we completed the third and final year of our Next Great Chapter: Accelerate strategic plan, Ralph Lauren delivered on all key commitments and is in a position of strength consumers across generations and cultures are connecting deeply with our iconic brand, timeless products and elevated experiences around the world. Our progress is rooted in our Purpose to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style which guides our teams every day to deliver with the kind of consistency and quality that consumers know and trust. This year, we made meaningful progress on our key drivers to deliver long-term sustainable growth and value creation. Key highlights include: Elevate and energize our brand: We drove desirability and influenced cultural moments with powerful lifestyle activations across platforms like Wimbledon, the Australian Open, the US Open and the Paris 2024 Summer Olympic Games along with our immersive fashion shows in New York City and the Hamptons and the premiere of our Very Ralph documentary in China. We also continued to deliver iconic dressing moments with celebrities like Zendaya, Selena Gomez, Hiroyuki Sanada, Jonathan Bailey and Ariana Grande. Drive the core and expand for more: We leveraged the breadth and strength of our portfolio of timeless core products that our consumers know and love like our polo shirts, caps, cable-knit sweaters, oxford shirts and tweed jackets and continued our strong performance in Men s while capturing opportunities in the high-potential growth categories of Women s Apparel, Outerwear and Handbags. Win in the market with our key city ecosystem: We returned to growth in all regions by focusing on delivering an elevated and consistent experience for consumers across all touchpoints in our key cities globally; celebrated our strategic expansion into markets such as San Francisco, Shenzhen, Edinburgh and Abu Dhabi; launched live shopping on Douyin and expanded our digital footprint globally; invited consumers to return to our reinvigorated Chicago flagship; and welcomed consumers into the World of Ralph Lauren with new hospitality openings across Asia, Europe and the Middle East. Our meaningful progress in such a complex operating environment speaks to the quality, excellence and agility of our teams all over the world. STRATEGIC GROWTH DRIVERS Elevate and Energize our Lifestyle Brand Drive the Core and Expand for More Win in Key Cities with our Consumer Ecosystem Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Chairman CEO Letter STRATEGIC GROWTH ENABLERS Our People and Our Culture Best-In-Class Digital Technology and Analytics Superior Operational Capabilities A Powerful Balance Sheet Leadership in Citizenship Sustainability Additionally, we continued to make investments in the enablers of our growth, including in areas like technology and artificial intelligence to optimize inventory management and further personalize experiences for our consumers; strengthening the resilience of the partners and resources that support our business; and above all investing in our outstanding teams who deliver Ralph s vision every day. In a complex global operating environment, we are in a position of strength. We have proven resilience in our business model and remain focused on the opportunities across our brands, categories, channels and geographies to deliver long-term growth and value creation for the years to come. Thank you for your support and interest in our Company. We look forward to connecting with you at our 2025 Annual Meeting. Ralph Lauren Patrice Louvet Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer President and Chief Executive Officer New York, New York June 20, 2025 ii Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders PURPOSE OF THE MEETING The 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Ralph Lauren Corporation, a Delaware corporation, will be held virtually via live webcast on Thursday, July 31, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RL2025 , or at any postponement or adjournment of the meeting, for the following purposes: 1 To elect 11 directors to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; 3 To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers and our compensation philosophy, policies, and practices as described herein; and 2 To ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP ( Ernst Young ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 28, 2026; 4 To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. The foregoing items of business are described more fully in the accompanying Proxy Statement. Only holders of record of the Company s Class A and Class B Common Stock at the close of business on June 3, 2025 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and any adjournments or postponements thereof. NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS We will be using the Securities and Exchange Commission s Notice and Access model, which allows us to make the proxy materials available on the Internet, as the primary means of furnishing proxy materials to stockholders. On or about June 20, 2025, we will mail to all stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, which contains instructions for accessing our proxy materials on the Internet and voting by telephone or on the Internet. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials also contains instructions for requesting a printed set of proxy materials. The Proxy Statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 29, 2025, and Notice of Annual Meeting are available at: http://investor.ralphlauren.com . The information on our investor relations or corporate websites is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and should not be considered part of this Proxy Statement. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Please vote promptly by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting by telephone or on the Internet by following the instructions on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. In the event that a stockholder decides to participate in the online meeting, such stockholder may, if so desired, revoke the proxy by voting those shares when joining the meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Avery S. Fischer Chief Legal Officer and Secretary New York, New York June 20, 2025 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This document contains, and oral statements made at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders and elsewhere from time to time by representatives of the Company may contain, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding our current expectations about the Company s future operating results and financial condition, the implementation and results of our strategic plans and initiatives, store openings and closings, capital expenses, our plans regarding our quarterly cash dividend and Class A common stock repurchase programs, our ability to meet citizenship and sustainability goals, and plans for future executive remuneration. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as aim, anticipate, outlook, estimate, ensure, commit, expect, project, believe, envision, goal, target, can, will, and similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, among others: the loss of key personnel, including Mr. Ralph Lauren, or other changes in our executive and senior management team or to our operating structure, including any potential changes resulting from the execution of our long-term growth strategy, and our ability to effectively transfer knowledge and maintain adequate controls and procedures during periods of transition; the impact to our business resulting from the potential imposition of additional tariffs, duties, or taxes, changes to existing trade agreements, and other charges or barriers to trade, including those recently announced by the U.S. and any responding retaliatory actions implemented by impacted countries, and any related impact to global stock markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and existing inflationary pressures, as well as our ability to implement mitigating sourcing strategies; the potential impact to our business resulting from inflationary pressures, including increases in the costs of raw materials, transportation, wages, healthcare, and other benefit-related costs; the impact of economic, political, and other conditions on us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, including potential business disruptions related to ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, most notably the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas wars, other recent hostilities in the Middle East, including between Israel and Iran, and militant attacks on cargo vessels in the Red Sea, civil and political unrest, diplomatic tensions between the U.S. and other countries, high interest rates, and bank failures, among other factors described herein; the impact to our business resulting from a recession or changes in consumers' ability, willingness, or preferences to purchase discretionary items and luxury retail products, which tends to decline during recessionary periods, and our ability to accurately forecast consumer demand, the failure of which could result in either a build-up or shortage of inventory; the potential impact to our business resulting from supply chain disruptions, including those caused by capacity constraints, closed factories and/or labor shortages (stemming from pandemic diseases, labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), man-made or natural disasters, scarcity of raw materials, port congestion, and scrutiny or detention of goods produced in certain territories resulting from laws, regulations, or trade restrictions, such as those imposed by the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ( UFLPA ) or the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act ( CAATSA ), which could result in shipment approval delays leading to inventory shortages and lost sales, as well as potential shipping delays, inventory shortages, and/or higher freight costs resulting from port strikes, the recent Red Sea crisis, and/or disruptions to major waterways such as the Suez and Panama canals; changes in our tax obligations and effective tax rate due to a variety of factors, including potential changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, accounting rules, or the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction in future periods that are not currently known or anticipated; our ability to effectively manage inventory levels and the increasing pressure on our margins in a highly promotional retail environment; our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations from both a transactional and translational perspective; our efforts to successfully enhance, upgrade, and/or transition our global information technology systems and digital commerce platforms; our ability and the ability of our third-party service providers to secure our respective facilities and systems from, among other things, cybersecurity breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, ransomware, or similar Internet or email events; our ability to recruit and retain qualified employees to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; our ability to successfully implement our long-term growth strategy; our ability to continue to expand and grow our business internationally and the impact of related changes in our customer, channel, and geographic sales mix as a result, as well as our ability to accelerate growth in certain product categories; our ability to open new retail stores and concession shops, as well as enhance and expand our digital footprint and capabilities, all in an effort to expand our direct-to-consumer presence; our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer demands in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and execute marketing and advertising programs that appeal to consumers; our ability to competitively price our products and create an acceptable value proposition for consumers; our ability to continue to maintain our brand image and reputation and protect our trademarks; our ability to achieve our goals regarding citizenship and sustainability practices, including those related to climate change, our human capital, and our supply chain, or if our stakeholders disagree with such goals; the potential impact to our business if any of our distribution centers were to become inoperable or inaccessible; the potential iv Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders impact to our business resulting from pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, including periods of reduced operating hours and capacity limits and/or temporary closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and vendors, and potential changes to consumer behavior, spending levels, and/or shopping preferences, such as willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations; the potential impact on our operations and on our suppliers and customers resulting from man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases, severe weather, geological events, and other catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks, military conflicts, and other hostilities; our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and cost reductions from our restructuring plans, as well as the impact to our business resulting from restructuring-related charges, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term; the impact to our business resulting from potential costs and obligations related to the early or temporary closure of our stores or termination of our long-term, non-cancellable leases; our ability to maintain adequate levels of liquidity to provide for our cash needs, including our debt obligations, tax obligations, capital expenditures, and potential payment of dividends and repurchases of our Class A common stock, as well as the ability of our customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders to access sources of liquidity to provide for their own cash needs; the potential impact to our business resulting from the financial difficulties of certain of our large wholesale customers, which may result in consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, and other ownership changes in the retail industry, as well as other changes in the competitive marketplace, including the introduction of new products or pricing changes by our competitors; our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments; a variety of legal, regulatory, tax, political, and economic risks, including risks related to the importation, exportation, and traceability and transparency of products which our operations are currently subject to, or may become subject to as a result of potential changes in legislation, and other risks associated with our international operations, such as compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or violations of other anti-bribery and corruption laws prohibiting improper payments, and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including tax laws, trade and labor restrictions, and related laws that may reduce the flexibility of our business; the potential impact to the trading prices of our securities if our operating results, Class A common stock share repurchase activity, and/or cash dividend payments differ from investors' expectations; our ability to maintain our credit profile and ratings within the financial community; our intention to introduce new products or brands, or enter into or renew alliances; changes in the business of, and our relationships with, major wholesale customers and licensing partners; and our ability to make strategic acquisitions and successfully integrate the acquired businesses into our existing operations; and other risk factors identified in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and judgments and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are unforeseeable and beyond our control. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION REFERENCES In this document, we refer to Ralph Lauren Corporation as the Company, we, us or our. Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to March 31. All references to Fiscal 2027 represent the fiscal year ending April 3, 2027. All references to Fiscal 2026 represent the fiscal year ending March 28, 2026. All references to Fiscal 2025 represent the fiscal year ended March 29, 2025. All references to Fiscal 2024 represent the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024. All references to Fiscal 2023 represent the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. All references to Fiscal 2022 represent the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022. All references to Fiscal 2021 represent the fiscal year ended March 27, 2021. All references to Fiscal 2020 represent the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020. All references to Fiscal 2018 represent the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. NON-U.S. GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES The Company uses non-U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) financial measures, among other things, to evaluate its operating performance and in order to represent the manner in which the Company conducts and views its business. In addition, as discussed in the Executive Compensation Matters section of the Proxy Statement, the Talent, Culture Total Rewards Committee uses non-U.S. GAAP measures to set and certify the achievement of certain performance-based compensation goals. The Company believes that excluding items that are not comparable from period to period helps investors and others compare operating performance between two periods. While the Company considers the non-U.S. GAAP measures useful in analyzing its results, they are not intended to replace, nor act as a substitute for, any presentation included in the consolidated financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and may be different from non-U.S. GAAP measures reported by other companies. See Appendix B to the Proxy Statement for reconciliation between the non-U.S. GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement v TABLE OF CONTENTS Contents LEADERSHIP LETTER i NOTICE OF 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS iii SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS iv PROXY SUMMARY 1 PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 12 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 14 Class A Director Nominees For Election 16 Class B Director Nominees For Election 18 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 23 Overview of Corporate Governance 23 Company Leadership Structure 30 Director Independence and Non-Management Director Meetings 32 Meetings and Director Attendance 32 Independent Committees of the Board of Directors 33 Board of Directors Effectiveness 35 Board of Directors Oversight of Risk 38 Overview of Citizenship Sustainability Risk Oversight 39 Analysis of Risks Arising from Compensation Policies and Programs 40 Director Nomination Procedures 41 Global Citizenship and Sustainability 44 Director Communications 47 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 48 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 50 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 53 vi Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 54 Stock Ownership Guidelines 54 Director Compensation Table 55 Director Equity Table 56 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 58 Named Executive Officers 58 Executive Summary 59 Stockholder Feedback and The Talent Committee Response 65 Executive Compensation Governance 67 Key Components of Executive Compensation 72 All Other Compensation 79 Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines 80 Related Considerations 81 Talent Committee Report 83 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION MATTERS 84 Summary Compensation Table 84 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 86 Executive Employment Agreements and Compensatory Arrangements 87 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 90 Stock Vested 92 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 93 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 93 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control Tables 99 Pay Ratio Disclosure 102 Pay Versus Performance 104 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, TRANSACTIONS, AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 109 Registration Rights Agreement 110 Other Agreements, Transactions, and Relationships 110 Legal Proceedings Involving Directors and Executive Officers 111 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 113 PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 116 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING 117 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement vii TABLE OF CONTENTS Contents ADDITIONAL MATTERS 121 Proxy Procedure and Expenses of Solicitation 121 Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 121 Delivery of Stockholders Materials and Householding 122 Other Business 122 APPENDIX A: RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION DEFINITION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 123 APPENDIX B: RECONCILIATION OF CERTAIN NON-U.S. GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 125 viii Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. For more complete information about these topics, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2025 and this entire Proxy Statement. We are mailing the Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement (or, for those who request it, a hard copy of this Proxy Statement and the enclosed form of proxy) to our stockholders on or about June 20, 2025. ABOUT RALPH LAUREN Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE: RL) is a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of luxury lifestyle products in five categories: apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality. For nearly 60 years, Ralph Lauren has sought to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. Its reputation and distinctive image have been developed across a wide range of products, brands, distribution channels and international markets. The Company s brand names which include Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children and Chaps, among others constitute one of the world s most widely recognized families of consumer brands. For more information, go to http://investor.ralphlauren.com. SOLICITATION This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the Board ) of the Company, for use in connection with the Annual Meeting of the Company s Stockholders to be held on July 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Meeting ). This Proxy Statement, the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting, proxy card, and the Company s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, or alternatively a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ), will be mailed to stockholders on or about June 20, 2025. The Board is soliciting your proxy in an effort to give all stockholders of record the opportunity to vote on matters that will be presented at the 2025 Annual Meeting. This Proxy Statement provides you with information on these matters to assist you in voting your shares. MEETING DATE July 31, 2025 MEETING TIME 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time MEETING LOCATION Held virtually online via live webcast at www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/RL2025 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary VIRTUAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING The 2025 Annual Meeting will be conducted exclusively online via live webcast, allowing all of our stockholders the option to participate in the live, online meeting from any location convenient to them, providing stockholder access to our Board and management and enhancing participation. Stockholders at the close of business on June 3, 2025 will be allowed to communicate with us and ask questions in our virtual stockholder meeting forum before and during the meeting. All directors and key executive officers are expected to participate in the meeting, and we are committed to acknowledging each question we receive. For further information on the virtual meeting, please see the Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting section on page 117 . 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Thursday, July 31, 2025 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Held virtually online via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RL2025 Record Date: Close of business on June 3, 2025, (the Record Date ). Participating in the Annual Meeting: We invite you to join the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting or Meeting ) online via live webcast. There will not be a physical meeting in New York City. You will be able to participate in the virtual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions during the Meeting by visiting: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ RL2025 (the Annual Meeting Website ). Prior to the meeting, you may vote your shares and submit pre-meeting questions online by visiting www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions on your proxy card. Please note that stockholders will need their unique control number which appears on their Notice of Internet Availability, the proxy card (printed in the box and marked by the arrow), and the instructions that accompanied the proxy materials in order to access these sites. Beneficial stockholders who do not have a control number may gain access to the meeting by logging into their broker, brokerage firm, bank, or other nominee s website and selecting the stockholder communications mailbox to link through to the Meeting. Instructions should also be provided on the voting instruction card provided by your broker, bank, or other nominee. Virtual Meeting Highlights: All of our stockholders will be able to hear directly from Mr. Ralph Lauren, our Founder and Executive Chairman, Mr. Patrice Louvet, our President and CEO, and others, regardless of location. To ensure access, all validated stockholders may submit questions in advance, beginning on June 20, 2025, by visiting www.proxyvote.com , and may submit questions during the Meeting by visiting the Annual Meeting Website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ RL2025 . All relevant questions received in accordance with the Meeting s Rules of Conduct (available on the Annual Meeting Website) during the course of the Meeting or solicited in advance, as well as the Company s responses, will be posted on http://investor.ralphlauren.com soon after the 2025 Annual Meeting. Stockholders will be able to review the Rules of Conduct and other Meeting materials on the 2025 Annual Meeting Website. An audio replay of the 2025 Annual Meeting will be available on http://investor.ralphlauren.com until the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 2 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Voting: Only holders of record of the Company s Class A and Class B Common Stock at the close of business on June 3, 2025 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2025 Annual Meeting, or at any adjournments or postponements thereof. Please authorize a proxy to vote your shares as soon as possible. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock, your broker will NOT be able to vote your shares with respect to any of the matters presented at the Meeting other than the ratification of the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm, unless you give your broker specific voting instructions. You do not need to participate in the 2025 Annual Meeting webcast to vote if you submitted your proxy in advance of the 2025 Annual Meeting. See the Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting section on page 117 of this Proxy Statement for more information. MATTERS TO BE VOTED ON Item for Business Board Recommendation Further Details 1. Election of 11 Directors FOR ALL Page 14 2. Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm FOR Page 113 3. Advisory vote on executive compensation FOR Page 116 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary DIRECTOR NOMINEES The below table shows prior year committee composition that will be rotated and updated effective after the 2025 Annual Meeting. Name Occupation Age Director Since Independent Other Current Public Company Directorships Committees 1 A T N F Class A Directors Angela Ahrendts 2 Formerly Senior Vice President, Retail Apple, Inc. 65 2018 2 Linda Findley President and Chief Executive Officer Sleep Number Corporation 52 2018 2 Darren Walker President Ford Foundation 65 2020 1 Class B Directors Ralph Lauren Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer 85 1997 0 Patrice Louvet President and Chief Executive Officer 60 2017 1 David Lauren Chief Branding and Innovation Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board 53 2013 0 Frank A. Bennack, Jr. Executive Vice Chairman and Chairman of the Executive Committee The Hearst Corporation 92 1998 0 Debra Cupp President, North America Microsoft, Inc. 54 2022 0 Michael A. George Formerly President and Chief Executive Officer Qurate Retail, Inc. 63 2018 1 Valerie Jarrett Chief Executive Officer The Barack Obama Foundation 68 2020 1 Wei Zhang Former President Alibaba Pictures Group 55 2022 1 1. A refers to the Audit Committee of the Board (the Audit Committee ), T refers to the Talent, Culture Total Rewards Committee of the Board (the Talent Committee ), N refers to the Nominating, Governance, Citizenship Sustainability Committee of the Board (the Nominating Committee ), and F refers to the Finance Committee of the Board (the Finance Committee ). 2. With Mr. Joly not standing for re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting, Ms. Ahrendts will be nominated for the first time as a Class A Director and Lead Independent Director. Upon her appointment as Lead Independent Director following the 2025 Annual Meeting, Ms. Ahrendts will be invited to attend all Committee meetings. Chair Member 4 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary DIRECTOR NOMINEES HIGHLIGHTS As presented in the chart below, we believe our Board nominees offer a broad range of key skills and experiences to provide effective oversight of the Company and create long-term sustainable growth for our Company through successful execution of the Company s strategic plan. Below is a high-level summary which highlights certain of the Board nominees skills, qualifications and experiences and is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each director nominee s contributions to the Board. A diversity matrix is also provided. BALANCED MIX OF SKILLS, QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Name Angela Ahrendts Frank A. Bennack, Jr. Debra Cupp Linda Findley Michael A. George Valerie Jarrett David Lauren Ralph Lauren Patrice Louvet Darren Walker Wei Zhang Attributes/Experiences CEO 1 International Experience Additional Public Company Executive Retail/Consumer Products E-commerce/Digital/ Technology Data protection/Cyber/IT Finance/Capital Allocation Consumer Insights/ Marketing/Sales Policy/Regulatory/Governance Diversity Race/Ethnicity Gender Nationality Sexual Orientation 1 Current or former CEO or President experience, public, private and non-profit Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 2025 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS FISCAL 2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS At Ralph Lauren Corporation, we are consistently working to bring to life our Purpose of Inspiring the dream of a better life, through authenticity and timeless style and creating long-term sustainable value for all our stakeholders (including our employees, consumers, stockholders, partners/suppliers and communities we live and operate in). We delivered against our multi-year, Next Great Chapter: Accelerate plan ( Strategic Plan ) in its third and final year, which focuses on three key pillars: Elevate and Energize our Lifestyle Brand, Drive the Core and Expand for More, and Win in Key Cities with our Consumer Ecosystem. We did this while continuing to manage through a highly dynamic global operating environment by harnessing the power of our iconic brand as we elevated our positioning, expanded across geographies and demographics and cut through culture across fashion, celebrity, sports, gaming and music moments. At the same time, our teams continue to operate with discipline, agility and strength through multiple headwinds in the broader environment, including tariffs, inflationary pressures, and other consumer spending-related headwinds, global supply chain disruptions, and foreign currency volatility, among other factors. These efforts led to strong financial performance in Fiscal 2025, exceeding our expectations. We reported growth across our key financial results, including Total Company Revenue and Adjusted Operating Income growth compared to the prior year. This was a result of our team s exceptional execution and our sustainable and resilient strategy, with multiple drivers for long-term growth and value creation. Results of our Strategic Plan included: Elevate and Energize Our Lifestyle Brand Delivered sustainable growth in new customer acquisition and loyalty with 5.9 million new consumers in our direct-to-consumer channels and accelerated net promoter scores led by younger, higher value and less price-sensitive cohorts Created and invested in powerful key brand moments to drive authentic connections with consumers around the world, notably: our 2024 Paris Olympics campaign as official outfitter of Team USA; our dynamic annual sponsorships of the US Open, Wimbledon and Australian Open Tennis Championships; the launch of our Very Ralph documentary in Shanghai; and our Spring 2025 World of Ralph Lauren fashion show, inspired by the natural beauty and quiet sophistication of coastal living in the Hamptons 6 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary FISCAL 2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS - CONTINUED Drive the Core and Expand for More Increased average unit retail by 9% across our direct-to-consumer network in Fiscal 2025, on top of an 11% increase last year, reflecting the durability of our multi-pronged elevation approach, our growing brand desirability and strong full-price selling trends Drove continued momentum in our Core business, which grew low double-digits to last year, along with our high-potential categories (Women's Apparel, Outerwear and Handbags), which increased mid-teens to last year in constant currency. Growth in both Core and our high-potential categories outpaced total Company growth Product highlights included: our Artist in Residence collections; the launch of our newest fragrance Polo 67, inspired by the world of sports with a global campaign featuring New York Yankees captain Aaron Judge; our limited-edition Polo ID collaboration with Mr. Bags in China; and our Ralph Lauren Pink Pony collection, supporting our longstanding commitment to cancer care Win in Key Cities with Our Consumer Ecosystem By region, revenue growth was led by Europe, up 11% on both a reported and constant currency basis to last year. Asia grew 9% on a reported basis and 12% in constant currency to last year, with China delivering high-teens growth in both reported and constant dollars. North America returned to growth, up 3% on a reported basis and 4% in constant currency, with continued momentum in our direct-to-consumer channels while our wholesale business improved sequentially from the prior year Continued to expand and scale our key city ecosystems, including: new stores at Jackson Street in San Francisco, Shenzhen MixC World, Hong Kong Pacific Place, and Beijing China World Mall; our renovated World of Ralph Lauren store on Chicago's Michigan Avenue, including our iconic RL restaurant and our first Ralph's Coffee shop in the Midwest; and our Ralph Lauren Collection women's shop in Harrods London, one of our most elevated spaces to date In addition, our business is supported by our fortress foundation, which we define through our five key enablers, including: our people and culture, best-in-class digital technology and analytics, superior operational capabilities, a powerful balance sheet, and leadership in citizenship and sustainability. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN ( TSR ) PERFORMANCE Our TSR for recent periods, relative to our Fiscal 2025 PSU Comparator Group detailed on page 77 and the S P 500, is set forth below. TSR is based on stock price appreciation, plus dividends reinvested, with starting and ending share prices based on average closing stock prices for the 20 trading days ending immediately prior to the beginning and end of the performance period. We had very strong TSR results in all three periods, with 1-year Fiscal 2025, 3-year Fiscal 2023-2025, and 5-year Fiscal 2021-2025 substantially outperforming the PSU Comparator Group and S P 500 Index. COMPENSATION OBJECTIVES, PRINCIPLES, AND PRACTICES The key components of our executive compensation program for our named executive officers ( NEOs ) consist of base salary, annual cash incentive, and long-term equity-based incentive opportunities. Our compensation plans are designed to link pay and performance, reward sustained business growth and results, and drive stockholder value. A majority of each NEO s compensation is variable in the form of annual cash incentive and long-term equity-based awards. Aligned with our Strategic Plan and based on the feedback received from our stockholders in Fiscal 2024 and following review and discussion with management and our independent consultants, and the Talent Committee, we included key financial measures in both our short- and long-term incentive compensation plans in Fiscal 2025. Key takeaways impacting executive compensation for Fiscal 2025 are: Overall, our key financial results for Fiscal 2025 were strong with Total Company Revenue and Adjusted Operating Profit Margin each significantly exceeding the target set. Each of these measures were weighted 40% in the short-term incentive plan. $7,145.1M Total Company Revenue 14.3% Adjusted Operating Profit Margin Total Company Revenue was $7,145.1 million on a constant dollar basis, or 105% of target, $513.7 million greater than Fiscal 2024 results of $6,631.4 million on a reported dollar basis. Adjusted Operating Profit Margin was 14.3% on a constant dollar basis, or 107.4% of target, greater than Fiscal 2024 results of 12.5% on a reported dollar basis. 8 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary For Fiscal 2025 short-term incentives, we included a strategic growth accelerators revenue metric, which consisted of revenue from our Women s Apparel, Outerwear, and Handbags Small Leather Goods products based on the percentage growth over the prior year period ( Strategic Growth Accelerators Revenue ), which was weighted 10%, to spotlight our high-potential growth areas and a Total Company selling, general and administrative expense excluding marketing advertising expense as a percent of total revenue ( Adjusted SG A Expense ), which was weighted 10%, with the focus on operational excellence. Strategic Growth Accelerators Revenue results were 15.4% greater than Fiscal 2024 results and above target and the results of the Adjusted SG A Expense metric were slightly below target. We maintained citizenship and sustainability metrics in the form of a scorecard as our strategic goal modifier to our Fiscal 2025 short-term incentive plan to support our commitment to create positive social and environmental impacts across our Company, our industry and society. We met or exceeded the strategic goal modifier targets and as a result the Talent Committee determined that a 10% upward adjustment would be made to the bonus payout under the short-term incentive plan. In Fiscal 2025, our financial results were significantly above target. These results combined with above target results of the Strategic Growth Accelerators Revenue and the near target results of Adjusted SG A Expense resulted in maximum payouts of 200% of target for our NEOs in our short-term incentive plan. Our strong results would have calculated to a 204.6% payout as a percent of target but we cap our NEOs at 200%. We significantly outperformed the companies in the PSU Comparator Group with regard to three-year relative Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) resulting in above target payouts for our Performance Share Units ( PSUs ) based on three-year TSR for Fiscal 2023-2025. The results for PSUs based on cumulative three-year Adjusted Return on Invested Capital ( Adjusted ROIC ) for Fiscal 2023-2025 were significantly above target, resulting in payouts of 200% of target for these PSUs. GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS We have in place a comprehensive corporate governance framework which incorporates and, in certain areas, exceeds the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd-Frank Act ). We do not rely on exemptions from certain of the NYSE s corporate governance requirements available to us as a controlled company. In keeping with good corporate governance practices, we maintain a majority of independent directors, and each of our Board Committees are comprised solely of independent directors as required by the NYSE for non-controlled companies. Lead Independent Director Robust responsibilities continuously evaluated for alignment with best practices Independence 73% independent Board, as defined in the listing rules of the NYSE, and which exceeds the NYSE listing rules requirement of majority independent directors; fully independent Board Committees Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Board Leadership Separate Chairman and CEO roles Annual Elections All directors are elected annually Stock Ownership Director and executive stock ownership/holding requirements Stockholder Engagement Longstanding commitment to significant stockholder outreach, conducted on an ongoing basis and at least once annually, with the presence of the Lead Independent Director upon stockholder request, which directly informs corporate policies and practices Accountability to Stockholders Various annual measures in support of stockholder feedback, including: annual election of directors with Class A stockholders solely electing the three Class A directors, annual stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation, and the ability of stockholders to remove directors with or without cause Board Evolution and Succession Planning Continued commitment to proactive and ongoing Board evolution, including rotation of Committee Chairs at least every five years and ongoing assessment of each Board member s skills and experience for alignment with strategic priorities and risks and to ensure appropriate mix of skills, expertise, and backgrounds on the Board, which resulted in one long-tenured director not standing for re-election at the upcoming 2025 Annual Meeting, and the size of the Board will be reduced to 11 members Annual Review of Dual-Class Structure The Board s independent Nominating Committee annually reviews our dual-class structure to align with stockholder interests and feedback Citizenship Sustainability Oversight of citizenship and sustainability matters by the Nominating, Governance, Citizenship Sustainability Committee (the Nominating Committee ) with quarterly reviews, and annual Global Citizenship Sustainability Report covering Fiscal 2025 expected to be released in September 2025 Talent Culture Oversight of our human capital talent development, Belonging and Equity ( BE ) strategy, and corporate culture initiatives by the Talent, Culture Total Rewards Committee (the Talent Committee ) including regular talent reviews and executive succession planning Strategy Engagement Prioritized independent director access to management with deep focus on strategy and engagement with additional special strategic meetings, including (i) special meetings of the Finance Committee to oversee strategic priorities and growth drivers including our Strategic Plan, the fiscal year plan and long range plan; (ii) a dedicated Board effectiveness review held in executive session led by the Lead Independent Director, (iii) a third-party independent consultant Board effectiveness review every three years; and (iv) quarterly review and analysis of enterprise risk management Education Expanded the Board education program with external workshops and trainings, and created an online Director Education Portal for internal Ralph Lauren classes on the Company and our business Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy Policy prohibiting all directors, officers and employees from pledging, hedging or short selling Company stock Special Strategic Meetings Ecosystem Emersion Tours To ensure that the strength of our global business endures over the long-term, the Board and Committees convene additional special strategic meetings throughout the fiscal year to provide management with oversight, input, and guidance regarding various matters, including emerging risks, our fiscal year and long range plans, progress of our corporate strategy including the implementation of new strategic growth drivers as part of our Strategic Plan, and ecosystem emersion tours with on-location review of our regional key city ecosystems to engage directly with our strategy and consumer experience, most recently in North America and Europe STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT In Fiscal 2025, we continued our ongoing stockholder outreach efforts as we believe the input of our stockholders is an important driver in establishing our corporate governance, compensation, and citizenship and sustainability practices. In Fiscal 2025, the Company contacted stockholders representing over 70% of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, including 100% of our top 25 stockholders, and held meetings with all stockholders that accepted our invitation representing approximately 30% of our Class A Common Stock outstanding. Our Lead Independent Director participated in the majority of such meetings last year. Additionally, we conduct business focused engagement calls throughout the year on the Company s Strategic Plan and financial performance with existing and prospective stockholders. 10 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary On August 1, 2024, at our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Darren Walker, a Class A director, received under 50% of the total Class A votes cast. Based on our stockholder engagement in both Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2025, the Company has strong reason to believe that the withheld votes for Mr. Walker, who is a highly valued member of our Board and Nominating Committee, are substantially the result of stockholder views regarding our dual-class capital structure and not due to any specific objection to Mr. Walker or his capabilities as a director. Since Mr. Walker was the only Class A director that was also a member of the Nominating Committee, the Company believes that these stockholder concerns on our dual-class structure were directed at Mr. Walker. In our Fiscal 2025 engagements, we discussed our dual-class structure with our investors in response our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders vote results, including the Company s long-term track record of success under the current structure which has been in place since the Company s initial public offering. We also discussed Mr. R. Lauren s ongoing stewardship and loyalty to the Company and the stability he provides (which factors are discussed in more detail below in the Corporate Governance Overview of Corporate Governance section), and a review of the substantial and prohibitive costs to the Company of unwinding the dual-class structure based on our review and analysis of similar precedent transactions. During these discussions, certain of our investors indicated that they understood the benefits of maintaining our dual-class structure and voiced concern regarding the prohibitive costs of unwinding it. Subsequent to the 2024 voting result, the Board and Nominating Committee evaluated the reason for the voting result, Mr. Walker s productivity, contributions and value to the Board, and considered his skill set and experience, and confirmed its unanimous support for his continued Board service. Following those engagements and considering investor feedback, the Board s independent Nominating Committee reviewed both our dual-class structure in response to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders results and Mr. Walker s continued service on our Board. In addition, the Nominating Committee considered the full voting record for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which reflected significant support for Mr. Walker, including that five of our top 10 stockholders voted for Mr. Walker s re-election, and the remainder expressing that their withhold votes for Mr. Walker were due primarily to our dual-class structure and not due to his personal performance. Following its review, the Nominating Committee recommended that the Company maintain its existing capital structure in consideration of the relevant benefits and costs of unwinding and re-nominated Mr. Walker for election as a director at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in light of his capabilities as a board member and valuable contributions to the Board. Our independent Nominating Committees reviews our corporate governance, including our dual-class structure, annually to align with stockholder interests and feedback. GLOBAL CITIZENSHIP SUSTAINABILITY The Company s Purpose to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style guides everything we do. Since our founding nearly 60 years ago, we have created iconic products that are timeless that are intended to be worn, loved and passed on through generations. Our Global Citizenship Sustainability strategy, Timeless by Design , is grounded in this philosophy and how we weave our Purpose throughout our business. We bring this to life through three pillars of our strategy: Create with Intent Grounded in our enduring philosophy of timelessness, we are reimagining what and how we create and the stories we tell through our products. This includes our work to embed inclusivity and incorporate circular principles into our design processes, intended to enable our products to live on from generation to generation. Protect the Environment We are continuing to shift toward lower impact resource in our business practices, in line with our commitments to be better stewards of our environment for future generations. In addition to creating products more responsibly, we are transitioning to using more renewable energy, diverting waste, reducing pollution from manufacturing, and enhancing water use efficiency and management in priority geographies. Champion Better Lives Shaping a business that is timeless and has a positive impact for years to come means building relationships that stand the test of time and focusing on causes and actions that simultaneously benefit our communities, our teams, and our Company. That s why we re committed to working to help people thrive today and build a brighter future for tomorrow. Please see page 44 for more information. Our most recently published Global Citizenship Sustainability Report covering Fiscal 2024 may be found on our corporate website at https://corporate.ralphlauren.com/citizenship-and-sustainability. Our Global Citizenship Sustainability Report covering Fiscal 2025 is expected to be released in September 2025. We regularly conduct materiality assessments to help identify and prioritize the citizenship and sustainability issues, risks and opportunities that matter most to our business and stakeholders. Our most recent assessment was conducted in Fiscal 2025. The information contained in or linked to or from our Global Citizenship Sustainability Report and on our corporate website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and should not be considered part of this Proxy Statement. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders General Information Regarding the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Materials This Proxy Statement is furnished to the stockholders of Ralph Lauren Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in connection with the solicitation by its Board of Directors of proxies for its 2025 Annual Meeting to be held exclusively online via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/RL2025 on Thursday, July 31, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time or at any adjournments or postponements thereof. A proxy delivered pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person executing the proxy at any time before it is voted by giving written notice to our Secretary, by delivering a later dated proxy, or by voting online during the 2025 Annual Meeting. The address of our principal executive offices is 650 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. This Proxy Statement, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 29, 2025, and the Notice of Annual Meeting will be made available to our stockholders on our website, http://investor.ralphlauren.com , on or about June 20, 2025, and a full printed set of the proxy materials will be made available on request. 12 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1: Election of Directors Our Board is presently divided into two classes, with all directors being elected annually. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, three Class A Directors will be elected by the holders of Class A Common Stock and eight Class B Directors will be elected by the holders of Class B Common Stock, each to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. In recent years, the Board has undergone significant evolution, resulting in broadened diversity of backgrounds, skills and experiences, in a lower average tenure, and younger average age. Over that period, a number of directors joined the Board with key experiences and attributes, such as individuals with experience in digital, technology and artificial intelligence, entertainment, international sales and operations, corporate citizenship, sustainability, regulatory governance, government affairs, and finance. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, as part of our long-standing Board evolution and succession planning, one of our long-tenured directors, Hubert Joly, will not be standing for re-election, and the size of our Board will be reduced to 11 members. Our independent directors have appointed Angela Ahrendts to serve as the Company s new Lead Independent Director following the 2025 Annual Meeting as detailed below, and a Class A Director for the first time. Angela Ahrendts, Linda Findley, and Darren Walker have been nominated for election as Class A Directors. Ralph Lauren, Patrice Louvet, David Lauren, Frank A. Bennack, Jr., Debra Cupp, Michael A. George, Valerie Jarrett, and Wei Zhang have been nominated for election as Class B Directors. In Fiscal 2017, we appointed our first formal Lead Independent Director to provide strong, independent leadership for the Board and serve as a liaison between our Board and management. The Board most recently updated the Lead Independent Director responsibilities in Fiscal 2023 to expand the role to include, among other things, leading the annual performance evaluation of the Board, leading the annual performance review of the CEO, reviewing with the Board succession planning for the CEO and other key management positions, and playing an increased role in crisis management oversight. This role is consistent with good governance practices for lead independent directors and positively impacts the Board s operations, oversight and decision-making. In Fiscal 2026, the Board approved the appointment of Angela Ahrendts, the Chair of our Finance Committee, to serve as the new Lead Independent Director, and a Class A Director for the first time, effective following Ms. Ahrendts s election as a director at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Ms. Ahrendts brings extensive experience and proven leadership to the role as a director for seven years on our Board and current Chair of our Finance Committee. We anticipate Ms. Ahrendts will regularly join each Committee meeting in her role as Lead Independent Director. For more information on the directors, please see Director Nominees on page 4 , Board of Directors Effectiveness on page 35 , and Director Nomination Procedures on page 41 . VOTING RECOMMENDATION Our Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee as a director to hold office until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her successor is elected qualified. 14 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 We know of no reason why any nominee would be unable or unwilling to serve. If any nominee becomes unable or unwilling to serve for any reason, our Board, based on the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, may either reduce the number of directors or designate a substitute nominee. If a substitute nominee is designated, the persons named in the enclosed proxy will vote all proxies that would otherwise be voted for the named nominee or nominees for the election of such substitute nominee or nominees. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 CLASS A DIRECTOR NOMINEES FOR ELECTION Angela Ahrendts AGE: 65 Ms. Ahrendts has been a director of the Company since August 2018. She most recently served as the Senior Vice President, Retail of Apple Inc. ( Apple ) from May 2014 through April 2019. Prior to Apple, Ms. Ahrendts joined Burberry Group plc in January 2006 where she served as a director and Chief Executive Officer beginning in July 2006. She also previously served as Executive Vice President at Liz Claiborne, Inc., as President of Donna Karan International, Inc., and as a member of the United Kingdom s Prime Minister s Business Advisory Council. Ms. Ahrendts currently serves on the board of directors of Airbnb, Inc. and WPP plc (where she is the Senior Independent Director), each a public company, and is Senior Operating Adviser at SKKY Partners. She is also on the non-profit Boards of charity: water, The HOW Institute for Society.; and a member of Paul Polman s Imagine CEO Circle. In January 2021 she became Chair of the Board, Save the Children International. Angela is also a member of the Global Leadership Council of the Oxford University Sa d Business School and the BritishAmerican Business Advisory Board. Ms. Ahrendts holds a Bachelor of Arts from Ball State University. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Ahrendts brings to our Board substantial business and leadership experience. Her most recent position as Apple s Senior Vice President, Retail and Online Stores, and her prior positions at multiple major fashion and apparel companies, such as Burberry, a luxury fashion company, Liz Claiborne, and Donna Karan, give her extensive experience with strategy, real estate and development, operations of physical stores, online stores and contact centers, as well as profound insights into the opportunities and challenges facing our industry. Her extensive background in guiding the retail strategy of renowned international brands, as well as her proven leadership track record in driving successful brand and business transformations, enable her to provide our Board with critical perspective and insight on business, operational, and strategic issues facing the Company. 16 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Linda Findley AGE: 52 Ms. Findley has been a director of the Company since August 2018. Ms. Findley has served as the President Chief Executive Officer of Sleep Number Corporation since April 2025. She previously served as President, Chief Executive Officer of Blue Apron Holdings, Inc. ( Blue Apron ) from April 2019 until May 2024. Prior to that, she served as COO of Etsy, Inc. ( Etsy ), where she oversaw product, design, marketing, and customer engagement and acquisition. Prior to Etsy, Ms. Findley was COO of Evernote, where she oversaw worldwide operations and led cross-functional teams in offices across 10 countries. Previously, she was based out of Hong Kong and led global marketing, business development, and customer service for Alibaba. com. She has also held leadership positions in communications firms including Fleishman-Hillard, Text 100, and Schwartz Communications. Ms. Findley holds a Master s degree in Journalism from UNC-Chapel Hill and an undergraduate degree in Corporate Communications from Elon University. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Findley brings to our Board more than 25 years of experience in operations, international marketing, business development, public relations, and customer service. As President and CEO of Sleep Number Corporation, she is responsible for the operations management, organizational transformation, marketing strategy and global expansion of the business. As prior President and CEO of Blue Apron, she was responsible for the corporate strategy and operations of the business. As COO of Etsy, she oversaw all revenue generating and go to market activities including product management, marketing, design, international expansion, and branding/communications. As COO of Evernote, she oversaw worldwide operations that drove revenue and global growth and led cross-functional teams in offices across 10 countries. With a strong emphasis on global growth, Ms. Findley s work at Etsy included growth across North America, Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin America, and Russia. She drives strategies and programs that balance global efficiency with local teams. These programs drove both user-growth and monetization strategies, as well as scalable customer experience management to maintain brand and positive user engagement. Darren Walker AGE: 65 Mr. Walker has been a director of the Company since July 2020. Mr. Walker has served since 2013 as president of the Ford Foundation ( Ford ), one of the world s largest foundations with an endowment of $16 billion. He is also the co-founder and chair of the US Impact Investing Alliance, and serves as a member of the board of directors of PepsiCo, Inc., a public company, Bloomberg, L.P., and National Gallery of Art, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Friends of the High Line, and Friends of Art Preservation in Embassies. Before joining Ford, Mr. Walker was vice president at the Rockefeller Foundation, overseeing global and domestic programs, and COO of the Abyssinian Development Corporation Harlem s largest community development organization. Earlier, he had a decade-long career in finance at UBS and with the law firm Cleary Gottlieb Steen Hamilton. Mr. Walker holds a Bachelor of Arts, a Bachelor of Science, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Texas at Austin. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Walker brings to our Board insight into the role of business in society gained through his role as President of Ford and leadership in many nonprofit and philanthropic organizations. Through his experience with an international network of diverse social and community initiatives, he provides the Board with a unique perspective on human capital management and talent development and insights on sustainability and public policy matters that are particularly valuable as the Company continues to focus on its sustainability and people and culture goals. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 CLASS B DIRECTOR NOMINEES FOR ELECTION Ralph Lauren AGE: 85 Mr. R. Lauren founded our business in 1967 and, for over five decades, has cultivated the iconography of America into a global lifestyle brand. He is currently our Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer and has been a director of the Company since prior to our initial public offering in 1997. He had previously been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since prior to our initial public offering in 1997 until November 2015. In addition, he was previously a member of our Advisory Board or the Board of Directors of our predecessors since their organization. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. R. Lauren is an internationally recognized fashion designer. His unique role as our Founder and Chief Creative Officer, as well as his experience as our previous Chief Executive Officer, provides our Board with valuable leadership, including in the areas of design, brand management, and marketing. Mr. R. Lauren s contributions to us since the founding of our business have been instrumental in defining our image and direction. As one of the world s most innovative design leaders and a fashion icon, his career has spanned over five decades that have resulted in numerous unique tributes for his role within the fashion industry. He is uniquely qualified to bring strategic insight, experience, and in-depth knowledge of our business and the fashion industry to the Board. Patrice Louvet AGE: 60 Mr. Louvet has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company since July 2017. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the Group President, Global Beauty, of Procter Gamble Co. ( P G ) since February 2015. Prior to that role, Mr. Louvet held successively senior leadership positions at P G, including the roles of Group President, Global Grooming (Gillette), and President of P G s Global Prestige Business. Before he joined P G, he served as a Naval Officer, Admiral Aide de Camp in the French Navy from 1987 to 1989. Mr. Louvet graduated from cole Sup rieure de Commerce de Paris and received his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois. Mr. Louvet also serves on the board of trustees of the Hospital of Special Surgery and has served on the board of directors of Danone, a public company, since April 2022. He is also on the CEO Advisory Council of the Fashion Pact, a coalition committed to advancing environmental sustainability in the fashion and textile industries. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Louvet brings significant leadership and business experience to the Board. His over 25 years in the consumer products industry, with oversight of multiple major global business units, have provided him with a deep understanding of building and growing brands. His position as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer provides our Board with valuable perspective into the issues and opportunities facing the Company. Mr. Louvet s extensive background in managing internationally renowned prestige brands, along with his substantial experience in driving business transformation and innovation, provides our Board with critical strategic insights into our global business. 18 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 David Lauren AGE: 53 Mr. D. Lauren has served as our Chief Branding and Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board since April 2022. He served as our Chief Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board from October 2016 to March 2022. Prior to that, he served in numerous leadership roles at the Company with responsibility for advertising, marketing, communications and philanthropy. He has been a director of the Company since August 2013. Mr. D. Lauren oversees the Company s global branding and innovation strategy, processes, and capabilities to drive its brand strength and financial performance across all channels. He has been instrumental in growing the Company s global digital commerce business and pioneering our technology initiatives. Mr. D. Lauren is also the President of The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation and serves on the Board of Trustees of New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Before joining the Company in 2000, he was Editor-In-Chief and President of Swing, a general interest publication for Generation X. Mr. D. Lauren is the son of Mr. R. Lauren. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. D. Lauren brings strong leadership and business experience to our Board. He has been instrumental in the development of the Company s digital commerce business and the use of innovative marketing to build the Company s global fashion image as it has expanded internationally. Mr. D. Lauren has been recognized as a leader on the use of new technologies in retail marketing and on using digital platforms to market luxury brands. His in-depth knowledge of these areas and his current position as our Chief Branding and Innovation Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board provides our Board with valuable insight and perspective into our brand development, global digital, digital commerce, and technology initiatives. Frank A. Bennack, Jr. AGE: 92 Mr. Bennack has been a director of the Company since January 1998 and served as Lead Independent Director of our Board from Fiscal 2017 until the 2021 Annual Meeting. He is Executive Vice Chairman of The Hearst Corporation ( Hearst ) and served as Hearst s Chief Executive Officer from 1979 to 2002 and then again from June 2008 to June 2013. Mr. Bennack has been the Chairman of the executive committee and Executive Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Hearst since 2002. He serves on the board and is Chairman Emeritus of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Chairman Emeritus of the New York-Presbyterian Hospital, Chairman of The Paley Center for Media, and a Managing Director of the Metropolitan Opera. He has previously served on the boards of Discount Corporation, Hearst-Argyle Television, Inc., Wyeth Corporation, and JPMorgan Chase Co. Mr. Bennack attended the University of Maryland and St. Mary s University. He was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from The University of the Incarnate Word. The Board has determined that Mr. Bennack is an audit committee financial expert. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Bennack brings to our Board a distinguished career and extensive business experience as Executive Vice Chairman of Hearst, one of the nation s largest private companies engaged in a broad range of publishing, broadcasting, cable networking, financial and medical data services, and diversified communications activities. His current position as Hearst s Executive Vice Chairman and previous position as Chief Executive Officer gives him critical insights into the operational issues facing a large corporation and provides our Board with valuable experience in the areas of finance, financial reporting, and strategic planning. As a result of his current and past service as a member of the boards of other various public companies and non-profit organizations, he provides our Board with perspective with respect to governance and other important matters that come before our Board. Mr. Bennack has been a member of our Board since 1998, and therefore, his extensive knowledge of our business is a valuable aspect of his service on our Board. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Debra Cupp AGE: 54 Ms. Cupp has been a director of our Company since August 2022. Ms. Cupp is currently the President of Microsoft Americas, a division of Microsoft Corporation, a global technology company. Ms. Cupp leads a significant business responsible for the sales strategy, execution, and revenue growth for the Microsoft US, Canada and LATAM business which spans enterprise, public sector, small and medium businesses, services, and partner communities. Previously, Ms. Cupp was Corporate Vice President of Worldwide Enterprise and Commercial Industries where she was responsible for the development and execution of Microsoft s strategy and go-to-market approach. Prior to joining Microsoft in late 2017, Ms. Cupp spent 6 years at SAP, serving most recently as the Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Success Factors for North America. In this position, she was responsible for leading the HR business by driving sales and go-to-market strategies, as well as overseeing operations for the field sales organization. Ms. Cupp also serves on the Board of Directors for Avanade, a private company and the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions, and design-led experiences on the Microsoft ecosystem. Ms. Cupp holds a Bachelors of Science in Business Administration from the University of Richmond and a Master of Business Administration from Saint Joseph's University. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Cupp brings extensive cross-industry and leadership experience to our Board. Her experience working with large enterprise organizations and their digital transformation journeys enables her to provide unique and valuable insights to our Board about industry and customer trends, and the latest in digital innovation. Ms. Cupp is a collaborative and authentic leader with a proven track record of creating inclusive environments for her employees where progress and growth can be realized. As a veteran in the technology industry, Ms. Cupp has dedicated her career to helping customers of all sizes across public and private sectors use technology as an enabler to achieve their business goals. Her extensive experience, knowledge of these areas, and current position as President of Microsoft North America provides our Board with valuable insight and perspective into strategy and our global technology and digital initiatives. 20 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Michael A. George AGE: 63 Mr. George has been a director of the Company since May 2018. Mr. George previously served as the President of QVC, Inc. ( QVC ) from November 2005 through March 2018 and as its Chief Executive Officer since April 2006 through March 2018. In 2018, he was named CEO of QVC s parent, Liberty Interactive, which was subsequently renamed Qurate Retail, Inc., a position he held through September 2021. Mr. George previously held various positions with Dell, Inc. ( Dell ) from March 2001 to November 2005, most notably as the Chief Marketing Officer and Vice President and General Manager of Dell s U.S. consumer business. Prior to that, Mr. George was a senior partner at McKinsey Company and led the firm s North American Retail Industry Group. Mr. George previously served on the board of directors of Brinker International and Qurate Retail, Inc. and chaired the board of directors of the National Retail Federation, currently serves on the board of directors of Autozone, a public company, and serves on the boards of several not-for-profit organizations. The Board has determined that Mr. George is an audit committee financial expert. Mr. George holds a Bachelors of Arts from Northwestern University and a Master of Business Administration from Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. George brings to our Board extensive management and business experience through his previous roles of President and Chief Executive Officer of QVC and Chief Executive Officer of Qurate Retail Group. His distinguished career, including his prior experience at Dell and McKinsey, provides him with critical perspective on operational and strategic issues facing the retail industry. As a result of his service as a member of the boards of other public companies and not-for-profit organizations, he also provides our Board with valuable insights regarding governance and other significant matters that come before our Board. Valerie Jarrett AGE: 68 Ms. Jarrett was appointed as a director of the Company in October 2020. She is a Senior Distinguished Fellow at the University of Chicago Law School, and the Chief Executive Officer of the Obama Foundation. She serves as Board Chair of Civic Nation and Co-Chair of The United State of Women. She also serves on the boards of Walgreens Boots Alliance, a public company, Ariel Investments, the Economic Club of Chicago, and Sesame Street Workshop. The Board has determined that Ms. Jarrett is an audit committee financial expert. Ms. Jarrett holds a Bachelor of Arts from Stanford University and a Juris Doctor from University of Michigan. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Jarrett brings to our Board insight into our business from her extensive experience in both the public and private sectors. Ms. Jarrett was the longest serving Senior Advisor to President Barack Obama. She oversaw the Offices of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs and Chaired the White House Council on Women and Girls. She served as the Chief Executive Officer of The Habitat Company in Chicago, Chairman of the Chicago Transit Board, Commissioner of Planning and Development, and Deputy Chief of Staff for Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley. She also served as the director of numerous corporate and not-for-profit boards including Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Chicago Stock Exchange, Chairman of the University of Chicago Medical Center Board of Trustees, and Director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Ms. Jarrett practiced law for ten years in both the private and public sectors, and has also received numerous awards and honorary degrees, including TIME s 100 Most Influential People. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Wei Zhang AGE: 55 Ms. Zhang has been a director of the Company since November 2022. Most recently, Ms. Zhang was President of Alibaba Pictures Group, leading global operations from its formation in 2014 until 2021. She joined Alibaba Group in 2008 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and spent the next six years in strategic investment and M A, corporate strategy, and corporate social responsibility roles. Prior to Alibaba, Ms. Zhang was Chief Operating Officer of Star China from 2005 to 2008, overseeing day to day operations of News Corp s China subsidiary. She was Managing Director of CNBC China from 2002 to 2005 and held positions at Bain Company and General Electric. Ms. Zhang currently serves on the board of directors of Starbucks Coffee Company, a public company. Ms. Zhang previously served on the boards of Amblin Partners, Alibaba Pictures Group, Meituan Company, Los Angeles Sports and Entertainment Commission and the Jack Ma Foundation. Ms. Zhang holds a Bachelors of Arts from Seton Hill College and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Zhang is a highly accomplished senior executive with extensive global experience, particularly in China, e-commerce and digitization, and media and entertainment, making her a valuable asset to our board. With an extensive career spanning renowned companies such as Alibaba Group, News Corporation, NBCUniversal, Bain Company, and General Electric, Ms. Zhang has acquired a deep understanding of international markets and a profound knowledge of industry dynamics. Her hands-on experience in these organizations has honed her expertise in e-commerce and digitization, enabling her to navigate the complexities of the digital marketplace with confidence. Through spearheading successful digital transformation initiatives, she has leveraged innovative strategies and cutting-edge technologies to optimize online platforms, enhance customer experiences, and drive substantial growth. Additionally, her background in media and entertainment has provided her with a unique perspective on effectively positioning brands within the industry. By leveraging media platforms, content creation, and strategic partnerships, Ms. Zhang has consistently driven consumer engagement and increased brand visibility. Leveraging her diverse global experience, profound expertise in e-commerce and digitization, and exceptional media and entertainment acumen, Ms. Zhang brings an invaluable skill set to the board, offering strategic insights, global market knowledge, and innovative approaches to drive sustainable growth and maximize success. DIRECTOR NOT STANDING FOR RE-ELECTION For close to sixteen years, we have benefited from the tremendous contributions of Board member Hubert Joly. During that time, he has provided strong leadership to the Board, including most recently his service as our Lead Independent Director for four years. Mr. Joly played a key role in the Board s evolution, resulting in its broadened diversity of backgrounds, skills and experiences. As part of our Board succession and evolution planning, Mr. Joly will not be standing for reelection at our 2025 Annual Meeting. During his tenure, Mr. Joly was instrumental to many of our successes as a company, and we are extremely grateful for his commitment and dedicated service to the Company and our stockholders. 22 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Our Board and management are committed to robust corporate governance. OVERVIEW OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We have in place a comprehensive corporate governance framework which incorporates and, in certain areas, exceeds the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC, the NYSE, and the Dodd-Frank Act. We do not rely on exemptions from the NYSE s corporate governance requirements available to us as a controlled company. In keeping with good corporate governance practices, we maintain a majority of independent directors, and each of our Board Committees are comprised solely of independent directors as required by the NYSE for non-controlled companies. To ensure that our Board reflects an appropriate mix of attributes, qualifications, experience, and skills and continues to provide effective oversight of the Company s strategy and performance, the Nominating Committee focuses on director succession and tenure and seeks to combine continuity of experience with fresh perspectives, expertise, and skills that match our evolving business needs provided by new directors. In order to prevent overboarding, the Board s Corporate Governance Policies provide that a director who is also a named executive officer of the Company may not serve on more than one other public company board, a director of the Company (other than the Company s named executive officers) who serves as a named executive officer of another public company is limited to board service at such other public company and the Company, and no other Company director may serve on more than three other public company boards. All our current directors and director nominees are in compliance with these limits. Over the last few years, the Board has undergone significant evolution, resulting in broadened diversity of backgrounds, skills and experiences, a lower average tenure of approximately 10 years, and a decreased average age of less than 65 years, with the majority of independent directors 65 years of age or less. In the past few years, a number of directors joined the Board with a range of relevant experiences, key skills, backgrounds and attributes to complement the depth of knowledge and experiences of our Board, such as individuals with experience in global strategy, digital and technology, artificial intelligence, media and entertainment, international sales and operations, consumer engagement, corporate citizenship, sustainability, regulatory governance, government affairs, finance and the Chinese market. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, as part of our Board evolution and succession planning, one of our long-tenured directors, Hubert Joly, will not be standing for re-election, and the size of our Board will be reduced to 11 members. Our independent directors have appointed Angela Ahrendts to serve as the Company s new Lead Independent Director, and a Class A Director for the first time following the 2025 Annual Meeting. In addition to evolving the Board s composition, the Nominating Committee reviews Committee membership annually, and the Board regularly updates its committee membership assignments based upon the Nominating Committee s recommendations. While there is no formal committee rotation policy for Committee assignments, the Chairs of each Committee are rotated at least once every five years. The current Chairs of our Finance Committee, Audit Committee, and Talent Committee chairs were appointed in August 2023 and the current Chair of our Nominating Committee was appointed in August 2022. Committee assignments and the designation of Committee Chairs are made based on Committee needs, director experience, interest and availability, and evolving legal and regulatory considerations. These practices promote strong Committee leadership and independence as well as director development and succession planning. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance In Fiscal 2017, we appointed our first formal Lead Independent Director to provide strong, independent leadership for the Board and serve as a liaison between our Board and management. The Board most recently updated the Lead Independent Director responsibilities in Fiscal 2023 to expand the role to include, among other things, leading the annual performance evaluation of the Board, leading the annual performance review of the CEO, reviewing with the Board succession planning for the CEO and other key management positions, and playing an increased role in crisis management oversight. This role is consistent with good governance practices for lead independent directors and positively impacts the Board s operations, oversight and decision-making. In Fiscal 2026, the Board approved the appointment of Angela Ahrendts to serve as the new Lead Independent Director replacing Hubert Joly who will be transitioning off our Board as part of planned succession planning, effective following Ms. Ahrendts s election as a director at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Ms. Ahrendts is being nominated as a Class A Director for the first time and brings extensive experience and proven leadership to the role as a director for seven years on our Board and current Chair of our Finance Committee. We anticipate Ms. Ahrendts will regularly join each Committee meeting in her role as Lead Independent Director. After the 2025 Annual Meeting, our Board of Directors will be comprised of the following eleven members: our Executive Chairman; our Vice Chairman; our President and Chief Executive Officer; our Lead Independent Director; and seven other directors, all of whom are independent. We believe that our current Board structure with a robust Lead Independent Director and Board Committees comprised solely of independent directors provides strong leadership and oversight, as well as efficient and clear communication and administration. ANNUAL REVIEW OF DUAL-CLASS STRUCTURE We have a dual-class capital structure, which we believe continues to be in the best interests of the Company. In particular, as in past years, in Fiscal 2025, the Board s independent Nominating Committee reviewed our dual-class structure in response to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders vote results and investor feedback received during our stockholder engagement process, including with respect to Darren Walker s election to the Board. Our Nominating Committee also discussed their review of our dual-class structure with Mr. R. Lauren, as Chairman of the Board, and relayed stockholder views on this structure and Mr. R. Lauren s and the Company's performance. Following its review, the Nominating Committee recommended that the Company maintain its existing capital structure. In providing its recommendation, the Nominating Committee considered multiple factors (as noted below) related to the Company s dual-class structure, including the Company s long-term track record of success under such structure, which has been in place since the Company s initial public offering, as well as Mr. Walker s recent election results, which we strongly believe are substantially the result of stockholder views regarding our dual-class structure, and not due to any specific objection to Mr. Walker or his capabilities as a director (See Stockholder Engagement above). The Nominating Committee also discussed Mr. R. Lauren s ongoing stewardship and loyalty to the Company and the stability he provides, especially in times of macroeconomic volatility (which factors are discussed in more detail below), and a review of the substantial and prohibitive costs to the Company of unwinding the dual-class structure based on the Nominating Committee s review and analysis of similar precedent transactions. 24 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Factors Considered by the Nominating Committee in Reviewing the Dual-Class Structure at Ralph Lauren The Company s strong performance in Fiscal 2025, and the contribution of the dual-class structure to the Company s potential long-term success, including review of findings of a recent study indicating that dual- and multi-class companies, on average, outperformed companies with single-class stock structures in the short and long term The robust representation of our Class A stockholders by (i) our 73% independent Board, (ii) the Lead Independent Director with robust, well-defined, and significant responsibilities and (iii) the ability to vote on Class A directors alone without any influence from Class B stockholders, unlike many other dual-class structures Benefits of the dual-class structure to the Company, including (i) ensuring that the Company has a solid and loyal investor base throughout economic downturns and crises and (ii) providing stability in the face of short-term market pressures or outside influences Mr. R. Lauren's record of success, the level of his engagement with the Company and the importance of his contributions and commitment to the Company, including his history and legacy with the Company and his guiding design, development, and aesthetic vision Mr. R. Lauren and his family maintain a 37% economic interest in the Company, evidencing his alignment with stockholder interests and comparable economic and voting power in the Company The substantial and prohibitive costs to the Company of unwinding the dual-class structure based on a review and analysis of similar precedent transactions The Nominating Committee's ability to review the structure on an annual basis and discuss with Mr. R. Lauren, as Chairman of the Board, their review and stockholder views on this structure and Mr. R. Lauren's and the Company's performance The full voting record for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which reflected significant support for Mr. Walker, including that five of our top 10 stockholders voted for Mr. Walker's re-election, and the remainder expressing that their withhold votes for Mr. Walker were due primarily to our dual-class structure and not due to his personal performance Our independent Nominating Committee reviews our corporate governance, including our dual-class structure, annually so as to align with stockholder interests and feedback. Mr. R. Lauren founded Ralph Lauren Corporation in 1967 and is the controlling stockholder of the Company with a majority ownership of the Company s Class B Common Stock. As founder, Mr. R. Lauren is bound to the Company and has deep heritage and continues to demonstrate stewardship and loyalty. The Company and its products bear his name, which, as a luxury retail brand, helps us preserve demand, and his image and family are associated with the Company. As Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer, a role in which he remains a hands-on and active participant, Mr. R. Lauren s design, development, and aesthetic continues to be the guiding vision and strategy for our Company. In addition, Mr. R. Lauren continues to maintain a strong economic tie to the Company, including through his and his family s holdings of Class A and B Common Stock, which represent an approximate 37% economic interest in the Company, evidencing his alignment with stockholder interests and comparable economic and voting power in the Company. These factors, taken together, provide us with long-term resilience and stability, especially in times of macroeconomic volatility. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Mr. R. Lauren s continued and deep involvement with the Company serves to provide a unique tone at the top that fosters belonging, equity, and inclusion. The Company s purpose-driven culture is a significant element of our human capital management and we believe has helped us to recruit, attract and retain top talent across all Company functions that are necessary for our continued success. Mr. R. Lauren s vision and commitment to the Company have contributed to our sustained and continued long-term growth, and the long history of Mr. R. Lauren s involvement in the Company has been one of its greatest strengths and a benefit to stockholders. In addition, since the Company has been a public company, we have balanced Mr. R. Lauren s controlling stake through a unique voting structure that permits the Class A stockholders, over which Mr. R. Lauren does not have control, to separately elect the Class A directors, including our Lead Independent Director (as discussed further below). As a result, Class A stockholders currently elect three directors, or over 25%, of our Board, without any influence from Class B stockholders in a novel governance structure that is beneficial to Class A stockholders, unlike many other dual-class companies. The long-term success of the Company for the benefit of our stockholders has been, and continues to be, the primary focus and engagement of the Board and management, including the Lauren family. Our capital structure ensures that the Company has a solid and loyal investor base throughout economic downturns and crises. Mr. R. Lauren and his family have had and continue to have a deep interest in the long-term growth and success of the Company. In 2016, the Board appointed Mr. R. Lauren s son, David Lauren, as Vice Chairman of the Board to further his engagement with our Company and the Board, and to lend his perspective to strategy, brand development, and innovation discussions at the Board level. The Lauren family ownership and direct involvement in the Company provides stability in the face of short-term market pressures or outside influences by providing a counterbalance to vulnerability relating to business cycles and related short-term disruptive effects. This has enabled and continues to enable the Board and management, including the Lauren family, to focus on long-term sustainable growth to benefit our stockholders, which has been a benefit for nearly 60 years. This long-term focus is especially critical in a macroeconomic environment that is constantly changing alongside heightened regulatory scrutiny. We believe our current structure benefits stockholders through long-term sustained financial performance. Following a 9% increase in Fiscal 2023 and a 10% increase in Fiscal 2025, we again increased our quarterly dividend by 10% in Fiscal 2026. We also returned a total of $625 million to stockholders in Fiscal 2025 through dividends and share repurchase programs, with our share buybacks more than offsetting the dilutive effect of our share-based employee compensation plans. The Company s long-term vision and the stability provided by our dual-class structures has contributed to our sustained and continued long-term performance and ability to return cash to stockholders. The current capital structure has been in place since the Company became public in April 1997. We have been very transparent with our stockholders about this structure since that time, and have consistently engaged with our top stockholders on this topic in recent years. There are two classes of voting stock consisting of Class A Common Stock (currently representing approximately 15% of the voting power and 64% of the economic ownership of the Company), and Class B Common Stock (currently representing approximately 85% of the voting power and 36% of the economic ownership of the Company). All shares of the Class B Common Stock were issued prior to the Company becoming public, and no shares of Class B Common Stock have been issued since then. The Class B Common Stock is convertible into Class A Common Stock at a Class B stockholder s election. Pursuant to the Company s governing documents, each share of Class B Common Stock currently owned by Mr. R. Lauren or Lauren Family Member (as defined below) (each a Class B Permitted Holder) may not be transferred other than to another Class B Permitted Holder, except under certain limited and enumerated circumstances. In addition, at such time as a person ceases to be a Class B Permitted Holder, any and all shares of Class B held by that person shall automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock. Following the conversion of all Class B Common Stock, the rights of holders of all outstanding common stock will be identical. Once converted into Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock will never be reissued. Changing our dual-class structure is not an action that our Board can unilaterally take. Under Delaware corporate law and our certificate of incorporation, the voting rights of holders of the Class B Common Stock cannot be changed without the consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock voting separately as a class. 26 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Mr. R. Lauren and his family maintain a 37% economic interest in the Company, evidencing his alignment with stockholder interests and comparable economic and voting power in the Company Class A stockholders have long been protected within this structure through the Company s adherence to sound and robust corporate governance practices and principles that complement the share capital structure and reinforce the Company s strong commitment to both long-term sustainable growth and stockholder value. As previously noted, our Board has a majority of independent directors (with 8 of 11 director nominees being independent) and our Board Committees are comprised solely of independent directors. Unlike many other dual-class structures, the Company s Class A stockholders elect their own directors without any influence from Class B stockholders and are entitled to elect three members, or over 25% of the Board, each to serve until the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Once elected, there is no distinction between Class A or Class B directors and they have the same duties, votes, representation on Board Committees, and responsibilities to protect the interests of all stockholders. Our Board and management are also dedicated to stockholder engagement and annually seek engagement with our largest Class A stockholders. During our Fiscal 2025 engagements, many of our institutional stockholders expressed an understanding and recognition of the benefits of our structure. Our Lead Independent Director participated in the majority of such meetings last year. The Board s leadership also reflects the commitment to sound and robust corporate governance practices. The Board has a strong Lead Independent Director and our CEO and Chairman positions are separate. Mr. Louvet joined the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2017 and has been a member of the Board since that time. The Board of Directors believes it is appropriate for Mr. R. Lauren to be Chairman of the Board, in an executive capacity, as he continues, together with Mr. Louvet, to drive the strategic vision of our Company and to actively participate in setting our financial objectives and investment priorities. We believe that these corporate governance practices and those that are summarized on the following pages will continue to protect and preserve the interests of our stockholders. Our corporate governance practices include: Board Composition, Policies and Practices Separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles Lead Independent Director with robust, well-defined, and significant responsibilities 73% of Board is independent Board evolution efforts to align with accelerated corporate strategy plan Limits on outside board and audit committee service Annual evaluation of each director s skill sets and experience before nomination Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Actively Engaged Board Regular executive sessions of independent directors, with executive sessions scheduled both at the start and the end of each regular Board meeting Annual Board and Committee self-evaluations led by the Lead Independent Director and independent Committee Chairs Independent third-party evaluation of Board effectiveness at least every three years, including most recently in Fiscal 2023 Annual review of dual-class structure to align with stockholder interests and feedback Enhanced engagement in strategy, including periodic strategic special meetings to provide oversight on strategic priorities and growth drivers, with increased access to various levels of management and regional ecosystem immersion field tours across all regions, most recently in North America and Europe Active engagement with human capital management as part of corporate culture oversight. Active engagement with citizenship and sustainability initiatives, and related impact assessment, as part of the Board s oversight Active engagement on enterprise risk management involving identification and oversight of areas of risk, including emerging risk areas Dedicated session at each regular Board meeting for open discussion and Q A between the Board and management Board Committees Board Committees are entirely independent All members of the Audit Committee are financially literate, and three of five members qualify as audit committee financial experts Established 5-year rotation schedule for Committee Chairs; new Chairs of majority of Committees appointed in August 2023 All current independent directors serve on at least one Committee Nominating Committee oversees corporate governance, citizenship, sustainability, social and environmental issues, impacts, risks, and opportunities Talent Committee oversight includes executive compensation, talent development and retention, human capital, and succession planning and leadership development 28 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Accountability to Stockholders All directors are elected annually Stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation held annually Class A directors are elected solely by the Class A stockholders as a class and may be removed by Class A stockholders with or without cause Comprehensive Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that is designed to provide directors, senior management and employees with guidance on our Company s compliance policies. Directors, members of the Company s Executive Leadership Team and all employees receive annual training on the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics with an annual training certification Independent directors meet in Executive Session without management present at each Board and Committee meeting Board maintains oversight of citizenship and sustainability so it can effectively govern and manage the citizenship and sustainability risks and opportunities that are integral to our corporate mission and business strategy. Significant citizenship and sustainability risks are reviewed and evaluated by the Board and its Committees quarterly as part of their ongoing risk oversight of our Company Each of the Board and its Committees annually evaluates its performance in a process led by the Lead Independent Director and the Nominating Committee Evolved approach to CEO evaluation and succession planning led by Lead Independent Director in partnership with independent Chairs of Nominating Committee and Talent Committee Stock ownership guidelines require our CEO, independent directors, named executive officers and certain other members of the Company s senior management team to own shares equal to a specified multiple of applicable annual retainer or base salary as discussed in Director Compensation Stock Ownership Guidelines and Compensation Discussion Analysis Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines NEOs subject to a clawback policy that provides for the mandatory recoupment of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation in the event of an accounting restatement Policy prohibiting all directors, officers and employees from pledging, hedging or short selling Company stock Board s balanced approach to Board evolution results in an effective mix of directors with historical context and new directors with complementary skills and expertise Diverse Board, representing differences in skills, industry and geographic experience, background, and other unique characteristics Stockholder Engagement In Fiscal 2025, the Company contacted stockholders representing over 70% of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, including 100% of our top 25 stockholders, and held meetings with all stockholders that accepted our invitation representing approximately 30% of our Class A Common Stock outstanding. Stockholder engagement actively informs corporate policies and practices Longstanding commitment to stockholder outreach is reflected in meetings with largest stockholders conducted on an ongoing basis (including with participation by our Lead Independent Director) to discuss a variety of topics, including our employee value proposition, executive compensation, human capital, corporate governance and citizenship and sustainability efforts Business-focused engagement calls are held throughout the year on the Company s Strategic Plan and financial performance with stockholders In addition, the key components of our corporate governance framework are set forth in the following documents: our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; our Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws; our Corporate Governance Policies; our Audit Committee Charter; our Nominating, Governance, Citizenship Sustainability Committee Charter; Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance our Talent, Culture Total Rewards Committee Charter; our Finance Committee Charter; Insider Trading Policy our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers. Each of the above documents is available on our investor relations website at http://investor.ralphlauren.com by clicking on Corporate Governance. Copies of these documents are available to stockholders without charge upon written request to our Investor Relations Department, 650 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Only the Board or a Committee of the Board with specific delegated authority, as appropriate, may grant a waiver under our codes of ethics to any director or executive officer, and any such waiver, or any amendments to our codes of ethics, will be promptly posted on our website. COMPANY LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE SEPARATE CHAIRMAN AND CEO ROLES The Board believes that the Company s current leadership structure, in which the roles of the Chairman and the CEO are separate, is appropriate for the Company at this time, taking into consideration the Company s evolving needs, corporate strategy, operating environment, culture, and Mr. R. Lauren s vision for and commitment to the Company. As Executive Chairman of the Board, Mr. R. Lauren works with the CEO to set overall vision, strategy, financial objectives, and investment priorities for the business. Mr. R. Lauren also continues to coach and mentor our design team and provide guidance in areas that are important to the Company, including growth in new business categories, creative talent, branding, advertising, and marketing. The separation of the Chairman and CEO roles enables the CEO to focus on the business, operations, and strategy of the Company, and allows the Company to leverage the Chairman s blend of leadership, experience, perspective, knowledge of our Company and the industry, and vision to serve the best interests of our stockholders. This structure, together with a strong Lead Independent Director, has proven advantageous in a complex and dynamic consumer and retail landscape affected by global supply chain, macroeconomic and inflationary pressures. 30 Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR At the end of Fiscal 2017, the independent directors appointed a Lead Independent Director to provide strong, independent leadership for the Board. The Board most recently updated the Lead Independent Director responsibilities in Fiscal 2023 to expand the role. In Fiscal 2026, in line with our ongoing Board succession and evolution planning, the Board approved the appointment of Angela Ahrendts to serve as the new Lead Independent Director and as a first-time Class A Director, effective following Ms. Ahrendts s election as a director at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Under our Corporate Governance Policies, key responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director include, among other duties: preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman or the Vice Chairman is not present and, when appropriate, at executive sessions of the independent directors; ultimately approve the agendas for Board meetings, following discussion with the CEO and the Chairman; lead the annual performance evaluation of the Board in partnership with the Chair of the Nominating Committee; lead the annual performance review of the CEO in partnership with the Chairs of the Nominating Committee and the Talent Committee; with input from the Nominating Committee and the Chair of the Talent Committee, annually review succession planning for the CEO and other key management positions with the Board; together with the Nominating Committee, actively engage in Board evolution planning and succession planning for directors, including for the Lead Independent Director role; participate in appropriate training and orientation for new directors; serve as Interim Chairman, if necessary; serve as liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman, as appropriate; has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors, as appropriate; if requested by key stockholders, serve as a point of contact and communication for stockholders wishing to engage directly with the Board, other than through the Chairman; lead executive sessions of the Board and provide feedback to the Chairman and CEO regarding decisions and recommendations of the independent directors; and participate in crisis management oversight, as appropriate. Ralph Lauren 2025 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR MEETINGS Our Board believes that a majority of our directors should be independent and has determined that all non-management director nominees are independent: Angela Ahrendts, Frank A. Bennack, Jr., Debra Cupp, Linda Findley, Michael A. George, Valerie Jarrett, Darren Walker, and Wei Zhang. Each of the current members of our Audit Committee, Talent Committee, Nominating Committee, and Finance Committee detailed below are independent. In considering the independence of our independent directors, we considered, among other factors, charitable contributions to entities affiliated with our independent directors and commercial transactions conducted, from time to time, in the ordinary course of business between us and certain entities affiliated with these directors. In the case of each of our independent directors, any such transactions have substantially the same terms as are prevailing at the time f