=== RL_2025-05-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors Risks Related to Citizenship and Sustainability Issues." Recent Developments Next Generation Transformation Project We are in the early stages of executing a large-scale multi-year global project that is expected to significantly transform the way in which we operate our business and further enable our long-term strategic pivot towards a global direct-to-consumer-oriented model (the "Next Generation Transformation project" or "NGT project"). The NGT project will be completed in phases and involves the redesigning of certain end-to-end processes and the implementation of a suite of technology systems on a global scale. Such efforts are expected to result in significant process improvements and the creation of synergies across core areas of operations, including merchandise buying and planning, procurement, inventory management, retail and wholesale operations, and financial planning and reporting, better enabling us to optimize inventory levels and increase the speed with which we react to changes in consumer demand across markets, among other benefits. In connection with the preliminary phase of the NGT project, we incurred other charges of $25.2 million and $5.1 million during Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2024, respectively, which were recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Our Brands and Products Our products, which include apparel and footwear accessories for men, women, and children, as well as our fragrance and home collections, together with our hospitality portfolio, comprise one of the most widely recognized families of consumer brands. Reflecting a distinctive American perspective, we have been an innovator in aspirational lifestyle branding and believe that, under the direction of internationally renowned designer Mr. Ralph Lauren, we have had a considerable influence on the way people dress and the way that fashion is advertised throughout the world. We combine consumer insight with our design, marketing, and imaging skills to offer, along with our licensing alliances, broad lifestyle product collections with a unified vision: Apparel Our apparel products include extensive collections of men's, women's, and children's clothing, which are sold under various brand names, including Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, 6 Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps, among others. Footwear Accessories Our range of footwear accessories encompasses men's, women's, and children's, including casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers, sandals, eyewear, watches, fashion and fine jewelry, scarves, hats, gloves, umbrellas, and leather goods, including handbags, luggage, small leather goods, and belts, which are sold under our Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps brands. Fragrance Our fragrance offerings capture the essence of Ralph Lauren's men's and women's brands with numerous labels, designed to appeal to a variety of audiences. Women's fragrance products are sold under our Ralph Lauren Collection, Woman by Ralph Lauren, Romance Collection, and Ralph Collection. Men's fragrance products are sold under our Ralph's Club, Purple Label, Polo Blue, Polo Red, Polo Green, Polo Black, Polo 67, Safari, Polo Sport, and Big Pony Men's brands. Our fragrance offerings also include Polo Earth, a gender-neutral fragrance designed with sustainability in mind, made of 97% natural-origin ingredients. Home Our home collections, which are sold primarily under our Ralph Lauren, Polo, Lauren by Ralph Lauren, and Chaps brands, reflect the spirit of the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. Our range of home products includes bed and bath lines, furniture, fabric and wall coverings, lighting, dining, floor coverings, and giftware, among others. Hospitality Continuing to engage our consumers with experiential and unique expressions of the brand, our hospitality portfolio is a natural extension of the World of Ralph Lauren as expressed through the culinary arts. Ralph Lauren's global hospitality collection is comprised of our restaurants including The Polo Bar in New York City, RL Restaurant located in Chicago, Ralph's located in Paris, The Bar at Ralph Lauren located in Milan, Ralph's Bar located in Chengdu, and our Ralph's Coffee concept in various cities around the world. Our lifestyle brand image is reinforced by our distribution through our stores and concession-based shop-within-shops, our wholesale channels of distribution, our global digital commerce sites, and our Ralph Lauren restaurants and caf s. We sell our products under the following key brand platforms: 1. Ralph Lauren Luxury Our Luxury group includes: Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label. Ralph Lauren Collection embodies the highest expression of chic, feminine glamour. Each piece is inspired by a vision of timeless luxury and modern elegance and is crafted with unparalleled passion and artistry. For men, Ralph Lauren Purple Label is the ultimate expression of luxury for the modern gentleman. Refined suitings are hand-tailored, including custom made-to-measure suits crafted in the time-honored traditions of Savile Row. Purple Label's sophisticated sportswear is designed with a meticulous attention to detail, capturing the elegance and ease of Ralph Lauren's signature, timeless style. Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label are made predominantly in Italy with the utmost attention to detail and quality and are available in select Ralph Lauren stores around the world, an exclusive selection of the finest specialty stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Double RL. Named after Ralph Lauren's working cattle ranch in Colorado, Double RL is a tribute to America's pioneering spirit and tradition of rugged independence. The foundation of Double RL lies in timeless wardrobe staples for men and women, including authentic American-made selvedge denim jeans, military-grade chinos, tube-knit t-shirts, thermals, and flannels. Beyond these iconic styles are added seasonal vintage-inspired collections, along with a full collection of footwear accessories, including quality belts, bags, and leather goods. Double RL is available at Double RL stores, at select Ralph Lauren stores, and an exclusive selection of the finest specialty stores around the world, as well as online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Ralph Lauren Home. Ralph Lauren Home represents a full expression of modern luxury style is a life well-lived. Based on an immersive design ethos, the collection includes furniture, lighting, bed and bath linens, tabletop, decorative accessories and gifts, as well as fabric, wallcoverings, and floorcoverings. Each piece is crafted with the greatest attention to detail. Ralph Lauren Home offers exclusive luxury goods at select Ralph Lauren stores and select wholesale partners, home specialty stores, trade showrooms, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce site, RalphLauren.com. 7 Ralph Lauren Watches and Jewelry. We offer a premier collection of Swiss-made timepieces, which embody Ralph Lauren's passion for impeccable quality and exquisite design. We also offer premium collections of jewelry, which capture the glamour and craftsmanship of Ralph Lauren's most luxurious designs, from everyday collections to the most refined and precious materials. Ralph Lauren watches and jewelry are available online at RalphLauren.com, at select Ralph Lauren stores, and a few of the finest watch and jewelry retailers around the world. 2. Polo Ralph Lauren The Polo Ralph Lauren group includes: Polo Ralph Lauren. Men's Polo combines Ivy League classics and time-honored English haberdashery with downtown styles and all-American sporting looks in sportswear and tailored clothing. Women's Polo represents the epitome of classic and iconic American style with a modern and cool twist. Polo's signature aesthetic includes our renowned polo player logo. Polo Sport reflects the active lifestyle and youthful energy of Polo s sporting roots through Men's and Women's activewear. Men's and Women's Polo apparel and footwear accessories are available in Ralph Lauren stores around the world, better department and specialty stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Polo Ralph Lauren Children. Polo Ralph Lauren Children is designed to reflect the timeless heritage and modern spirit of Ralph Lauren's collections for men and women. Signature classics include iconic polo knit shirts and luxurious cashmere cable-knit sweaters. Polo Ralph Lauren Children is available in a full range of sizes, from baby to girls 2-16 and boys 2-20. Polo Ralph Lauren Children can be found in select Ralph Lauren stores around the world, better department stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com, as well as certain of our retail partners' digital commerce sites. RLX Ralph Lauren. RLX is the leading edge of Ralph Lauren's performance and activewear. Comprised of functional apparel that address the performance needs of a modern active lifestyle, RLX includes men's and women's apparel and accessories that represent Ralph Lauren's belief that things that are purposefully designed and made of the highest quality achieve a timeless elegance. Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, and RLX Ralph Lauren Golf. Tested and worn by top-ranked professional golfers, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, and RLX Ralph Lauren Golf for men and women define excellence in the world of golf. With a sharpened focus on the needs of the modern player but rooted in the rich design tradition of Ralph Lauren, the Golf collections combine state-of-the-art performance wear with luxurious finishing touches. Our Golf collections are available in select Ralph Lauren stores, exclusive private clubs and resorts, and online at RalphLauren.com. Pink Pony. The Pink Pony campaign is our worldwide initiative in the fight against cancer. In the U.S., a percentage of sales from Pink Pony products benefit the Pink Pony Fund of The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, which supports cancer-related programs for early diagnosis, education, treatment, and research, and is dedicated to bringing patient navigation and quality cancer care to medically underserved communities. Internationally, a network of local cancer charities around the world benefit from the sale of Pink Pony products. Pink Pony consists of dual gender sportswear and accessories. Pink Pony items feature our iconic pink polo player a symbol of our commitment to the fight against cancer. Pink Pony is available at select Ralph Lauren stores and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Pink Pony is also available at select Macy's stores and online at Macys.com. 3. Lauren Ralph Lauren Our Lauren group includes: Lauren Ralph Lauren. Lauren for women combines aspirational timeless style with modern femininity in a lifestyle collection of sportswear, denim, and dresses, as well as footwear accessories. Lauren for women is available in select department stores around the world and online at select digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Lauren Home. Lauren Home collection includes accessibly-priced, timeless bath and bedding collections, as well as fabric and wall coverings, lighting, dining, and floor coverings, among others. The collection is built upon an assortment of essentials that is designed to be mixed with seasonal updates, all rooted in the brand's classic style. 4. Chaps Chaps celebrates real American style, delivering classic collections updated for modern lifestyles for men, women, children and home. The modern lifestyle collection offers versatile sportswear, workday essentials, tailored clothing, and occasion dresses that are wearable from season to season. Chaps is available in select department stores and retail partners' digital commerce sites across the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. 8 Our Segments We organize our business into the following three reportable segments: North America Our North America segment, representing approximately 43% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, and our digital commerce sites, www.RalphLauren.com and www.RalphLauren.ca. Our wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. Europe Our Europe segment, representing approximately 31% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital and licensee partners. Asia Our Asia segment, representing approximately 24% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Our retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. In addition, we sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital and licensee partners. No operating segments were aggregated to form our reportable segments. In addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments, representing approximately 2% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, which primarily consist of Ralph Lauren and Chaps branded royalty revenues earned through our global licensing alliances. This segment structure is consistent with how we establish our overall business strategy, allocate resources, and assess performance of our Company. Approximately 57% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues were earned outside of the U.S. See Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of net revenues by segment and by geographic location, as well as additional financial metrics by segment. Our Retail Business Our retail business sells directly to customers throughout the world via our 564 retail stores and 671 concession-based shop-within-shops, totaling approximately 4.1 million and 0.7 million square feet, respectively, as well as through our own digital commerce sites and those of various third-party digital partners. We operate our business using a global omni-channel retailing strategy that seeks to deliver an integrated shopping experience with a consistent message of our brands and products to our customers, regardless of whether they are shopping for our products in physical stores or online. We also continue to scale and expand our Connected Retail capabilities to enhance the consumer experience, which include Online Appointment Bookings, Digital Clienteling, Endless Aisle, Buy Online-Ship from Store, Buy Online-Pick Up in Store, Same-Day Delivery, and Mobile Point of Sale and contactless payments, among other capabilities. Ralph Lauren Stores Our Ralph Lauren stores feature a broad range of apparel, footwear accessories, watch and jewelry, fragrance, and home product assortments in an atmosphere reflecting the distinctive attitude and image of the Ralph Lauren, Polo, and Double RL brands, including exclusive merchandise that is not sold in department stores. During Fiscal 2025, we opened 30 new Ralph Lauren stores and closed 10 stores. Our Ralph Lauren stores are primarily situated in major upscale street locations and upscale regional malls, generally in large urban markets. 9 The following table presents the number of Ralph Lauren stores by segment as of March 29, 2025: Ralph Lauren Stores North America 51 Europe 47 Asia 154 Total 252 Our 9 flagship Ralph Lauren regional store locations showcase our iconic styles and products and demonstrate our most refined merchandising techniques. In addition to generating sales of our products, our worldwide Ralph Lauren stores establish, reinforce, and capitalize on the image of our brands. Our Ralph Lauren stores range in size from approximately 400 to 37,900 square feet. Outlet Stores We extend our reach to additional consumer groups through our outlet stores worldwide, which are principally located in major outlet centers. Our worldwide outlet stores offer selections of our apparel, footwear accessories, and fragrances. In addition to these product offerings, certain of our worldwide outlet stores offer home product assortments. During Fiscal 2025, we opened 6 new outlet stores and closed 26 stores. The following table presents the number of outlet stores by segment as of March 29, 2025: Outlet Stores North America 172 Europe 57 Asia 83 Total 312 Our outlet stores range in size from approximately 1,100 to 28,300 square feet. Outlet stores obtain products from our suppliers, our product licensing partners, and our other retail stores and digital commerce operations, and also serve as a secondary distribution channel for our excess and out-of-season products. Concession-based Shop-within-Shops The terms of trade for shop-within-shops are largely conducted on a concession basis, whereby inventory continues to be owned by us (not the department store) until ultimate sale to the end consumer. The salespeople involved in the sales transactions are generally our employees and not those of the department store. The following table presents the number of concession-based shop-within-shops by segment as of March 29, 2025: Concession-based Shop-within-Shops North America Europe 30 Asia 641 Total (a) 671 (a) Our concession-based shop-within-shops were located at approximately 300 retail locations. The size of our concession-based shop-within-shops ranges from approximately 100 to 5,500 square feet. We may share in the cost of building out certain of these shop-within-shops with our department store partners. 10 Directly-Operated Digital Commerce Websites In addition to our stores, our retail business sells products online in North America, Europe, and Asia through our various directly-operated digital commerce sites, which include www.RalphLauren.com, among others. We continue to expand accessibility to our digital flagships globally while localizing language, currencies, payment methods, product assortments, and content. We also sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in Asia, as well as through our Ralph Lauren app in the U.S. Our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites offer our customers access to a broad array of Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Polo, and Lauren apparel, footwear accessories, watch and jewelry, fragrance, and home product assortments, and reinforce the luxury image of our brands. While investing in digital commerce operations remains a primary focus, it is an extension of our investment in the integrated omni-channel strategy used to operate our overall retail business, in which our digital commerce operations are interdependent with our physical stores. Our Wholesale Business Our wholesale business sells our products globally primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and golf and pro shops, as well as to various third-party digital partners. We have continued to focus on elevating our brand by improving in-store product assortment and presentation, as well as full-price sell-throughs to consumers. As of the end of Fiscal 2025, our wholesale products were sold through over 9,400 doors worldwide, with the majority in specialty stores. Our products are also increasingly being sold through the digital commerce sites of many of our traditional wholesale customers and our third-party digital partners. The primary product offerings sold through our wholesale channels of distribution include apparel, footwear accessories, and home product assortments. Our luxury brands, including Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label, are distributed worldwide through a limited number of premier fashion retailers. In North America, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, and to a lesser extent, specialty stores. In Europe, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital partners. In Asia, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital partners. We also distribute our wholesale products to certain licensed stores operated by our partners in Asia, Europe, Latin America, and emerging markets. We sell most of our excess and out-of-season products through secondary distribution channels worldwide, including our retail outlet stores. Worldwide Wholesale Distribution Channels The following table presents by segment the approximate number of our primary full-price wholesale doors of distribution as of March 29, 2025: Doors North America 3,000 Europe 5,600 Asia 850 Total 9,450 In addition to our conventional wholesale doors, our products are increasingly being sold through the websites of many of our traditional wholesale customers, as well as those of our third-party digital partners. As of March 29, 2025, our wholesale business served approximately 120 third-party digital partners, primarily in Europe. We have three key wholesale customers that generate significant sales volume. During Fiscal 2025, sales to our three largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately 12% of our total net revenues. Approximately 70% of sales to our three largest wholesale customers related to our North America segment and approximately 30% related to our Europe segment. Our products are sold primarily by our own sales forces. Our wholesale business maintains its primary showrooms in New York City, as well as regional showrooms in London, Madrid, Milan, Munich, Paris, and Stockholm. In addition, we utilize virtual showrooms, allowing our customers to experience and discover our product assortments in a retail setting remotely. 11 Shop-within-Shops. As a critical element of our distribution to department stores, we and our licensing partners utilize shop-within-shops to enhance brand recognition, to permit more complete merchandising of our lines by the department stores, and to differentiate the presentation of our products. The following table presents by segment the approximate number of shop-within-shops in our primary full-price distribution network as of March 29, 2025: Shop-within-Shops North America 6,300 Europe 7,000 Asia 1,050 Total 14,350 The size of our shop-within-shops ranges from approximately 80 to 9,200 square feet. Shop-within-shop fixed assets primarily include items such as customized freestanding fixtures, wall cases and components, decorative items, and flooring. We normally share in the cost of building out these shop-within-shops with our wholesale customers. Replenishment Program. Core products such as knit shirts, chino pants, oxford cloth shirts, select footwear accessories, and home products can be ordered by our wholesale customers at any time through our replenishment program. We generally ship these products within two to five days of order receipt. Backlog. We generally receive wholesale orders approximately three to five months prior to the time the products are delivered to customers, except for orders received through our replenishment program which ship within two to five days of order receipt. Our wholesale orders are generally subject to broad cancellation rights. Further, the size of our order backlog depends on several factors, including the timing of the market weeks for our particular lines during which a significant percentage of our orders are received and the timing of shipments, which varies from year-to-year with consideration for holidays, consumer trends, concept plans, and the replenishment program's usage. Consequently, the dollar amount of our backlog as of any date may not be indicative of actual future shipments and therefore is not meaningful in understanding our business as a whole. Our Licensing Business Through licensing alliances, we combine our consumer insight, design, and marketing skills with the specific product or geographic competencies of our licensing partners to create and build new businesses. We generally seek out licensing partners who are leaders in their respective markets, contribute the majority of product development costs, provide the operational infrastructure required to support the business, and own the inventory. Our licensing business has been aggregated with other non-reportable segments. Product Licensing We grant our product licensees the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel categories, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings. Each product licensing partner pays us royalties based upon its sales of our products, generally subject to a minimum royalty requirement for the right to use our trademarks and design services. In addition, our licensing partners may be required to allocate a portion of their revenues to advertising our products and sharing in the creative costs associated with these products. Larger allocations typically are required in connection with launches of new products or in new territories. Our license agreements generally have three to five-year terms and may grant the licensees conditional renewal options. We work closely with all of our licensing partners to ensure that their products are developed, marketed, and distributed to reach the intended consumer and are presented consistently across product categories to convey the distinctive identity and lifestyle associated with our brands. Virtually all aspects of the design, production quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising, and promotion of Ralph Lauren products are subject to our prior approval and continuing oversight. We perform a broader range of services for most of our Ralph Lauren Home licensing partners than we do for our other licensing partners, including design, operating showrooms, marketing, and advertising. 12 The following table lists our largest licensing agreements as of March 29, 2025 for the product categories presented. Except as noted in the table, these product licenses cover North America only. Category Licensed Products Licensing Partners Men's Apparel Underwear and Sleepwear Hanesbrands, Inc. (includes Japan) Chaps 5 Star Apparel LLC (includes South America and South Korea) Women's Apparel Outerwear S. Rothschild Co., Inc. Sleepwear Charles Komar and Sons, Inc. (includes Europe and the Middle East) Intimates and Sleepwear Delta Galil (global) Chaps 5 Star Apparel LLC (includes South America) Beauty Products Fragrances L'Oreal S.A. (global) Footwear Men's and Women's Slippers and Children's Footwear BBC International LLC (global, excluding Japan and South Korea) Accessories Eyewear Luxottica Group S.p.A. (global) Socks and Hosiery Renfro Corporation Socks and Hosiery Naigai Co., Ltd. (Japan only) Home Utility and Blankets Down-lite International, Inc. Lighting Visual Comfort of America LLC (global) International Licensed Distribution Our international licensing partners acquire the right to sell, promote, market, and/or distribute various categories of our products in a given geographic area and source products from us, our product licensing partners, and/or independent sources. International licensees' rights may include the right to own and operate retail stores. As of March 29, 2025, our international licensing partners operated 116 stores. Digital Ecosystem Investing in our digital ecosystem remains a primary focus and is a key component of our integrated global omni-channel strategy that spans across owned and partnered channels, both physical and digital. Our digital ecosystem is comprised of directly-operated platforms, wholesale partner websites, third-party digital pure players, social commerce, and third-party gaming platforms. Our directly-operated digital commerce sites and mobile application represent our digital flagships, featuring the most elevated expression of our brands. The strategy for our digital flagships is to deliver distinct and immersive brand experiences, continuously enhance consumer experience, and develop digital content that drives deeper consumer engagement and conversion. We continue to optimize our customer experience globally with the introduction of numerous features including new payment methods and improved search capabilities, as well as greater personalization and enhanced content. In conjunction with introducing new features, we have focused on foundational needs ranging from platform enhancements to technology solutions to operational efficiencies. Driving our lo