=== RL_2025-05-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors Risks Related to Citizenship and Sustainability Issues." Recent Developments Next Generation Transformation Project We are in the early stages of executing a large-scale multi-year global project that is expected to significantly transform the way in which we operate our business and further enable our long-term strategic pivot towards a global direct-to-consumer-oriented model (the "Next Generation Transformation project" or "NGT project"). The NGT project will be completed in phases and involves the redesigning of certain end-to-end processes and the implementation of a suite of technology systems on a global scale. Such efforts are expected to result in significant process improvements and the creation of synergies across core areas of operations, including merchandise buying and planning, procurement, inventory management, retail and wholesale operations, and financial planning and reporting, better enabling us to optimize inventory levels and increase the speed with which we react to changes in consumer demand across markets, among other benefits. In connection with the preliminary phase of the NGT project, we incurred other charges of $25.2 million and $5.1 million during Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2024, respectively, which were recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Our Brands and Products Our products, which include apparel and footwear accessories for men, women, and children, as well as our fragrance and home collections, together with our hospitality portfolio, comprise one of the most widely recognized families of consumer brands. Reflecting a distinctive American perspective, we have been an innovator in aspirational lifestyle branding and believe that, under the direction of internationally renowned designer Mr. Ralph Lauren, we have had a considerable influence on the way people dress and the way that fashion is advertised throughout the world. We combine consumer insight with our design, marketing, and imaging skills to offer, along with our licensing alliances, broad lifestyle product collections with a unified vision: Apparel Our apparel products include extensive collections of men's, women's, and children's clothing, which are sold under various brand names, including Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, 6 Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps, among others. Footwear Accessories Our range of footwear accessories encompasses men's, women's, and children's, including casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers, sandals, eyewear, watches, fashion and fine jewelry, scarves, hats, gloves, umbrellas, and leather goods, including handbags, luggage, small leather goods, and belts, which are sold under our Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps brands. Fragrance Our fragrance offerings capture the essence of Ralph Lauren's men's and women's brands with numerous labels, designed to appeal to a variety of audiences. Women's fragrance products are sold under our Ralph Lauren Collection, Woman by Ralph Lauren, Romance Collection, and Ralph Collection. Men's fragrance products are sold under our Ralph's Club, Purple Label, Polo Blue, Polo Red, Polo Green, Polo Black, Polo 67, Safari, Polo Sport, and Big Pony Men's brands. Our fragrance offerings also include Polo Earth, a gender-neutral fragrance designed with sustainability in mind, made of 97% natural-origin ingredients. Home Our home collections, which are sold primarily under our Ralph Lauren, Polo, Lauren by Ralph Lauren, and Chaps brands, reflect the spirit of the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. Our range of home products includes bed and bath lines, furniture, fabric and wall coverings, lighting, dining, floor coverings, and giftware, among others. Hospitality Continuing to engage our consumers with experiential and unique expressions of the brand, our hospitality portfolio is a natural extension of the World of Ralph Lauren as expressed through the culinary arts. Ralph Lauren's global hospitality collection is comprised of our restaurants including The Polo Bar in New York City, RL Restaurant located in Chicago, Ralph's located in Paris, The Bar at Ralph Lauren located in Milan, Ralph's Bar located in Chengdu, and our Ralph's Coffee concept in various cities around the world. Our lifestyle brand image is reinforced by our distribution through our stores and concession-based shop-within-shops, our wholesale channels of distribution, our global digital commerce sites, and our Ralph Lauren restaurants and caf s. We sell our products under the following key brand platforms: 1. Ralph Lauren Luxury Our Luxury group includes: Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label. Ralph Lauren Collection embodies the highest expression of chic, feminine glamour. Each piece is inspired by a vision of timeless luxury and modern elegance and is crafted with unparalleled passion and artistry. For men, Ralph Lauren Purple Label is the ultimate expression of luxury for the modern gentleman. Refined suitings are hand-tailored, including custom made-to-measure suits crafted in the time-honored traditions of Savile Row. Purple Label's sophisticated sportswear is designed with a meticulous attention to detail, capturing the elegance and ease of Ralph Lauren's signature, timeless style. Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label are made predominantly in Italy with the utmost attention to detail and quality and are available in select Ralph Lauren stores around the world, an exclusive selection of the finest specialty stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Double RL. Named after Ralph Lauren's working cattle ranch in Colorado, Double RL is a tribute to America's pioneering spirit and tradition of rugged independence. The foundation of Double RL lies in timeless wardrobe staples for men and women, including authentic American-made selvedge denim jeans, military-grade chinos, tube-knit t-shirts, thermals, and flannels. Beyond these iconic styles are added seasonal vintage-inspired collections, along with a full collection of footwear accessories, including quality belts, bags, and leather goods. Double RL is available at Double RL stores, at select Ralph Lauren stores, and an exclusive selection of the finest specialty stores around the world, as well as online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Ralph Lauren Home. Ralph Lauren Home represents a full expression of modern luxury style is a life well-lived. Based on an immersive design ethos, the collection includes furniture, lighting, bed and bath linens, tabletop, decorative accessories and gifts, as well as fabric, wallcoverings, and floorcoverings. Each piece is crafted with the greatest attention to detail. Ralph Lauren Home offers exclusive luxury goods at select Ralph Lauren stores and select wholesale partners, home specialty stores, trade showrooms, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce site, RalphLauren.com. 7 Ralph Lauren Watches and Jewelry. We offer a premier collection of Swiss-made timepieces, which embody Ralph Lauren's passion for impeccable quality and exquisite design. We also offer premium collections of jewelry, which capture the glamour and craftsmanship of Ralph Lauren's most luxurious designs, from everyday collections to the most refined and precious materials. Ralph Lauren watches and jewelry are available online at RalphLauren.com, at select Ralph Lauren stores, and a few of the finest watch and jewelry retailers around the world. 2. Polo Ralph Lauren The Polo Ralph Lauren group includes: Polo Ralph Lauren. Men's Polo combines Ivy League classics and time-honored English haberdashery with downtown styles and all-American sporting looks in sportswear and tailored clothing. Women's Polo represents the epitome of classic and iconic American style with a modern and cool twist. Polo's signature aesthetic includes our renowned polo player logo. Polo Sport reflects the active lifestyle and youthful energy of Polo s sporting roots through Men's and Women's activewear. Men's and Women's Polo apparel and footwear accessories are available in Ralph Lauren stores around the world, better department and specialty stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Polo Ralph Lauren Children. Polo Ralph Lauren Children is designed to reflect the timeless heritage and modern spirit of Ralph Lauren's collections for men and women. Signature classics include iconic polo knit shirts and luxurious cashmere cable-knit sweaters. Polo Ralph Lauren Children is available in a full range of sizes, from baby to girls 2-16 and boys 2-20. Polo Ralph Lauren Children can be found in select Ralph Lauren stores around the world, better department stores, and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com, as well as certain of our retail partners' digital commerce sites. RLX Ralph Lauren. RLX is the leading edge of Ralph Lauren's performance and activewear. Comprised of functional apparel that address the performance needs of a modern active lifestyle, RLX includes men's and women's apparel and accessories that represent Ralph Lauren's belief that things that are purposefully designed and made of the highest quality achieve a timeless elegance. Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, and RLX Ralph Lauren Golf. Tested and worn by top-ranked professional golfers, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, and RLX Ralph Lauren Golf for men and women define excellence in the world of golf. With a sharpened focus on the needs of the modern player but rooted in the rich design tradition of Ralph Lauren, the Golf collections combine state-of-the-art performance wear with luxurious finishing touches. Our Golf collections are available in select Ralph Lauren stores, exclusive private clubs and resorts, and online at RalphLauren.com. Pink Pony. The Pink Pony campaign is our worldwide initiative in the fight against cancer. In the U.S., a percentage of sales from Pink Pony products benefit the Pink Pony Fund of The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation, which supports cancer-related programs for early diagnosis, education, treatment, and research, and is dedicated to bringing patient navigation and quality cancer care to medically underserved communities. Internationally, a network of local cancer charities around the world benefit from the sale of Pink Pony products. Pink Pony consists of dual gender sportswear and accessories. Pink Pony items feature our iconic pink polo player a symbol of our commitment to the fight against cancer. Pink Pony is available at select Ralph Lauren stores and online at our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Pink Pony is also available at select Macy's stores and online at Macys.com. 3. Lauren Ralph Lauren Our Lauren group includes: Lauren Ralph Lauren. Lauren for women combines aspirational timeless style with modern femininity in a lifestyle collection of sportswear, denim, and dresses, as well as footwear accessories. Lauren for women is available in select department stores around the world and online at select digital commerce sites, including RalphLauren.com. Lauren Home. Lauren Home collection includes accessibly-priced, timeless bath and bedding collections, as well as fabric and wall coverings, lighting, dining, and floor coverings, among others. The collection is built upon an assortment of essentials that is designed to be mixed with seasonal updates, all rooted in the brand's classic style. 4. Chaps Chaps celebrates real American style, delivering classic collections updated for modern lifestyles for men, women, children and home. The modern lifestyle collection offers versatile sportswear, workday essentials, tailored clothing, and occasion dresses that are wearable from season to season. Chaps is available in select department stores and retail partners' digital commerce sites across the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. 8 Our Segments We organize our business into the following three reportable segments: North America Our North America segment, representing approximately 43% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, and our digital commerce sites, www.RalphLauren.com and www.RalphLauren.ca. Our wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. Europe Our Europe segment, representing approximately 31% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital and licensee partners. Asia Our Asia segment, representing approximately 24% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Our retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. In addition, we sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital and licensee partners. No operating segments were aggregated to form our reportable segments. In addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments, representing approximately 2% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues, which primarily consist of Ralph Lauren and Chaps branded royalty revenues earned through our global licensing alliances. This segment structure is consistent with how we establish our overall business strategy, allocate resources, and assess performance of our Company. Approximately 57% of our Fiscal 2025 net revenues were earned outside of the U.S. See Note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of net revenues by segment and by geographic location, as well as additional financial metrics by segment. Our Retail Business Our retail business sells directly to customers throughout the world via our 564 retail stores and 671 concession-based shop-within-shops, totaling approximately 4.1 million and 0.7 million square feet, respectively, as well as through our own digital commerce sites and those of various third-party digital partners. We operate our business using a global omni-channel retailing strategy that seeks to deliver an integrated shopping experience with a consistent message of our brands and products to our customers, regardless of whether they are shopping for our products in physical stores or online. We also continue to scale and expand our Connected Retail capabilities to enhance the consumer experience, which include Online Appointment Bookings, Digital Clienteling, Endless Aisle, Buy Online-Ship from Store, Buy Online-Pick Up in Store, Same-Day Delivery, and Mobile Point of Sale and contactless payments, among other capabilities. Ralph Lauren Stores Our Ralph Lauren stores feature a broad range of apparel, footwear accessories, watch and jewelry, fragrance, and home product assortments in an atmosphere reflecting the distinctive attitude and image of the Ralph Lauren, Polo, and Double RL brands, including exclusive merchandise that is not sold in department stores. During Fiscal 2025, we opened 30 new Ralph Lauren stores and closed 10 stores. Our Ralph Lauren stores are primarily situated in major upscale street locations and upscale regional malls, generally in large urban markets. 9 The following table presents the number of Ralph Lauren stores by segment as of March 29, 2025: Ralph Lauren Stores North America 51 Europe 47 Asia 154 Total 252 Our 9 flagship Ralph Lauren regional store locations showcase our iconic styles and products and demonstrate our most refined merchandising techniques. In addition to generating sales of our products, our worldwide Ralph Lauren stores establish, reinforce, and capitalize on the image of our brands. Our Ralph Lauren stores range in size from approximately 400 to 37,900 square feet. Outlet Stores We extend our reach to additional consumer groups through our outlet stores worldwide, which are principally located in major outlet centers. Our worldwide outlet stores offer selections of our apparel, footwear accessories, and fragrances. In addition to these product offerings, certain of our worldwide outlet stores offer home product assortments. During Fiscal 2025, we opened 6 new outlet stores and closed 26 stores. The following table presents the number of outlet stores by segment as of March 29, 2025: Outlet Stores North America 172 Europe 57 Asia 83 Total 312 Our outlet stores range in size from approximately 1,100 to 28,300 square feet. Outlet stores obtain products from our suppliers, our product licensing partners, and our other retail stores and digital commerce operations, and also serve as a secondary distribution channel for our excess and out-of-season products. Concession-based Shop-within-Shops The terms of trade for shop-within-shops are largely conducted on a concession basis, whereby inventory continues to be owned by us (not the department store) until ultimate sale to the end consumer. The salespeople involved in the sales transactions are generally our employees and not those of the department store. The following table presents the number of concession-based shop-within-shops by segment as of March 29, 2025: Concession-based Shop-within-Shops North America Europe 30 Asia 641 Total (a) 671 (a) Our concession-based shop-within-shops were located at approximately 300 retail locations. The size of our concession-based shop-within-shops ranges from approximately 100 to 5,500 square feet. We may share in the cost of building out certain of these shop-within-shops with our department store partners. 10 Directly-Operated Digital Commerce Websites In addition to our stores, our retail business sells products online in North America, Europe, and Asia through our various directly-operated digital commerce sites, which include www.RalphLauren.com, among others. We continue to expand accessibility to our digital flagships globally while localizing language, currencies, payment methods, product assortments, and content. We also sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in Asia, as well as through our Ralph Lauren app in the U.S. Our Ralph Lauren digital commerce sites offer our customers access to a broad array of Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Polo, and Lauren apparel, footwear accessories, watch and jewelry, fragrance, and home product assortments, and reinforce the luxury image of our brands. While investing in digital commerce operations remains a primary focus, it is an extension of our investment in the integrated omni-channel strategy used to operate our overall retail business, in which our digital commerce operations are interdependent with our physical stores. Our Wholesale Business Our wholesale business sells our products globally primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and golf and pro shops, as well as to various third-party digital partners. We have continued to focus on elevating our brand by improving in-store product assortment and presentation, as well as full-price sell-throughs to consumers. As of the end of Fiscal 2025, our wholesale products were sold through over 9,400 doors worldwide, with the majority in specialty stores. Our products are also increasingly being sold through the digital commerce sites of many of our traditional wholesale customers and our third-party digital partners. The primary product offerings sold through our wholesale channels of distribution include apparel, footwear accessories, and home product assortments. Our luxury brands, including Ralph Lauren Collection and Ralph Lauren Purple Label, are distributed worldwide through a limited number of premier fashion retailers. In North America, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of sales to department stores, and to a lesser extent, specialty stores. In Europe, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital partners. In Asia, our wholesale business is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital partners. We also distribute our wholesale products to certain licensed stores operated by our partners in Asia, Europe, Latin America, and emerging markets. We sell most of our excess and out-of-season products through secondary distribution channels worldwide, including our retail outlet stores. Worldwide Wholesale Distribution Channels The following table presents by segment the approximate number of our primary full-price wholesale doors of distribution as of March 29, 2025: Doors North America 3,000 Europe 5,600 Asia 850 Total 9,450 In addition to our conventional wholesale doors, our products are increasingly being sold through the websites of many of our traditional wholesale customers, as well as those of our third-party digital partners. As of March 29, 2025, our wholesale business served approximately 120 third-party digital partners, primarily in Europe. We have three key wholesale customers that generate significant sales volume. During Fiscal 2025, sales to our three largest wholesale customers accounted for approximately 12% of our total net revenues. Approximately 70% of sales to our three largest wholesale customers related to our North America segment and approximately 30% related to our Europe segment. Our products are sold primarily by our own sales forces. Our wholesale business maintains its primary showrooms in New York City, as well as regional showrooms in London, Madrid, Milan, Munich, Paris, and Stockholm. In addition, we utilize virtual showrooms, allowing our customers to experience and discover our product assortments in a retail setting remotely. 11 Shop-within-Shops. As a critical element of our distribution to department stores, we and our licensing partners utilize shop-within-shops to enhance brand recognition, to permit more complete merchandising of our lines by the department stores, and to differentiate the presentation of our products. The following table presents by segment the approximate number of shop-within-shops in our primary full-price distribution network as of March 29, 2025: Shop-within-Shops North America 6,300 Europe 7,000 Asia 1,050 Total 14,350 The size of our shop-within-shops ranges from approximately 80 to 9,200 square feet. Shop-within-shop fixed assets primarily include items such as customized freestanding fixtures, wall cases and components, decorative items, and flooring. We normally share in the cost of building out these shop-within-shops with our wholesale customers. Replenishment Program. Core products such as knit shirts, chino pants, oxford cloth shirts, select footwear accessories, and home products can be ordered by our wholesale customers at any time through our replenishment program. We generally ship these products within two to five days of order receipt. Backlog. We generally receive wholesale orders approximately three to five months prior to the time the products are delivered to customers, except for orders received through our replenishment program which ship within two to five days of order receipt. Our wholesale orders are generally subject to broad cancellation rights. Further, the size of our order backlog depends on several factors, including the timing of the market weeks for our particular lines during which a significant percentage of our orders are received and the timing of shipments, which varies from year-to-year with consideration for holidays, consumer trends, concept plans, and the replenishment program's usage. Consequently, the dollar amount of our backlog as of any date may not be indicative of actual future shipments and therefore is not meaningful in understanding our business as a whole. Our Licensing Business Through licensing alliances, we combine our consumer insight, design, and marketing skills with the specific product or geographic competencies of our licensing partners to create and build new businesses. We generally seek out licensing partners who are leaders in their respective markets, contribute the majority of product development costs, provide the operational infrastructure required to support the business, and own the inventory. Our licensing business has been aggregated with other non-reportable segments. Product Licensing We grant our product licensees the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel categories, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings. Each product licensing partner pays us royalties based upon its sales of our products, generally subject to a minimum royalty requirement for the right to use our trademarks and design services. In addition, our licensing partners may be required to allocate a portion of their revenues to advertising our products and sharing in the creative costs associated with these products. Larger allocations typically are required in connection with launches of new products or in new territories. Our license agreements generally have three to five-year terms and may grant the licensees conditional renewal options. We work closely with all of our licensing partners to ensure that their products are developed, marketed, and distributed to reach the intended consumer and are presented consistently across product categories to convey the distinctive identity and lifestyle associated with our brands. Virtually all aspects of the design, production quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising, and promotion of Ralph Lauren products are subject to our prior approval and continuing oversight. We perform a broader range of services for most of our Ralph Lauren Home licensing partners than we do for our other licensing partners, including design, operating showrooms, marketing, and advertising. 12 The following table lists our largest licensing agreements as of March 29, 2025 for the product categories presented. Except as noted in the table, these product licenses cover North America only. Category Licensed Products Licensing Partners Men's Apparel Underwear and Sleepwear Hanesbrands, Inc. (includes Japan) Chaps 5 Star Apparel LLC (includes South America and South Korea) Women's Apparel Outerwear S. Rothschild Co., Inc. Sleepwear Charles Komar and Sons, Inc. (includes Europe and the Middle East) Intimates and Sleepwear Delta Galil (global) Chaps 5 Star Apparel LLC (includes South America) Beauty Products Fragrances L'Oreal S.A. (global) Footwear Men's and Women's Slippers and Children's Footwear BBC International LLC (global, excluding Japan and South Korea) Accessories Eyewear Luxottica Group S.p.A. (global) Socks and Hosiery Renfro Corporation Socks and Hosiery Naigai Co., Ltd. (Japan only) Home Utility and Blankets Down-lite International, Inc. Lighting Visual Comfort of America LLC (global) International Licensed Distribution Our international licensing partners acquire the right to sell, promote, market, and/or distribute various categories of our products in a given geographic area and source products from us, our product licensing partners, and/or independent sources. International licensees' rights may include the right to own and operate retail stores. As of March 29, 2025, our international licensing partners operated 116 stores. Digital Ecosystem Investing in our digital ecosystem remains a primary focus and is a key component of our integrated global omni-channel strategy that spans across owned and partnered channels, both physical and digital. Our digital ecosystem is comprised of directly-operated platforms, wholesale partner websites, third-party digital pure players, social commerce, and third-party gaming platforms. Our directly-operated digital commerce sites and mobile application represent our digital flagships, featuring the most elevated expression of our brands. The strategy for our digital flagships is to deliver distinct and immersive brand experiences, continuously enhance consumer experience, and develop digital content that drives deeper consumer engagement and conversion. We continue to optimize our customer experience globally with the introduction of numerous features including new payment methods and improved search capabilities, as well as greater personalization and enhanced content. In conjunction with introducing new features, we have focused on foundational needs ranging from platform enhancements to technology solutions to operational efficiencies. Driving our long-term growth strategy, we also continue to scale and expand our Connected Retail capabilities to enhance the consumer experience and leverage inventory across direct-to-consumer channels, which include Online Appointment Bookings, Digital Clienteling, Endless Aisle, Buy Online-Ship from Store, Buy Online-Pick up In Store, Same-Day Delivery, and Mobile Point of Sale and contactless payments, among other capabilities. Our products are also sold through the digital commerce sites of many of our wholesale customers across the globe. With all partners in our ecosystem, we seek to showcase the brand consistently with our values. We collaborate with our key wholesale customers to deliver the right content to the right audience, and leverage consumer insights to develop a holistic, channel-agnostic view of our consumer. 13 We also sell our products online through various third-party digital pure-play sites to reach a broader audience of consumers, including younger consumers, and amplify our brand messages. On many of these sites, we have created digital shop-in-shop environments with a consistent brand experience, tailored product stories, and an assortment that is carefully curated by our merchants. We also partner closely with our pure-play customers on marketing content and events, as well as optimizing search and other data analyses to drive higher traffic and conversion for our brands. In connection with our digital commerce operations, we engage consumers through various digital and social media platforms, which are supported through our collaboration with influencers who have an authentic connection to our brand. Ralph Lauren brands are also represented in several gaming platforms, providing digital apparel offerings and virtual brand experiences that attract younger consumers. Seasonality of Business Our business is typically affected by seasonal trends, with higher levels of retail sales in our second and third fiscal quarters and higher wholesale sales in our second and fourth fiscal quarters. These trends result primarily from the timing of key vacation travel, back-to-school, and holiday shopping periods impacting our retail business and timing of seasonal wholesale shipments. As a result of changes in our business, consumer spending patterns, and the macroeconomic environment, including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, historical quarterly operating trends and working capital requirements may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition, fluctuations in sales, operating income (loss), and cash flows in any fiscal quarter may be affected by other events affecting retail sales, such as changes in weather patterns. Working capital requirements vary throughout the year. Working capital requirements typically increase during the first half of the fiscal year as inventory builds to support peak shipping/selling periods and, accordingly, typically decrease during the second half of the fiscal year as inventory is shipped/sold. Cash provided by operating activities is typically higher in the second half of the fiscal year due to reduced working capital requirements during that period. Product Design Our products reflect a timeless and innovative interpretation of American style with a strong global appeal. Our consistent emphasis on new and distinctive design has been an important contributor to the prominence, strength, and reputation of the Ralph Lauren brands. Our Ralph Lauren products are designed by, and under the direction of, Mr. Ralph Lauren and our design teams. We form design teams around our brands and product categories to develop concepts, themes, and products for each brand and category. Through close collaboration with merchandising, sales, and product management staff, these teams support all of our businesses in order to gain market information and other valuable input. Marketing and Advertising Our marketing and advertising programs communicate the themes and images of our brands and are integral to the success of our product offerings. The majority of our advertising programs are created and executed by our in-house creative and advertising agency to ensure consistency of presentation, which are complemented by our marketing experts in each region who help to execute our localized strategies. We create distinctive image advertising for our brands, conveying the particular message of each one within the context of the overall Ralph Lauren portfolio. Advertisements often portray a lifestyle rather than a specific item and may include a variety of products offered by us and, in some cases, our licensing partners. Our communication campaigns are increasingly being executed through digital and social media platforms to drive further engagement with the younger consumer. With regard to influencers, we believe in fostering long-term relationships with those who have an authentic connection to our brand and influence the areas of culture that matter most to our audiences. We also continue to advertise through print and outdoor media, and, to a lesser extent, through television and cinema. Our digital advertising programs focus on high impact and innovative digital media outlets, which allow us to convey our key brand messages and lifestyle positioning. We also develop digital editorial initiatives that allow for deeper education and engagement around the Ralph Lauren lifestyle. We deploy these marketing and advertising initiatives through online, mobile, video, email, and social media. Our digital commerce sites present the Ralph Lauren lifestyle online, while offering a broad array of our apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality product lines. 14 Additionally, we advertise in consumer and trade publications, and participate in cooperative advertising on a shared cost basis with some of our wholesale and licensing partners. We have outdoor advertising placements in key cities as well, focusing on impact and reach. We also provide point-of-sale fixtures and signage to our wholesale customers to enhance the presentation of our products at their retail locations. In addition, when our licensing partners are required to spend an amount equal to a percentage of their licensed product sales on advertising, in certain cases we coordinate the advertising placement on their behalf. We believe our investments in shop-within-shop environments and retail stores, including our global flagship locations, contribute to and enhance the themes of our brands to consumers. We also conduct a variety of public relations activities, including fashion presentations in major cities such as New York City and Milan. Such fashion events, in addition to celebrity dressing occasions, including those related to red carpet events, weddings, and major sporting events, and events hosted in our stores and restaurants, including The Polo Bar in New York City, generate extensive domestic and international media and social coverage. We are the official outfitter for all on-court officials at the Wimbledon, U.S. Open, and Australian Open tennis tournaments. These tournaments provide worldwide exposure for our brand in a relevant lifestyle environment. We also continue to be an Official Outfitter of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Teams, providing the Opening and Closing Ceremony Uniform apparel and a collection of Villagewear apparel and accessories available to men, women, and children, with the right to manufacture, distribute, advertise, promote, and sell products in the U.S. Most recently, we dressed Team USA for the Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris in 2024, and we will be dressing the team for the upcoming Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Milan in 2026, and the Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games in Los Angeles in 2028. As part of our involvement with Team USA, we have established a partnership with athletes serving as brand ambassadors and as the faces of our advertising, marketing, and public relations campaigns. We are also an Official Partner for the Professional Golfers' Association ("PGA") of America and the Official Outfitter of the U.S. Ryder Cup Team, as well as a partner of the American Junior Golf Association. We sponsor a roster of professional golfers, including Andrea Lee, Billy Horschel, Davis Love III, Devon Bling, Doc Redman, Jonathan Byrd, Megha Ganne, Nick Watney, Sean Foley, Smylie Kaufman, Todd Anderson, Tom Watson, Trevor Werbylo, Troy Taylor II, Tyler Strafaci, and Zach Johnson. We believe our partnerships with such prestigious global athletic events reinforce our brand's Sport Style heritage in a truly authentic way and serve to connect our Company and brands to our consumers through their individual areas of passion. Sourcing, Production and Quality We contract for the manufacture of our products with suppliers and do not own or operate any production facilities. Approximately 300 different suppliers worldwide produce our apparel, footwear accessories, and home products, with no one supplier providing more than 5% of our total products (by dollar value) during Fiscal 2025. Our Global Sourcing organization closely supervises these suppliers to make our designs as per our specifications and standards. Ralph Lauren's Quality Assurance team works with suppliers to ensure best practices are carried out prior to and during production. Compliance to our standards is ensured through our Quality Control requirements and follow-up inspections and reviews. Both the initial Quality Assurance work and the Quality Control requirements ensure merchandise is received at the distribution facilities and shipped to customers with minimal interruption. Management continually monitors political, economic, social, environmental, trade, and labor risks. We manage our exposure through, among other measures, by diversifying production among countries and suppliers and sourcing from countries with trade preferences. In Fiscal 2025, approximately 96% of our products (by dollar value) were produced outside of the U.S., primarily in Asia, Europe, and Latin America, with approximately 20% of our products sourced from Vietnam, 16% from Cambodia, and 12% from China. See " Import Restrictions and Other Government Regulations, " Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business," and Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications ." We are committed to conducting our global operations ethically and with respect for the dignity of all people who make our products. All our suppliers are expected to uphold our Ralph Lauren Operating Standards. These standards require business partners to foster a safe, sustainable, inclusive, and ethical workplace through continuous improvement. Our Global Citizenship team monitors the compliance of our business partners as part of our due diligence processes. Our business model requires us to commit to most of our garment production and related fabric procurement before actual sales occur. In cases where we overestimate customer demand for specific products or materials, we manage excess inventory by redirecting these items to our outlet stores and other secondary sales channels. 15 Competition Competition is very strong in the segments of the fashion and consumer product industries in which we operate. We compete with an extensive range of designers and manufacturers of apparel, footwear, accessories, fragrances, and home products, both domestic and international. We also face increasing competition from companies selling our product categories solely through the Internet. Some of our competitors may be significantly larger and have substantially greater resources than us. We compete primarily on the basis of brand strength, timeless style, quality, value, and service, which depend on our ability to: anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demands and shopping preferences, including the ever-increasing shift to digital brand engagement, social media communications, and online and cross-channel shopping; create and maintain favorable brand recognition, loyalty, and a reputation for quality, including through digital brand engagement and online and social media presence; develop and produce innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to consumers of varying demographics; competitively price our products and create a compelling value proposition for consumers; provide strong and effective marketing support in several diverse demographic markets, including through digital and social media platforms in order to stay better connected to consumers; establish relationships with athletes, musicians, influencers, and other celebrities to promote our brands and products; provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce sites; adapt to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; obtain sufficient and desirable retail floor space and effectively present our products to consumers; attract consumer traffic to stores, shop-within-shops, and digital commerce sites; source sustainable and traceable raw materials at cost-effective prices; anticipate and maintain proper inventory levels; ensure product availability and optimize supply chain and distribution efficiencies; maintain and grow market share; recruit and retain talent to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; protect our intellectual property; and withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations We face intense competition worldwide in the markets in which we operate ." 16 Distribution To facilitate global distribution, our products are shipped from manufacturers to a network of distribution centers around the world for inspection, sorting, packing, and delivery to our retail locations and digital commerce and wholesale customers. This network includes the following primary distribution facilities: Facility Location Geographic Region Serviced Facility Ownership N. Pendleton Street, High Point, North Carolina U.S. Owned NC Highway 66, High Point, North Carolina U.S. Leased Toronto, Ontario Canada Third-party Parma, Italy Europe and Latin America Third-party Yokohama, Japan Japan Third-party Bugok, South Korea South Korea Leased Tuen Mun, Hong Kong China and Southeast Asia (a) Third-party (a) Includes Australia and New Zealand. All facilities are designed to allow for high-density cube storage and value-added services and utilize unit and carton tracking technology to facilitate process control and inventory management. The distribution network is managed through globally integrated information technology systems. Information Systems Our information systems facilitate business processes, consumer experiences, and decision-making support across the Company and our extended ecosystem of manufacturers, vendors, business partners, and customers. Our system applications are connected to support the flow of information across functions, including, but not limited to (i) product design, sourcing, and production; (ii) merchandising planning and buying; (iii) comprehensive order processing, fulfillment, and distribution; (iv) retail store, digital commerce, and hospitality operations; (v) marketing and advertising; (vi) financial accounting and management reporting; and (vii) human resources. Our retail operation systems, including point-of-sale registers and merchandising, planning, and inventory management systems, support operational processes within our store network and link with our digital commerce processes to support omni-channel capabilities. We are continually improving and upgrading our computer systems, services, and software. For example, during Fiscal 2025, we continued to enhance our solutions for advanced analytics, furthering our use of artificial intelligence ("AI"), both predictive and generative, and machine learning ("ML") for areas such as planning, marketing, and personalization. Our digital commerce enhancements included expanded payment methods, improved search capabilities, more personalized user experiences, and elevated content offerings. We are also in the early stages of executing a large-scale multi-year global project that is expected to significantly transform the way in which we operate our business and further enable our long-term strategic pivot towards a global direct-to-consumer-oriented model (the "Next Generation Transformation project" or "NGT project"). The NGT project will be completed in phases and involves the redesigning of certain end-to-end processes and the implementation of a suite of information systems on a global scale. See Item 1 " Business Recent Developments " for further discussion regarding our NGT project. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Information Systems and Data Security. " See Item 1C " Cybersecurity " for discussion regarding our cybersecurity risk management and strategy, as well as our cybersecurity governance. 17 Wholesale Credit Control We manage our own credit function. We sell our merchandise principally to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners, and extend credit based on an evaluation of the wholesale customer's financial capacity and condition, usually without requiring collateral. We monitor credit levels and the financial condition of our wholesale customers on a continuing basis to minimize credit risk. We do not factor or underwrite our accounts receivables, nor do we maintain credit insurance to manage the risk of bad debts. In North America, collection and deduction transactional activities are primarily provided through a third-party service provider. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a limited number of large wholesale customers. Our business could be adversely affected as a result of consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, other ownership changes in the retail industry, and/or any financial instability of our large wholesale customers ." Trademarks We own the RALPH LAUREN, POLO, POLO RALPH LAUREN, and the famous Polo Player Design trademarks in the U.S. and over 120 countries worldwide. Other trademarks that we own include, but are not limited to: PURPLE LABEL; DOUBLE RL; RRL DESIGN; RLX; RL; LAUREN RALPH LAUREN; PINK PONY; LAUREN; RALPH; POLO BEAR; and CHAPS. Mr. Ralph Lauren has the royalty-free right to use as trademarks RALPH LAUREN, DOUBLE RL, and RRL in perpetuity in connection with, among other things, beef and living animals. The trademarks DOUBLE RL and RRL are currently used by the Double RL Company, an entity wholly owned by Mr. R. Lauren. In addition, Mr. R. Lauren has the right to engage in personal projects involving film or theatrical productions (not including or relating to our business) through RRL Productions, Inc., a company wholly owned by Mr. R. Lauren. Any activity by these companies has no direct impact on us. Our trademarks are the subject of registrations and pending applications throughout the world for use on a variety of items of apparel, apparel-related products and accessories, home furnishings, restaurant and caf services, online services and online publications, and beauty products, as well as in connection with retail services, and we continue to expand our worldwide usage and registration of related trademarks. In general, trademarks remain valid and enforceable as long as the marks are used in connection with the related products and services and the required registration renewals are filed. We regard the license to use the trademarks and our other proprietary rights in and to the trademarks as extremely valuable assets in marketing our products and, on a worldwide basis, vigorously seek to protect them against infringement. As a result of the appeal of our trademarks, our products have been the object of counterfeiting. While we have a broad enforcement program which has been generally effective in protecting our intellectual property rights and limiting the sale of counterfeit products in the U.S. and in most major markets abroad, we face greater challenges with respect to enforcing our rights against trademark infringement in certain parts of Asia. 18 In markets outside of the U.S., our rights to some or all of our trademarks may not be clearly established. Over the course of our international expansion, we have experienced conflicts with various third parties who have acquired ownership rights in certain trademarks, including POLO and/or a representation of a Polo Player Design, which impede our use and registration of our principal trademarks. While such conflicts are common and may arise again from time to time as we continue our international expansion, we have, in general, successfully resolved such conflicts in the past through both legal action and negotiated settlements with third-party owners of the conflicting marks (see Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected outside the U.S. " and Item 3 " Legal Proceedings " for further discussion). Although we have not suffered any material restraints or restrictions on doing business in desirable markets in the past, we cannot assure that significant impediments will not arise in the future as we expand product offerings and introduce trademarks to new markets. Import Restrictions and Other Government Regulations Virtually all of our merchandise imported into the Americas, Europe, Asia, Australia, and New Zealand is subject to duties. In addition, most of the countries to which we ship could impose safeguard quotas and duties to protect their local industries from import surges that threaten to create market disruption. The U.S. and other countries may also unilaterally impose additional duties in response to a particular product being imported at unfairly traded prices in such increased quantities that would cause (or threaten) injury to the relevant domestic industry (generally known as "anti-dumping" actions). If dumping is suspected in the U.S., the U.S. government may self-initiate a dumping case on behalf of the U.S. textile industry which could significantly affect our costs. Furthermore, additional duties, generally known as countervailing duties, can also be imposed by the U.S. government to offset subsidies provided by a foreign government to foreign manufacturers if the importation of such subsidized merchandise injures or threatens to injure a U.S. industry. In addition, each of the countries in which our products are sold has laws and regulations covering imports. Because the U.S. and the other countries in which our products are manufactured and sold may, from time to time, impose new duties, tariffs, surcharges, or other import controls or restrictions, or adjust presently prevailing duty or tariff rates or levels, we maintain a program of intensive monitoring of import restrictions and opportunities. We seek to minimize our potential exposure to import-related risks through, among other measures, adjustments in product design and fabrication, shifts of production among countries and manufacturers, and through geographical diversification of our sources of supply. As almost all of our products are manufactured by foreign suppliers, the enactment of new legislation or the administration of current international trade regulations or executive action affecting textile agreements, or changes in sourcing patterns could adversely affect our operations. We are also subject to other international trade agreements, such as the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the Central American Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Peru Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Jordan Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement and other special trade preference programs. A portion of our imported products are eligible for certain of these duty-advantaged programs. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, and Tax Matters Our ability to conduct business globally may be affected by a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks " and " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business is subject to risks associated with importing products and the ability of our manufacturers to produce our goods on time and to our specifications. " Apparel and other products sold by us are under the jurisdiction of multiple governmental agencies, including, in the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Customs Border Protection, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Consumer Products Safety Commission. Our products are also subject to regulation in the U.S. and other countries, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, which relate principally to product labeling, licensing requirements, and consumer product safety requirements and regulatory testing, particularly with respect to products used by children. Any failure to comply with such requirements could result in significant penalties and require us to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with these regulations, as well as applicable federal, state, local, and foreign rules and regulations governing the discharge of materials hazardous to the environment. Our licensed products, licensing partners, buying/sourcing agents, and the vendors and factories with which we contract for the manufacture and distribution of our products are also subject to regulation. Our agreements require our licensing partners, buying/sourcing agents, vendors, and factories to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we are not aware of any violations which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or operating results. 19 We are also subject to disclosure and reporting requirements, established under existing or new federal or state laws, such as the requirements to identify the origin and existence of certain "conflict minerals" under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and disclosures of specific actions to eradicate abusive labor practices in our supply chain under the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act. While we require our suppliers to operate in compliance with all applicable laws and our operating guidelines which promote ethical and socially responsible business practices, any violation of labor, environmental, health, and safety or other laws, or any divergence by an independent supplier's labor practices from generally accepted industry standards, could damage our reputation, disrupt our sourcing capabilities, and increase the cost of doing business, adversely affecting our results of operations. See Item 1A " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations Our business could suffer if we fail to comply with labor laws or if one of our manufacturers fails to use acceptable labor or environmental practices. " Although we have not suffered any material restriction from doing business in desirable markets in the past, we cannot assure that significant impediments will not arise in the future as we expand product offerings and introduce additional trademarks to new markets. Human Capital Our purpose is to inspire the dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. This purpose extends to how we provide resources to support our employees' health, well-being, work-life harmony, and quality of life. We believe that attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse work force that is both skilled and motivated is critical to the successful execution of our long-term growth strategy. To this end, we are committed to creating a culture and work environment in which all employees feel welcome and can thrive, both as individuals and as part of our team. Our Board of Directors regularly reviews our people and development strategic initiatives. Our Employees As of March 29, 2025, we had approximately 23,400 employees, comprised of approximately 15,000 full-time and 8,400 part-time employees. Approximately 9,800 of our employees are located in the U.S. and 13,600 are located in foreign countries. As of March 29, 2025, approximately 64% and 36% of our global workforce self-identified as female and male, respectively. In the U.S., approximately 59% of our workforce self-identified as an underrepresented race and ethnic group and 34% self-identified as White, with the remaining 7% electing not to disclose such information. Belonging Equity We believe a diversity of backgrounds, skills, and experiences of our employees and our culture of inclusivity drive innovation and creativity. We are committed to further strengthening a sense of belonging and equal opportunities for all within our Company. Our strategy is guided by the following three focus areas: 1. Talent We ensure that fostering a culture of inclusion and belonging is a priority company-wide, resulting in the cultivation of diverse, best-in-class teams and equal opportunities for development. We also plan to drive progress towards our goal of exceeding an 80% employee survey score on "my manager creates a sense of belonging for the entire team." 2. Engagement We enable open dialogue and create opportunities for the amplification of all voices and perspectives. Our Employee Impact Groups harness the talent and passion of our employees from around the world to help create an inclusive and engaging company culture. 3. Learning We remain dedicated to the growth and advancement of our talent and offer a wide range of development programs for all levels, including on-the-job training, coaching, and skill-building through our various customized learning and training programs. All our employee learning and development programs aim to promote our Ralph Lauren Success Drivers the key attributes, skills, ways of thinking, and behaviors that ultimately create conditions that better enable individuals and teams to succeed. Additional information relating to our initiatives can be found in our most recently published Global Citizenship Sustainability Report covering Fiscal 2024, which is available on our corporate website at https://corporate.ralphlauren.com/citizenship-and-sustainability. Our Global Citizenship Sustainability Report covering Fiscal 2025 is expected to be released in September 2025. The content of our sustainability reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 20 Talent Development Throughout Fiscal 2025, we evolved from a focus on Talent Development to a more holistic approach under the Employee Learning Experience. This transformation reflects our commitment to providing meaningful, purpose-driven learning opportunities that resonate on a personal level, evoke emotion, and inspire thoughtful self-reflection and connection to our Purpose and Strategy. The Employee Learning Experience model enables us to offer more tailored, meaningful learning journeys that align with our purpose and foster continuous development. A cornerstone of this transformation has been the continued delivery of Situational Leadership II ("SLII") for all people leaders. This experience reinforces a shared understanding of leadership development and strengthens our ability to grow high-performing teams that drive organizational success. Building on the foundation of SLII, a key highlight of Fiscal 2025 has been the launch of Purpose Driven Coaching. As we evolve our leadership philosophy, we are transitioning from traditional management styles to a coaching-oriented mindset. This shift promotes greater accountability, while ensuring employees feel seen, heard, and valued fundamentally enhancing engagement and performance. In parallel, we have placed significant emphasis on career development and aspirations. Our goal is to empower employees to take ownership of their career journeys by providing visibility into various career paths and organizational functions. This initiative has included Career Aspiration Days, where employees engage in interactive learning sessions and connect directly with cross-functional teams to explore required skills and competencies. In Europe and Asia we also launched our Associate Career Development Journeys highlighting key skills and behaviors required to grow and develop at each level. Additionally, we have introduced comprehensive Career Aspiration Toolkits for managers. These resources are designed to support meaningful career conversations and help teams navigate the full spectrum of career growth opportunities within the organization. These initiatives reflect our unwavering commitment to building a culture of continuous learning, intentional growth, and empowered leadership aligned with our Purpose positioning us for long-term success. Employee Safety and Well-Being We are committed to the safety, health, and overall well-being of each of our employees and their families, providing a wide array of physical, emotional, social, and financial support to meet this objective. THRIVE, our global wellness program and related application tool, provides access to volunteer events and physical and mental wellness support. The THRIVE application also provides a daily pulse question through Microsoft Teams, which links to additional wellness articles based on an employee's response. In addition, these pulse responses are tracked so that employees can view their well-being progress. In partnership with THRIVE, we also introduced a variety of activations throughout the year from educational webinars on topics such as family, mind, finance, harmony, and health, to Wellness Journeys, a three-part training series delivered in each region and tailored to local Health Wellness priorities. These efforts also included a company-wide Summer Challenge focused on promoting physical activity. To streamline access to our resources and ensure consistency across all markets, we rebranded and relaunched our global wellness offering under the unified name RL Wellness. This shift reinforces our global approach to employee well-being and introduces new tools, including the RL Wellness Catalogue a comprehensive, evergreen resource that clearly outlines the support available in each region and the Quarterly Wellness Digest, a global initiative designed to increase visibility and alignment of our Health Wellness efforts across all three regions. Part of these efforts include conversations with external mental health and wellness experts including Olympians, leading psychologists, and best-selling authors who shared insights to support and inspire our global teams. We also continue to offer key well-being services around the world, including Gympass in the U.S., which supports physical and mental wellness through access to thousands of fitness centers and digital health partners; Bond in France, the United Kingdom, and the U.S., a personal safety app that provides real-time support from trained security professionals in situations that may feel unsafe; and Benefit Station in Japan, providing discounts on gyms, travel, language schools, restaurants, childcare, and elderly care services. 21 Compensation and Benefits We are committed to providing competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain a diverse and talented workforce. In addition, we take a proactive approach to pay equity and continually monitor our compensation programs to promote fairness. We offer a wide array of both employer-paid and employee-paid benefits to support our employees' overall financial, physical, and mental well-being, including, but not limited to, healthcare and welfare benefits, retirement savings, paid time off, temporary leave, sabbaticals, and flexible work arrangements. We understand that everyone has unique needs when it comes to caring for and growing their families. With the rise in cancer diagnoses, specifically around breast cancer and skin cancer, starting in January 2025, we are providing free additional coverage to essential screenings above the national guidelines to lower overall cost of treatment for our U.S. employees and provide better outcomes for those impacted. In addition, all Ralph Lauren employees and their eligible dependents will have the ability to virtually meet and consult with an expert from Memorial Sloan Kettering for free if they receive a cancer diagnosis. In previous years, part-time employee benefits eligibility was determined by the average number of hours worked per week in a 12-month lookback period. Now, all part-time employees with one year of service, regardless of average hours worked, will be eligible for Ralph Lauren benefits for calendar 2025. Our two medical plan options have been enhanced to provide more coverage, such as diagnostic doctor's visits, and one of our medical plan options also includes additional coverage, such as diagnostic testing and prescription drugs. In addition, dental and vision coverage is also available and can be purchased without the requirement to bundle with a medical plan. Information About Our Executive Officers As of the filing date of this Form 10-K, the following are our current executive officers and their principal recent business experience: Ralph Lauren Age 85 Mr. Ralph Lauren founded our business in 1967 and, for over five decades, has cultivated the iconography of America into a global lifestyle brand. He has been our Executive Chairman and Chief Creative Officer since November 2015, and a director of the Company since prior to our initial public offering in 1997. He had previously been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since prior to our initial public offering in 1997 until November 2015. In addition, he was previously a member of our Advisory Board or the Board of Directors of our predecessors since their organization. Patrice Louvet Age 60 Mr. Louvet has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director of the Company since July 2017. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the Group President, Global Beauty, of Procter Gamble Co. ("P G") since February 2015. Prior to that role, Mr. Louvet held successively senior leadership positions at P G, including the roles of Group President, Global Grooming (Gillette), and President of P G's Global Prestige Business. Before he joined P G, he served as a Naval Officer, Admiral Aide de Camp in the French Navy from 1987 to 1989. Mr. Louvet graduated from cole Sup rieure de Commerce de Paris and received his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois. Mr. Louvet also serves on the board of trustees of the Hospital of Special Surgery and joined the board of directors of Danone in April 2022. He is also on the CEO Advisory Council of the Fashion Pact, a coalition committed to advancing environmental sustainability in the fashion and textile industries. 22 Robert Ranftl Age 53 Mr. Ranftl has been our Chief Operating Officer since April 2025. He is responsible for Global IT, Digital, Transformation, Logistics, Real Estate, Architecture and Store Design, and Licensing for the Company. He joined the Company as Chief Operating Officer of Asia Pacific in 2015 based in Hong Kong. He served as Chief Operating Officer of International for Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America from April 2017 to April 2019 based in Geneva. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Commercial from April 2019 to April 2022 based in London. Most recently, Mr. Ranftl served as Regional CEO for North America from April 2022 to April 2025 where he was instrumental in leading the execution and progress toward the Company s Next Great Chapter: Accelerate strategic goals, including returning the North America business to growth. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ranftl was with the VF Corporation where he was the Chief Financial Officer of Asia Pacific. Mr. Ranftl earned his Bachelor of Science degree from Johnson State College in Vermont. Justin Picicci Age 46 Mr. Picicci has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 2024. He joined the Company in 2006 and has held a series of senior finance leadership roles across the organization. Most recently, he served as Enterprise Chief Financial Officer from July 2022 through April 2024, overseeing all internal finance functions. Prior to that, he held several key leadership positions, including Chief Financial Officer of North America (January 2020 to June 2022), Global Controller (June 2017 to December 2019), and Chief Financial Officer of Asia based in Hong Kong (May 2015 to May 2017). Before joining the Company, Mr. Picicci held finance roles at Interpublic Group and KPMG. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University at Albany. David Lauren Age 53 Mr. David Lauren has been our Chief Branding and Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board since April 2022. He served as our Chief Innovation Officer, Strategic Advisor to the CEO, and Vice Chairman of the Board from October 2016 to March 2022. Prior to that, he served in numerous leadership roles at the Company with responsibility for advertising, marketing, communications, and philanthropy. He has been a director of the Company since August 2013. Mr. D. Lauren oversees the Company's innovation strategy, processes, and capabilities to drive its brand strength and financial performance across all channels. He has been instrumental in growing the Company's global digital commerce business and pioneering our technology initiatives. Mr. D. Lauren is also the President of The Ralph Lauren Corporate Foundation (formerly known as The Polo Ralph Lauren Foundation). Before joining the Company in 2000, he was Editor-In-Chief and President of Swing, a general interest publication for Generation X. Mr. D. Lauren is the son of Mr. R. Lauren. Halide Alag z Age 53 Ms. Alag z joined the Company as the Corporate Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing and Sourcing in 2016. She has been our Chief Product Merchandising Officer since March 2025. Ms. Alag z is responsible for our end-to-end product life cycle, bringing the magic of our design and product vision to life for our consumers around the world. She leads all brand and product teams, driving innovation and execution from development and merchandising, to sourcing and through our store presentation of all products across the Ralph Lauren portfolio. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Alag z was with H M Corporation for 18 years, most recently in Hong Kong as the Head of Purchasing. During her tenure with H M, Ms. Alag z was responsible for various regional and global supply chain operations in Hong Kong, China, Bangladesh, and Turkey. She also serves on the board of directors of the American Apparel Footwear Association since April 2018 and was confirmed as its Chair for its 2025-2026 term in March 2024. Ms. Alag z earned both her bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering and her master's degree in Engineering Management from Istanbul Technical University. 23 Item 1A. Risk Factors There are risks associated with an investment in our securities. The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risk factors could materially adversely affect our business, including our prospects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the trading price of our securities, and/or the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business in future periods or if circumstances change. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions Economic, political, and other conditions, including the imposition of significant new tariffs or other changes to existing trade policies and agreements, may adversely affect the global economy and/or the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products. The global economy and retail industry are impacted by many uncontrollable factors, including, among others, diplomatic and trade relationships, including potential changes to international trade policies or agreements, such as the imposition of new tariffs; general domestic and international political conditions; consumer perceptions of current and future economic conditions, including any recessionary fears; inflation; interest rates; foreign currency exchange rates; the availability and price of commodities, including fuel and energy costs; employment levels and wage rates; stock market performance; the housing market; consumer debt levels; the availability of consumer credit; the health and stability of the banking sector; global food supplies; taxation; the threat, outbreak, or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts, or other hostilities; consumer perceptions of personal well-being and safety; man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases; and weather conditions. Most recently, the U.S. announced significant changes to its trade policies, including widespread tariff increases on imported goods (including on those countries from which we import a substantial amount of our finished products, most notably Vietnam, Cambodia, and China) with potential further increases and revisions or terminations to existing trade agreements. In response, many countries have announced or are otherwise considering retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports and other trade restrictions. This has led to significant uncertainty regarding the future relationship between the U.S. and other countries, as well as growing concerns about a global trade war, higher inflation, and a potential global recession, which has already caused significant volatility of global stock markets and foreign currency exchange rates. Other recent economic conditions, including ongoing inflationary pressures, organized labor disputes, high interest rates, significant foreign currency volatility, and military conflicts (as discussed below), continue to impact consumer discretionary income levels, spending, and sentiment in the U.S. and beyond. In response to such pressures, as well as to reduce elevated inventory levels, many retailers (particularly in the U.S.) continue to resort to promotional activity in an attempt to offset traffic declines and increase conversion. Our gross margins could be adversely impacted if we were to apply a similar strategy over a prolonged period of time. The global economy has also been negatively impacted by ongoing military conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas wars, militant attacks on cargo vessels in the Red Sea, and other hostilities in the Middle East. Although our voluntary decision to suspend operations in Russia has not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and our ongoing operations in Israel are also not material, our business has been, and may continue to be, affected by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from these and other military conflicts, including inflationary pressures, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and financial market volatility, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and confidence. Although our business has not been significantly impacted by the Red Sea crisis, it could lead to shipping delays, inventory shortages, and/or higher freight costs in the near future and beyond. It is not clear at this time how long these conflicts will endure, or if they will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further amplify the impacts of the various macroeconomic factors described above and potentially result in a global recession. Consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, tend to decline during periods of recession, high inflation, or rising interest rates, and at other times when disposable income is lower. Unfavorable economic conditions and other factors, such as pandemic diseases and other health-related concerns, political unrest, military conflicts, and acts of terrorism, may also reduce consumers' willingness and ability to travel to major cities and vacation destinations in which our stores and shop-within-shops are located. Further, consumers may prefer to spend more of their discretionary income on "experiences," such as dining and entertainment, over consumer goods. Stay-at-home orders, social gathering restrictions, and work-from-home arrangements, such as those resulting from pandemic diseases, may also diminish consumers' demand for luxury apparel products. Accordingly, a downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economies in which 24 we, or our wholesale customers and licensing partners, sell our products, or other changes in consumer preferences, may materially adversely affect our business. Economic conditions could have a negative impact on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. Although we believe that our existing cash and investments, cash provided by operations, and available borrowing capacity under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper borrowing program will provide us with sufficient liquidity, the impact of adverse economic conditions (such as ongoing inflationary pressures and high interest rates) on our major customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders and their ability to access global capital markets cannot be predicted. The inability of third parties to manufacture and/or ship our products due to insufficient liquidity or otherwise could impair our ability to meet the delivery date requirements of our customers. A disruption in the ability of our significant customers to access liquidity could cause serious disruptions or an overall deterioration of their businesses which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any deterioration in global financial or capital markets could affect our ability to access sources of liquidity to provide for our future cash needs, increase the cost of any future financing, or cause our lenders to be unable to meet their funding commitments under our credit and overdraft facilities. We also regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") insured banks, which exceed the FDIC insurance limits. In addition, we maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not insured or are only partially insured by the FDIC or other similar agencies. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Our major customers, suppliers, and vendors may also be subject to similar risks, which in turn could have a resulting material adverse impact on our business if they were to lose access to sufficient liquidity. Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations. Our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. Specifically, changes in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies impact our financial results from a transactional perspective, as our foreign operations generally purchase inventory in U.S. Dollars. Given that we source most of our products overseas, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Changes in currency exchange rates may also impact consumers' willingness or ability to travel abroad and/or purchase our products while traveling, as well as affect the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency denominated prices at which our international businesses sell products. Additionally, the operating results and financial position of our international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as their financial results are translated from the respective local currency into U.S. Dollars during the financial statement consolidation process. The foreign currencies to which we are exposed to from a transactional and translational perspective primarily include the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the British Pound Sterling, the South Korean Won, the Chinese Renminbi, the Canadian Dollar, the Swiss Franc, and the Australian Dollar. The expansion of our international business increases our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. Although we hedge certain exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course of business, we cannot fully anticipate all of our currency exposures and therefore foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, factors that could impact the effectiveness of our hedging activities include the volatility of currency markets, the accuracy of forecasted transactions, and the availability of hedging instruments. As such, our hedging activities may not completely mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. Infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Widespread public health emergencies or infectious disease outbreaks, such as the novel strain of coronavirus commonly referred to as COVID-19, have had, and could again in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Potential impacts to our business include, but are not limited to: (i) our ability to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy; (ii) supply chain disruptions resulting from closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, shipping and loading capacity constraints, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, including any related cost increases; (iii) reduced retail traffic at our stores and those of our wholesale 25 customers and licensing partners due to forced closures or other operational restrictions, such as reduced capacity limits and operating hours, declines in tourism, and/or potential changes in consumer behavior and shopping preferences, such as their willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations and the overall growing preference to shop online versus at traditional brick and mortar locations; (iv) potential declines in the level of consumer purchases of discretionary items and luxury retail products, including our products, caused by higher unemployment and lower disposable income levels, inflationary pressures, travel and social gathering restrictions, work-from-home arrangements, or other factors beyond our control; (v) the potential build-up of excess inventory as a result of store closures and/or lower consumer demand; (vi) temporary closures or other operational restrictions of our distribution centers and/or corporate facilities; (vii) our ability to attract, retain, and manage employees; (viii) additional costs to protect the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities, such as more frequent and thorough cleanings of our facilities and supplying personal protection equipment; (ix) the potential loss of one or more of our significant wholesale customers or licensing partners, or the loss of a large number of smaller wholesale customers or licensing partners, if they are not able to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables; (x) increased vulnerability to data security or privacy breaches as a result of remote working arrangements; (xi) our ability to successfully negotiate with landlords to obtain rent abatements, rent deferrals, and other relief; (xii) our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments, as well as the ability of our key customers, suppliers, and vendors to do the same with regard to their own obligations; (xiii) our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to support our operations, including repayment of our debt obligations as they become due, as well as to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock; (xiv) diversion of management attention and resources from ongoing business activities and/or a decrease in employee morale; and (xv) our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliance with the requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Risks Related to our Strategic Initiatives and Restructuring Activities We cannot assure the successful implementation of our growth strategy. We have developed a long-term growth strategy with the objective of delivering sustainable, profitable growth and long-term value creation for shareholders, as outlined in Item 1 "Business Objectives and Opportunities." Our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy is subject to various risks and uncertainties, as described herein. Although we believe that our growth strategy will lead to long-term growth in revenue and profitability, there can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits, if at all. Our failure to realize the anticipated benefits, which may be due to our inability to execute the various elements of our growth strategy, changes in consumer preferences, competition, economic conditions (including potential changes to existing trade policies and agreements, including higher tariffs on U.S. imports, as well as inflationary pressures), and other risks described herein, such as those related to pandemic diseases, supply chain disruptions, and military conflicts or other hostilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such a failure could also result in the implementation of new restructuring-related activities, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. Achievement of our growth strategy may require investment in new capabilities, distribution channels, and technologies, such as those related to our Next Generation Transformation project. These investments may result in short-term costs without accompanying current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term. There can be no assurance regarding the timing of or extent to which we will realize the anticipated benefits of these investments and other costs, if at all. We may not be successful in the expansion of our multi-channel distribution network or accelerating growth in certain product categories. Implementation of our growth strategy involves the continuation and expansion of our multi-channel distribution network, including within international markets such as China, which is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to (i) identify new or underpenetrated markets where our products and brand will be accepted by consumers; (ii) attract customers, particularly in new markets; (iii) identify desirable freestanding and department store locations, the availability of which may be out of our control; (iv) negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; (v) efficiently and cost effectively build-out stores and shop-within-shops; (vi) source sufficient inventory levels timely to meet the needs of the new stores and shop-within-shops; (vii) hire, train, and retain competent store personnel; and (viii) integrate new stores and shop-within-shops into our existing systems and operations. Any of these challenges could delay or otherwise prevent us from successfully executing our distribution expansion strategy. There can be no assurance that our new stores and shop-within-shops will be successful and profitable or if the capital costs associated with the build-out of such new locations will be recovered. Further, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new or existing competitors that have a more established market presence than us or other competitive advantages. Other risks related to our international expansion plans include (i) changes in general economic conditions in specific countries and markets, including those resulting from inflationary pressures, pandemic diseases, natural or man-made 26 disasters, civil or political instability, or military conflicts, terrorist acts, or other hostilities; (ii) changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and any resulting anti-American sentiment; (iii) foreign government regulation; (iv) risks associated with importing products; and (v) restrictions on the repatriation of funds held internationally, among other risks described herein. If our expansion plans are unsuccessful or do not deliver an appropriate return on our investments, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. The success of our business also depends largely on our ability to continue to maintain, enhance, and expand our digital footprint and capabilities. Consumers continue to increasingly shop online using computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, and also use such devices to perform comparison shopping on a real-time basis. Certain adverse events, such as pandemic diseases and severe weather, tend to amplify this trend, as consumers may find it difficult to travel to our brick and mortar locations or otherwise prefer to avoid populated locations, such as indoor shopping centers. Any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure, and user-friendly digital commerce platforms, including mobile apps, could negatively impact our customers' shopping experience resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands, and lost sales. In addition, as we continue to expand and increase the global presence of our digital commerce business, sales from our brick and mortar stores and wholesale channels of distribution in areas where digital commerce sites are introduced may decline due to changes in consumer shopping habits and cannibalization. Our growth strategy also includes accelerating growth in certain high-potential, underdeveloped product categories, comprised of women's apparel, outerwear, and handbags. We compete with other retailers in these product categories, some of which may be significantly larger than us and more established in these product categories, and competition is intense, as described within other risk factors herein. There can be no assurance that our targeted expansion in these product categories will be successful. The success of our business depends on our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and provide a seamless shopping experience to our customers. The industries in which we operate have historically been subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences. Our success depends in large part on our ability to originate and define fashion product and home product trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to 