=== DLTR_2025-05-06.htm.gz ===
tm252256-1_nonfiling - none - 27.213413s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 DOLLAR TREE, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Dear Fellow Shareholders, You are cordially invited to join us for our 2025 virtual annual meeting of shareholders, which will be held online via webcast on Thursday, June 19th, at 9 a.m. Eastern Time. The Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Proxy Statement that follow describe the business to be conducted at the meeting. 2024 was a pivotal year in Dollar Tree s multi-year transformation journey, and while this report focuses on 2024, we will also highlight some key developments in early 2025 that represent important milestones for the Company. Leadership Evolution In 2024, I was honored to have been selected by the Board of Directors to serve as Chairman, following the departure of Rick Dreiling. At the same time, the Board appointed Michael C. Creedon Jr. Chief Executive Officer, and in 2025, Mike also joined the Board of Directors. Securing our future top management underscores the Board s commitment to positioning Dollar Tree for long-term success. Mike s operational expertise and deep understanding of the business, coupled with his strategic vision and collaborative leadership, will help guide Dollar Tree to growth and success. We have now also added proven executive Stewart Glendinning, who has a strong track record of driving financial excellence, as our CFO. Under the leadership of the Board of Directors, I am fully confident that Mike and his team will continue to drive forward on our multi-year transformation journey with a focus on delivering value to our customers and shareholders. Strengthening Our Board Expertise Our Board of Directors remains dedicated to ensuring strong corporate governance, aligned with our business strategy to ensure the long-term success of our company and to unlock shareholder value. In addition to Mike s election to the Board of Directors, we elected two new directors William (Bill) W. Douglas III and Timothy (Tim) Johnson retaining a large supermajority of independent directors. Our Board of Directors and management team remain committed to staying nimble as we navigate today s evolving landscape. With this year s nominations presented in the proxy statement that follows, we have continued our commitment to enhance and refresh regularly our skills, experience and perspective as a Board of Directors. Strategic Review of Family Dollar In June 2024, we announced a formal review of strategic alternatives for our Family Dollar business. This comprehensive review was a critical step in evaluating how best to unlock value for our shareholders while positioning Dollar Tree for future success. The strategic review culminated in March 2025 with the announcement of a definitive agreement to divest the Family Dollar business to Brigade Capital Management, LP and Macellum Capital Management, LLC. As Mike Creedon said in announcing the deal, this is a major milestone in our multi-year transformation. We will continue to grow and optimize the Dollar Tree business. Optimizing the Dollar Tree Store Network and Customer Experience We continued to strengthen our store footprint and enhance our customer offering last year. In May 2024, the Company announced that we had acquired designation rights for 170 leases of 99 Cents Only Stores across Arizona, California, Nevada, and Texas. This acquisition provides access to high-quality retail locations in priority markets as we seek to grow the Dollar Tree brand across the western United States. Additionally, Dollar Tree s multi-price initiative continues to build momentum with an expanded product assortment. Improvements in store standards and operational efficiencies are creating the foundation for sustainable growth and value creation. In 2024, customers continued to turn to Dollar Tree to find value and convenience. i TABLE OF CONTENTS Finally, I want to thank all of you for your support. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, your vote is important, and we encourage you to vote your shares. Sincerely, Edward J. Kelly, III Chairman of the Board ii TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS To Our Shareholders: You are invited to attend the annual meeting of shareholders of Dollar Tree, Inc. which will be held as follows: Annual Meeting Information DATE TIME VIRTUAL MEETING (LIVE INTERACTIVE WEBCAST) RECORD DATE Thursday, June 19, 2025 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DLTR2025 April 17, 2025 Proposals That Require Your Vote Proposal Voting Options Board Recommendation More Information Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors FOR, AGAINST, or ABSTAIN for each Director Nominee FOR each Nominee on the proxy card Page 78 Proposal No. 2 Advisory Vote on NEO Compensation FOR, AGAINST, or ABSTAIN FOR Page 79 Proposal No. 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors FOR, AGAINST, or ABSTAIN FOR Page 80 Proposal No. 4 Approval of 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan FOR, AGAINST, or ABSTAIN FOR Page 83 Voting and Participation The annual meeting will be held exclusively online via a live interactive webcast. Shareholders will be able to listen, vote and submit questions from any location using any internet-connected device. You may submit questions in advance of the meeting at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with your control number. Questions may also be submitted during the annual meeting through www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DLTR2025 . To be admitted to the annual meeting, you must enter the control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or notice. Shareholders of record at the close of business on April 17, 2025 will receive notice of and be allowed to vote at the annual meeting. See Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting beginning on page 74 for the various ways available for submitting your vote. We are making the Proxy Statement and the form of proxy first available to shareholders on or about May 6, 2025. We have elected to distribute our proxy materials primarily over the Internet rather than mailing paper copies of those materials to each shareholder. We believe this will increase iii TABLE OF CONTENTS shareholder value by decreasing our printing and distribution costs, reducing the potential for environmental impact by conserving natural resources, and allowing for convenient access to and delivery of materials in an easily searchable format. If you would prefer to receive paper copies of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials that is being mailed to our shareholders on or about May 6, 2025. Your vote is important to us. To ensure the presence of a quorum at the annual meeting, we encourage you to read the proxy statement and then vote your shares promptly by Internet, by phone or by signing, dating and returning your proxy card (if you request a paper copy). Sending in your proxy card will not prevent you from voting your shares at the annual meeting, as your proxy is revocable at your option. By Order of the Board of Directors Jonathan B. Leiken Corporate Secretary Chesapeake, Virginia May 6, 2025 IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 19, 2025 The Company s proxy statement and annual report to shareholders for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025 are available at https://corporate.dollartree.com/investors/financial-information/annual-reports-proxies . iv TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS i NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS iii CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS 3 OUR BOARD 5 Strong Independent Board Leadership 5 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 6 Director Skills Matrix 6 Biographies of Director Nominees 8 Nomination and Election Process 14 Board Tenure and Refreshment 14 Board Commitments 15 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD 16 Board Meetings and Attendance 16 Independence 16 Board Leadership Structure 16 Board Committees 17 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 20 Code of Conduct 21 Shareholder Engagement Policy 22 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 23 Director Stock Ownership Requirements 25 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 26 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 26 A. Executive Summary 27 B. Compensation Principles 31 C. Components of Executive Compensation 33 D. Compensation Governance 42 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 47 Summary Compensation Table 47 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 49 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Table 51 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 54 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 54 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 55 PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE 63 Pay Ratio Methodology 63 Required Pay Ratio 63 Supplemental Pay Ratio 64 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE 65 Pay versus Performance Table 65 Relationship Between Pay and Performance 67 Tabular List of Performance Measures 68 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 69 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 70 Review of Transactions with Related Parties 70 Related Party Transactions 70 OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 71 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 73 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING 74 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 78 Directors and Nominees 78 Vote Required 78 PROPOSAL NO. 2: ADVISORY VOTE ON COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 79 Vote Required 79 PROPOSAL NO. 3: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 80 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 80 Report of the Audit Committee 81 Vote Required 82 PROPOSAL NO. 4: APPROVAL OF 2025 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 83 Summary of the 2025 ESPP 83 United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of Awards under the 2025 ESPP 85 Registration with SEC 86 New Plan Benefits 86 Vote Required 86 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 87 OTHER MATTERS 87 Director Nominations and Shareholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting using Proxy Access 87 Shareholder Nomination of Directors 88 Copies of Form 10-K Available 88 APPENDIX A: RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A-1 APPENDIX B: DOLLAR TREE, INC. 2025 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN B-1 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Compensation Highlights Governance or Compensation Item Dollar Tree s Practice Board Composition, Leadership and Operations Director independence Greater than 90% Standing Board committee independence 100% Robust Lead Independent Director Role or Independent Chair Yes Majority voting standard in uncontested director elections Yes Director resignation policy Yes Board oversight of Company strategy and risks Yes Annually-elected Board Yes Average director age 65 Average director tenure 2.8 years Directors attending fewer than 75% of meetings None Annual Board, committee and individual director evaluation process Yes Independent directors meet without management present Yes Number of Board meetings held in fiscal 2024 4 Total number of Board and committee meetings held in fiscal 2024 35 Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Dedicated Board Committee provides oversight of sustainability, corporate responsibility and human capital management Yes Environmental Policy Yes Human Rights Policy Yes Occupational Health and Safety Policy Yes Political Contribution and Expenditure Policy Statement Yes Sustainability and Social Impact Report Yes Climate related disclosures aligned with Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) (included in Sustainability and Social Impact Report) Yes Vendor code of conduct Yes 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance or Compensation Item Dollar Tree s Practice Other Governance Practices Code of conduct for directors, officers and associates Yes Shareholder engagement policy Yes Anti-hedging policy Yes Robust stock ownership policies Yes Shares pledged by officers and directors None Family relationships None Independent auditor KPMG LLP Compensation Practices Executive compensation programs designed to reward performance, incentivize growth and drive long-term shareholder value Yes Robust clawback policy Yes Incentive awards based on challenging performance targets Yes Significant portion of compensation at risk Yes Annual risk assessment of compensation policies and practices Yes Frequency of say on pay advisory vote Annual Independent compensation consultant Yes Double-trigger change-in-control provisions Yes Policy for timing of annual grant of incentive awards Yes Repricing of underwater options No Excessive perks No 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board The Board is committed to ensuring it has the relevant diversity of skills and experience to oversee the Company, its management, its strategic plan and the execution of that plan. The Board believes that our director nominees, as a group, represent an effective mix of skills, experiences and perspectives. Director Name Current or Former Principal Occupation Director Since Independent Public Boards (including Dollar Tree) Michael C. Creedon, Jr. Chief Executive Officer of Dollar Tree, Inc. 2025 No 1 William W. Douglas III Former Executive Vice President, Supply Chain of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. 2025 Yes 4 Cheryl W. Gris Former Executive Vice President of Northeast Utilities and Chief Executive Officer of its principal operating companies. 2022 Yes 3 Daniel J. Heinrich Former Chief Financial Officer of The Clorox Company 2022 Yes 1 Paul C. Hilal Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Mantle Ridge LP 2022 Yes 3 Timothy A. Johnson Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Victoria s Secret Co. 2025 Yes 1 Edward J. Kelly, III Retired Chairman of the Institutional Clients Group of Citigroup, Inc. 2022 Yes 3 Jeffrey G. Naylor Former Chief Financial Officer of the TJX Companies 2018 Yes 3 Diane E. Randolph Former Chief Information Officer of Ulta Beauty 2023 Yes 2 Bertram L. Scott Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Affinity Health Plan 2022 Yes 4 Stephanie P. Stahl Founder of Studio Pegasus LLC and former Global Marketing and Strategy Officer of Coach, Inc. 2018 Yes 4 Strong Independent Board Leadership Our Board is led by our Chairman and our Vice Chairman. In November 2024, Edward J. Kelly, III, an independent director, was elected as our Chairman following Richard Dreiling s departure from the Company. For more details, see Board Leadership Structure on page 16 . The independence of our Board is supported by the strong leadership roles held by the chairs of our standing committees. The chairs and members of our standing committees are all independent members of our Board. The charters of each of our standing committees (namely, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Finance Committee and the Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee) outline duties and responsibilities of each committee to oversee critical and strategically important functions of our business. For more details, see Board Committees on page 17 . 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR NOMINEES Director Skills Matrix The tables below describe the key skills and experiences that we believe are essential to oversight of our business and the skills, experience and qualifications of each of our nominees for director. The director biographies beginning on page 8 describe each nominee s background and relevant experience in more detail. The figures in the table below apply to our continuing operations since we have entered into an agreement to sell the Family Dollar business. Director Skills and Experience Key Qualifications for Dollar Tree Executive Leadership Dollar Tree is a large international company. Our directors with executive leadership experience have served as an executive officer of a large public or private company. Financial Management Dollar Tree is a publicly traded company that manages its resources responsibly and has an obligation to make accurate financial disclosures. We identified the directors with chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or similar experience or experience on a board overseeing finance, accounting or financial reporting functions, including those directors who qualify as an audit committee financial expert under applicable SEC rules. Consumer/Retail Industry Dollar Tree operates over 8,500 stores that provide retail products to customers in communities across North America. We identified the directors with executive level experience with companies in the consumer or retail industries or experience on the board of directors of a company in the consumer or retail industry. Marketing/Advertising/ Communications Our Dollar Tree brand and the branded products sold in our stores are trusted and valued by our customers. We identified the directors with executive level experience in marketing consumer products or experience on the board of directors of a marketing or consumer products company. Strategic Planning Our strategic vision and our ability to execute on the vision is important to our ability to grow and deliver long-term value to our shareholders. We identified the directors with experience in developing and executing long-term strategic plans. Operations Dollar Tree operates over 8,500 retail stores across North America. We identified the directors with experience on the board of directors of a company with large retail operations. Human Capital Management Dollar Tree has over 100,000 associates who are a vital resource in the operation of our company. We identified the directors with executive level experience in human resources management or managing a large workforce or experience on a board of directors overseeing those functions. Information Technology/ Cybersecurity Dollar Tree leverages information technology tools to operate our business and enhance our customer s experience and we continue to invest in tools to improve our performance and the security of our information technology systems. We identified the directors with executive level experience in the fields of information technology and cybersecurity or experience on the board of directors of a company that provides information technology or cybersecurity products or services. Risk Management Dollar Tree is subject to a variety of risks that we work to manage and mitigate through diligent action and thoughtful leadership. We identified the directors with executive level experience in enterprise risk management or on a board of directors overseeing risk management functions. Global Sourcing/Supply Chain Dollar Tree merchandise is sourced from domestic and international vendors around the world using a network of distribution centers to deliver a high volume of products to our stores. We identify the directors with experience on the board of directors of a company with global supply chain operations. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Creedon Douglas Grise Heinrich Hilal Johnson Kelly Naylor Randolph Scott Stahl Director Skills and Experience Executive Leadership Financial Management Consumer/Retail Industry Marketing/Advertising/Communications Strategic Planning Operations Human Capital Management Information Technology/Cybersecurity Risk Management Global Sourcing/Supply Chain Director Qualifications Dollar Tree Independent Director Dollar Tree Board Tenure (years) 1 1 3 3 3 1 3 7 2 3 7 Other Public Board Experience Demographic Background Age 49 64 72 69 58 58 72 66 70 74 58 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Biographies of Director Nominees MICHAEL C. CREEDON, JR. Chief Executive Officer of Dollar Tree, Inc. | Age 49 Director since 2025 Board Committees: None Other Public Company Board Experience None Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Creedon brings to our Board substantial executive leadership and retail operational experience. As the former Chief Operating Officer of the Company, he has significant experience in executing the Company s growth strategy as a leader in value retailing. Biography Mr. Creedon has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Dollar Tree, Inc. since December 18, 2024. He also served as interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company from November 2024 to December 2024 and as Chief Operating Officer of the Company from October 2022 to November 2024. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Creedon held several executive leadership roles with Advance Auto Parts, Inc., including Executive Vice President of U.S. Stores from March 2021 to October 2022, President, U.S. Stores from March 2020 to March 2021, and President, North Division from February 2017 to March 2020. Before joining Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Mr. Creedon held leadership roles at Tyco International from September 2010 to November 2013 and ADT Security from October 2004 to September 2010. WILLIAM W. DOUGLAS III Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. | Age 64 Director since 2025 Independent Board Committees: None Other Public Company Board Experience SiteOne Landscape Supply (since 2016) Coca-Cola HBC (since 2016) Monster Beverages Corporation (since 2025) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Douglas brings to our Board substantial domestic and international retail experience. He has held leadership roles in IT, finance, and supply chain. He is an esteemed financial leader who provides a strong understanding of today s competitive retail landscape. Biography Mr. Douglas is the former Chief Financial Officer of Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. He held that position and other senior leadership positions at Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. and Coca-Cola HBC from 1985 to 2016. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of SiteOne Landscape Supply, Coca-Cola HBC, and Monster Beverages Corporation. 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS CHERYL W. GRIS Former Executive Vice President of Northeast Utilities and CEO of its principal operating companies | Age 72 Director since 2022 Independent Board Committees: Compensation, Chair Nominating Governance Other Public Company Board Experience ICF International, Inc. (2012 to 2024) PulteGroup, Inc. (since 2008) Metlife, Inc. (since 2004) Pall Corporation (2007 to 2015) Dana Holding Corporation (2002 to 2008) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Ms. Gris brings to our Board substantial executive leadership experience with a large consumer facing business, a strong governance and legal background and an unusually solid and strong record of leadership in public company boardrooms in many different sectors. She was named by the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) to their Top 100, a list of the top 100 most influential directors in the U.S. Biography Ms. Gris is the former Executive Vice President of Northeast Utilities (now known as Eversource Energy) and Chief Executive Officer of its principal operating companies. She held those positions and other senior leadership positions at Northeast Utilities from 1998 to 2007. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of Pulte Group, Inc. and Metlife, Inc. DANIEL J. HEINRICH Former Chief Financial Officer of The Clorox Company | Age 69 Director since 2022 Independent Board Committees: Audit Finance, Chair Other Public Company Board Experience Lowe s Companies, Inc. (2021 to 2023) Aramark (2013 to 2023) Ball Corporation (2016 to 2022) Edgewell Personal Care Company (2012 to 2022) Advanced Medical Optics (2007 to 2009) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Heinrich brings to our Board his substantial experience as a director and executive at consumer-packaged goods companies and consumer-facing businesses. He has extensive executive-level financial knowledge and experience and has developed strong expertise in the areas of strategic business development, risk management, mergers and acquisitions, accounting and information technology. In addition, our Board has determined that Mr. Heinrich qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert. Biography Mr. Heinrich is the former Chief Financial Officer of The Clorox Company. He held that position and other senior leadership positions at The Clorox Company from 2001 to 2011. Prior to that, he served as the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Transamerica Finance Company from 1996 to 2001; Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Controller of Granite Management Company from 1994 to 1996; Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of First Nationwide Bank from 1986 to 1994; and Senior Audit Manager at Ernst Young from 1978 to 1986. 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAUL C. HILAL Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Mantle Ridge LP | Age 58 Director since 2022 Independent Vice Chair of the Board Board Committees: Compensation Finance Nominating Governance Other Public Company Board Experience CSX Corporation (since 2017) Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (since 2025) Aramark (2019 to 2023) Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (2012 to 2016) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Hilal brings to our Board substantial experience enabling companies to successfully effect value-creating change. His experience as a value investor, capital allocator and engaged steward during corporate transformations, in addition to his knowledge of the Company, enables him to contribute to the Board and its mission in unique and extremely valuable ways. Additionally, Mr. Hilal s experience serving on the boards of multiple public companies allows him to provide key strategic perspectives to the Board. Biography Mr. Hilal is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Mantle Ridge LP, an investment fund. Prior to launching Mantle Ridge LP, Mr. Hilal served as a Partner and Senior Investment Professional at Pershing Square Capital Management from 2006 to 2016, Managing Partner at Caliber Capital Management from 2002 to 2005, Partner at Hilal Capital Management from 1998 to 2001 and Acting Chief Executive Officer of WorldTalk Communications Corporation from 1999 to 2000. Mr. Hilal currently serves on the Board of Directors of CSX Corporation and Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. TIMOTHY A. JOHNSON Former Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Victoria s Secret Company | Age 58 Director since 2025 Independent Board Committees: None Other Public Company Board Experience The Aaron s Co. (2021 to 2024) Brinker International, Inc. (since 2025) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Johnson has more than 30 years of retail leadership experience. He is an esteemed financial leader who provides a strong understanding of today s competitive retail landscape. Biography Mr. Johnson is the former Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Victoria s Secret Company, a position he held from 2021 to 2025. He previously served as Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Big Lots Incorporated from 2015 to 2019 and Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2015, and he held various other executive roles from 2000 to 2012. Earlier in his career, he held senior level roles at The Limited, Inc. and began his career in public accounting as a Certified Public Accountant for Coopers Lybrand. Mr. Johnson is the Managing Director of his own consulting firm, Fairway Consulting LLC. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Brinker International, Inc. 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS EDWARD J. KELLY, III Retired Chairman of the Institutional Clients Group of Citigroup, Inc. | Age 72 Director since 2022 Independent Chairman of the Board Board Committees: Audit Nominating Governance, Chair Other Public Company Board Experience Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (since 2019) Metlife, Inc. (since 2015) CSX Corporation (2002 to 2019) XL Group (2014 to 2018) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Kelly brings to our Board business, strategic, financial and legal acumen and extensive leadership expertise. His experience includes key roles in building a client-centric model and managing the global operations of a major financial institution. In addition, he provides a local perspective as a long-time Virginia resident and lecturer at the University of Virginia School of Law. Biography Mr. Kelly is the Former Chairman of the Institutional Clients Group of Citigroup, Inc. He served in that role and other senior leadership positions at Citigroup, Inc. from 2008 to 2014, including Chairman of Global Banking, Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer and Head of Global Banking, and President and Chief Executive Officer of Citi Alternative Investments. Prior to Citigroup, Mr. Kelly served as Managing Director of The Carlyle Group from 2007 to 2008, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mercantile Bankshares Corporation from 2001 to 2007, Managing Director of J.P. Morgan from 1995 to 2001, General Counsel of J.P. Morgan from 1994 to 1995 and Partner at Davis Polk Wardwell, LLP from 1988 to 1994. JEFFREY G. NAYLOR Former Chief Financial Officer of The TJX Companies | Age 66 Director since 2018 Independent Board Committees: Audit, Chair Finance Other Public Company Board Experience Synchrony Financial (since 2014) Wayfair (since 2018) Emerald Holding, Inc. (2013 to 2021) Fresh Market, Inc. (2010 to 2016) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Naylor brings to our Board extensive financial and accounting experience gained through his roles as the chief financial officer, director and audit committee chair of multiple large public companies. Mr. Naylor s experience working as an executive at multiple discount retailers allows him to contribute valuable insight and perspectives in the areas of strategic business development, risk management, accounting and information technology. In addition, our Board has determined that Mr. Naylor qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert. Biography Mr. Naylor is the former Chief Financial Officer of The TJX Companies. He held that position and other executive leadership positions at The TJX Companies from 2004 to 2014, including Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, and Chief Administrative and Business Development Officer. Prior to that, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Big Lots, Inc. from 2001 to 2004 and earlier in his career he held senior level positions with Limited Brands, Sears, Roebuck and Co. and Kraft Foods, Inc. Mr. Naylor began his career as a Certified Public Accountant with Deloitte Haskins Sells. Mr. Naylor is also the Managing Director of his consulting firm, Topaz Consulting LLC. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Synchrony Financial and Wayfair, Inc. 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIANE E. RANDOLPH Former Chief Information Officer of Ulta Beauty | Age 70 Director since 2023 Independent Board Committees: Audit Finance Other Public Company Board Experience Shoe Carnival, Inc. (since 2021) Core Mark Holding Company (2020 to 2021) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Ms. Randolph brings to our Board substantial experience in the areas of information technology and business transformation, in addition to her experience serving as a director on boards of several public and private companies. Ms. Randolph will provide valuable insight and perspective as the Company develops and implements new technologies and systems. Biography Ms. Randolph is the Former Chief Information Officer of Ulta Beauty. She held that position from 2014 to 2020. Prior to that, she served as the Chief Information Officer of Reitmans Canada Limited from 2008 to 2014 and Director of Merchandise Business Process from 2005 to 2008. Earlier in her career she served as Vice President of Software Development at Aptos, LLC (formerly known as STS Systems). Ms. Randolph currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Shoe Carnival, Inc. BERTRAM L. SCOTT Former President and Chief Executive Officer of Affinity Health Plan | Age 74 Director since 2022 Independent Board Committees: Audit Sustainability and CSR Other Public Company Board Experience Equitable Holdings, Inc. (since 2019) Lowe s Companies, Inc. (since 2015) Becton, Dickinson and Company (since 2002) AllianceBernstein (2020 to 2022) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Mr. Scott brings to our Board his substantial corporate governance and business expertise, in addition to extensive experience serving as a director on the boards of several large, complex, publicly-traded companies, as well as serving as chair of several board committees. Mr. Scott draws on his professional experiences to provide perspective to the boards on which he serves with respect to development and the implementation of strategy, mergers and acquisitions, merger integration, and sales and marketing. In addition, the Board has determined that Mr. Scott qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert. Biography Mr. Scott is a retired health care executive who formerly served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Affinity Health Plan from 2012 to 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Scott served as the President, US Commercial at CIGNA Corporation from 2010 to 2011; and held multiple executive leadership roles at TIAA-CREF from 2000 to 2010, including President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Scott currently serves on the Board of Directors of Equitable, Lowe s Companies, Inc. and Becton, Dickinson and Company. 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS STEPHANIE P. STAHL Former Global Marketing Strategy Officer of Coach, Inc. | Age 58 Director since 2018 Independent Board Committees: Nominating Governance Sustainability and CSR, Chair Other Public Company Board Experience Carter s Inc. (since 2022) Newell Brands, Inc. (since 2022) Edgewell Personal Care Company (since 2024) Knoll, Inc. (2013 to 2021) Key Skills, Experience and Expertise: Ms. Stahl brings to our Board significant experience in marketing, data analytics, digital strategy, sustainability and brand development. Ms. Stahl has spent her career focused on the retail/consumer sector with extensive experience in developing, executing and optimizing major change initiatives including fundamental business transformation, mergers and acquisitions, and post-merger integrations. She also brings to our Board significant experience in corporate governance, investor engagement and ESG. Biography Ms. Stahl is the former Global Marketing and Strategy Officer of Coach, Inc. She held that position from 2012 to 2015. Prior to that, she served as the Chief Executive Officer of Tracy Anderson Mind Body, LLC from 2010 to 2011, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of Revlon, Inc. from 2003 to 2006, and Partner and Managing Director of The Boston Consulting Group, Inc. from 1998 to 2003. Ms. Stahl is also the Founder of her investment and advisory company, Studio Pegasus LLC. Ms. Stahl serves on the Board of Directors of Carter s Inc., Newell Brands, Inc., and Edgewell Personal Care Company. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nomination and Election Process All of our Directors are elected annually by a majority of votes cast in uncontested director elections and by a plurality of votes in contested elections. Candidates for nomination by our Board are recommended by our Nominating and Governance Committee. Our Nominating and Governance Committee considers candidates recommended by shareholders and, occasionally, the Committee may engage search firms to assist the Committee in identifying potential Board nominees. As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Nominating and Governance Committee will consider several factors when considering a candidate for nomination, including: the candidate s ability to help the Board create shareholder wealth the need of the Board for directors having relevant knowledge and a diversity of experiences the candidate s ability to represent the interests of shareholders whether the candidate is a significant shareholder of the Company the personal qualities of leadership, character and business judgment of the candidate whether the candidate is free of conflicts and has the time required for preparation, participation and attendance at meetings Incumbent Directors nominated for reelection are subject to the director resignation policy included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Shareholders may recommend candidates for the Nominating and Governance Committee to consider by submitting a written notice in accordance with the procedures described under Shareholder Nomination of Directors on page 88 . The election of our Directors is subject to the terms of a Stewardship Framework Agreement entered into by the Company and affiliates of Mantle Ridge, LP, a registered investment advisory firm, which has a combined beneficial ownership interest of approximately 6.5% of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. Pursuant to the Stewardship Framework Agreement, if Mr. Hilal or a New Director (as defined therein) cannot serve or ceases to serve on the Board during the term of the Stewardship Framework Agreement, Mantle Ridge will have the right to designate a replacement, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Stewardship Framework Agreement. The Stewardship Framework Agreement is more fully described in, and is attached as an exhibit to, the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2022 with the SEC. The Board believes that the strategic business interests of the Company are best served when Board members are able to offer a diverse set of perspectives and individual life experiences, including with respect to geographic location, employment history, and experience in areas such as operations, finance, accounting, technology, marketing, merchandise, human capital management and talent development. The Nominating and Governance Committee endeavors to seek qualified candidates who offer such perspectives and experience, regardless of race, sex, or other protected characteristic. Our Board nominees include three women and one person of color. The Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee shall not have diversity quotas or make decisions based on race, sex or other protected characteristics. Board Tenure and Refreshment The Board does not believe it should formally limit the number of terms for which an individual may serve as a director at the outset of a director s appointment. Directors who have served on the Board for an extended period of time can provide valuable insight into the operations and future of the Company and matters of Board oversight based on their experience with and understanding of the Company s history, policies and objectives. Nevertheless, the Board strongly values fresh insight and novel approaches provided by new or recently appointed directors. In the past several years, the Board has been engaged in an effort to achieve a fit-for-purpose Board which has included the retirement and replacement of the majority of our incumbent 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS directors. The current tenure profile of our Board consists of two directors with five to ten years in tenure and ten directors with less than five years in tenure. Board Commitments Our Board is comprised of members with valuable experience gained from service on the boards of directors of other public companies, including companies in the retail industry. When making its recommendations for director nomination, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers the value of experience gained through service on other boards and conducts a rigorous review of the demands that such service may have on the director s time. As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, as a general rule, the Nominating and Governance Committee will not recommend the election or reelection of an individual who (i) serves on more than four public company boards, other than the Company, or (ii) serves as the chief executive officer of a public company and serves on more than two public company boards, other than the Company. All of our nominees satisfy this rule. In 2025 our Nominating and Governance Committee oversaw an annual performance review of our Board and its members that considered a number of factors including meeting attendance, preparation and director engagement with the Board and management. As part of this process, the Committee and the Board assessed our nominees for reelection and affirmed that each nominee has demonstrated that they are capable of devoting the necessary time to successfully meet their duties and otherwise fulfill the responsibilities required of directors in 2025, taking into account their principal occupation and membership and leadership positions on other boards. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD Board Meetings and Attendance The Board of Directors has scheduled four regular meetings in 2025 and recently held one of these meetings in March 2025. In addition, the Board will hold special meetings when Company business requires, and informational update calls are periodically conducted during the year. In fiscal 2024, the Board met six times, the Nominating and Governance Committee met four times, the Audit Committee met ten times, the Compensation Committee met seven times, the Finance Committee met four times and the Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee met four times. Each member of the Board attended more than 75% of all Board meetings and meetings of committees of which he or she was a member. We expect each of our directors to attend the annual meeting of our shareholders. Ten of our eleven then incumbent directors were in attendance at the 2024 annual meeting of our shareholders. Independence Dollar Tree is committed to principles of good corporate governance and the independence of a majority of our Board from the management of our Company. With the exception of Mr. Creedon, all members of our Board have been determined by our Board to be independent directors within the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. All members of our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Governance Committee are independent under Nasdaq listing standards. The independent members of our Board meet multiple times each year in private sessions without management present. In addition, the Chairman, who has been granted robust leadership powers, may call special meetings of the independent members without management present. Board Leadership Structure Our Board is led by our Chairman and our Vice Chairman, both of whom are independent members of our Board. In November 2024, Edward J. Kelly, III was elected as Chairman by the independent directors. The Company no longer has a lead independent director as that position is only required under our Corporate Governance Guidelines when our Chairman is not independent. The Board has determined that its current leadership structure is the most appropriate for Dollar Tree and its shareholders. Mr. Kelly is a distinguished executive with substantial business, strategic, financial, and legal acumen and served as the Company s lead independent director from March 2022 until his election as Chairman in November 2024. In his prior role as lead independent director of the Board, he had robust leadership authority and responsibilities and facilitated the active engagement of our independent directors in the various aspects of the Board s work and governance. We believe the functioning of our Board is enhanced by having Mr. Kelly as Chairman, Mr. Hilal as Vice Chairman, and Mr. Creedon as CEO. As part of the Company s ongoing commitment to corporate governance, the Board annually considers its leadership structure. 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Committees The Board has five standing committees, each comprised solely of independent directors. These committees operate under written charters which are available under the Investors tab on our corporate website at corporate.dollartree.com. The current Board committees and committee assignments are as follows: Director Independent Director Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Finance Committee Sustainability and CSR Committee Michael C. Creedon, Jr. William W. Douglas III Cheryl W. Gris C Daniel J. Heinrich C Paul C. Hilal Timothy A. Johnson Edward J. Kelly, III C Mary A. Laschinger Jeffrey G. Naylor C Diane E. Randolph Bertram L. Scott Stephanie P. Stahl C C = Committee Chair = Member 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Description of Committees Audit Committee 10 meetings held in Fiscal 2024 Primary duties and responsibilities: Financial Reporting and Internal Control Structure . Monitoring the Company s legal compliance, financial reporting processes and internal control systems and overseeing the Company s audit processes and strategies. Independent Auditor . Appointing and evaluating the Company s independent auditor, including pre-approving audit and non-audit fees to be paid to the independent auditor. Internal Audit . Overseeing the Company s internal audit processes, including participating in the planning of the audit efforts of the internal audit and finance departments. Enterprise Risk Assessment . Reviewing the Company s practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including financial, operational, information security, data privacy, business continuity and legal and regulatory risks. Compliance and Ethics . Reviewing the Company s legal compliance processes, including its ethics and compliance program, and disclosures and systems of internal controls relating to legal compliance and ethics. Related Party Transactions . Reviewing and overseeing any related party transactions and the reporting of any related party transactions. Committee Members Jeffrey Naylor (Chair) Diane Randolph Daniel Heinrich Bertram Scott Edward Kelly, III Independence and Financial Expertise: The Board, after review of each individual s employment experience and other relevant factors, has determined that all members of the committee satisfy the applicable standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and SEC regulations for membership on the Audit Committee and that Daniel Heinrich, Edward Kelly, III, Jeffrey Naylor and Bertram Scott are qualified as audit committee financial experts within the meaning of SEC regulations. Compensation Committee 7 meetings held in Fiscal 2024 Primary duties and responsibilities: Executive Compensation . Establishing the compensation philosophy, structures and arrangements for our executive officers, including reviewing and approving our executive compensation benefits and programs. Compensation of Directors . Reviewing and recommending to the Board the benefits and compensation plans and programs for the independent members of the Board. Independent Compensation Consultant . Retaining independent compensation consultants to advise the Committee when appropriate. Human Capital Management . Reviewing our initiatives with respect to hiring, human capital management, talent development and retention of key personnel. Compensation Risk Assessment . Reviewing the Company s incentive compensation policies and practices to assess whether such policies or practices encourage excessive risk-taking. Executive Stock Ownership . Reviewing the executive officers stock ownership levels to ensure compliance with the Company s stock ownership policy. Committee Members Cheryl Gris (Chair) Paul Hilal Mary Laschinger Independence: All members of the committee satisfy the independence standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and SEC regulations. 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominating and Governance Committee 4 meetings held in Fiscal 2024 Primary duties and responsibilities: Board Composition and Governance Structure . Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the size, composition and experience-related needs of the Board and overseeing our governance structure, including the structure of the Board and the governing documents and policies. Board Candidates . Identifying, screening and recommending candidates to be nominated or appointed by the Board, including the re-nomination of any currently serving director. Lead Independent Director . If the Chairman of the Board is not independent, recommending an independent director to be appointed as Lead Independent Director. Committee Assignments . Reviewing periodically the membership and Chair of each committee of the Board and recommending committee assignments to the Board, including rotation or reassignment of any Chair or committee member. Conflicts and Waivers . Reviewing and resolving requests for waivers from directors of any provision of the Company s Code of Conduct and any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the Company and any member of the Board. Annual Performance Evaluations . Establishing processes for use by each of the Board s standing committees to conduct annual self-assessments and leading the Board in its annual performance self-assessment. Shareholder Engagement . Overseeing the Company s shareholder engagement policy, monitoring shareholder communications with the Board on topics related to governance and recommending to the Board any actions the Committee deems appropriate. Committee Members Edward Kelly, III (Chair) Stephanie Stahl Cheryl Gris Paul Hilal Independence: All members of the committee satisfy the independence standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Finance Committee 4 meetings held in Fiscal 2024 Primary duties and responsibilities: Capital Structure . Reviewing and advising the Board on the Company s capital structure and allocation. Financial Transactions . Reviewing and advising the Board on significant financing and related transactions. Real Estate Transactions . Reviewing and advising the Board on financial considerations relating to the leasing, purchase, sale, conveyance and other acquisition and disposition of stores, facilities and real property. New Store Openings . Reviewing and evaluating new store openings and performance. Annual Budget . Reviewing and advising the Board on the annual operating plan and capital budget and advising the Board on major capital projects and commitments. Acquisitions and Divestitures . Reviewing and advising the Board on acquisitions and divestitures and supporting the Board s review with management of previously effected acquisitions and divestitures. Committee Members Daniel Heinrich (Chair) Diane Randolph Paul Hilal Jeffrey Naylor Independence: All members of the committee are independent. 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee 4 meetings held in Fiscal 2024 Primary duties and responsibilities: Sustainability . Overseeing our strategies, policies and initiatives with respect to environmental issues and impacts. Corporate Responsibility . Overseeing our strategies, policies and initiatives with respect to social issues and impacts, including those related to associate health and safety, workplace safety and violence prevention, workplace environment and culture, philanthropy, and community and governmental engagement and relations. Human Capital Management . Overseeing our strategies and policies related to human capital management, including matters such as culture and belonging, recruiting and selection, and talent development and retention of the Company s workforce. Corporate Sustainability Disclosures . Reviewing our disclosures relating to sustainability, human capital and corporate responsibility topics, including our Sustainability and Social Impact Report. Shareholder and Stakeholder Engagement . Overseeing our approach to shareholder and stakeholder engagement on sustainability and corporate responsibility matters. Company Performance . Monitoring our performance against selected external sustainability and human capital indexes and internal metrics. Committee Members Stephanie Stahl (Chair) Mary Laschinger Bertram Scott Independence: All members of the committee are independent. Board s Role in Risk Oversight Our Board is actively involved in overseeing enterprise risk, primarily through the assistance of its committees, which address the risks within their areas of responsibility as provided in the committee charters or otherwise delegated by the Board to those committees. Each committee reports matters relating to risk to the full Board as necessary. In addition, the Chairman is responsible for facilitating director input and discussion regarding risks to the Company s business. 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Oversight of Information Security Risk Management The security of information shared with us by our customers, vendors and associates is important to us. We employ a comprehensive multi-layer approach in the implementation of our cybersecurity practices, including systems designed to prevent, detect and manage material risks from unauthorized access to our digital information systems. The Board s oversight of the Company s information security and data privacy systems and processes and our investments in information technology infrastructure is monitored and overseen by our Audit Committee and Finance Committee. Our Audit Committee oversees the Company s management of risks relating to information security and data privacy. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from management throughout the year on cybersecurity topics, including reports on the Company s risk exposures related to information security and data privacy as well as any relevant mitigation or remediation tactics being implemented. Our Chief Information Security Officer serves as the designated executive leader for cyber or data-related incident response activities. Our Finance Committee monitors the Company s investments in information technology systems. Our information technology team led by our Chief Information Officer has invested in internal and external resources to support and enhance our technology infrastructure over the next several years. The Finance Committee receives regular updates on our information technology investments and management s plans for improving our systems and processes. Oversight of Environmental and Social Sustainability and Responsibility Dollar Tree is committed to environmental and social sustainability for our associates, customers and communities. Our Board and management recognize the importance of assessing and planning for the potential impact of climate change on our operations, supply chain, and other sustainability and social risks associated with our business. The Sustainability and CSR Committee is primarily responsible for overseeing the Company s social, environmental and safety programs affecting our associates, customers and other stakeholders. The Sustainability and CSR Committee receives regular reports on various human capital management topics, including talent development and retention, culture and belonging, and associate engagement surveys and activities. The Sustainability and CSR Committee also provides guidance and oversight in developing our environmental and social goals, strategies and improvements in our workplace safety programs. The development and implementation of our social and environmental strategies and initiatives are led by members of our executive leadership team and our Chief Sustainability Officer with engagement and support from business leaders throughout our organization. We report on our environmental and social sustainability strategies, initiatives and progress in our annual Sustainability and Social Impact Report, which can be found on our website along with relevant policies. Code of Conduct Our Board has adopted a Code of Conduct for all our associates, including our directors, officers and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. The Code of Conduct reflects our commitment to conducting business in an ethical and lawful manner. Among other things, our Code of Conduct addresses such topics as honesty and integrity, workplace safety and belonging, relationships with our customers and our vendors, sustainability and environmental responsibility, compliance with laws, and the protection of Company assets. Our Code of Conduct may be viewed at our investor relations website. In addition, a printed copy of the Code will be provided to any shareholder upon request submitted to the Corporate Secretary at our corporate headquarters address, which is 500 Volvo Parkway, Chesapeake, VA 23320. Any amendments to, or waivers of, the Code of Conduct applicable to our directors, executive officers, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions, will be posted on our investor relations website. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS In 2024, we updated our Code of Conduct to add prohibitions on conflicts of interest transactions relating to purchasing or owning a material investment in a competitor or vendor of the Company. We also expanded our obligations under the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act to help enhance product safety and quality and customer trust. Additionally, we enhanced our content relating to insider trading, competing fairly, protecting personal information, protecting Company property and vendor adherence to our values, among other topics. Shareholder Engagement Policy Dollar Tree believes that effective corporate governance includes regular, constructive conversations with our shareholders. The Board s commitment to shareholder engagement is reflected in the Shareholder Engagement Policy included in its Corporate Governance Guidelines. Under the policy, our senior executive officers and the Investor Relations Department are primarily responsible for our communications and engagement with shareholders and the investment community. Our Vice President of Corporate Governance serves as the primary liaison with shareholders on governance matters and our Chief Sustainability Officer regularly engages with shareholders and other stakeholders on environmental and social matters. Management is responsible for promptly reporting to the Board all material shareholder comments and feedback it receives. Our Board also believes that in appropriate cases, Board-level participation in dialogue with shareholders on matters of significance can be an effective means of promoting mutual understanding and enabling the Board to be informed as to shareholder perspectives. Our Chairman regularly participates in dialogue with shareholders and on certain matters the Chairs of relevant Board committees may also participate. Shareholders and other interested parties seeking to engage with us may send correspondence by mail to Dollar Tree Board of Directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, 500 Volvo Parkway, Chesapeake, VA 23320, or by email to CorpSecy@DollarTree.com. 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director compensation is established by the Board of Directors and periodically reviewed. The table below sets out the compensation structure for non-employee directors in fiscal year 2024. The non-employee director compensation was designed to: Simplify and streamline non-employee director compensation Provide for at least 50% of the annual retainer to be awarded as equity, consistent with market practice and good governance and to align directors interests with those of shareholders Recognize the responsibility and workload expected of the Chairman, Chairs of the standing Committees, and the Lead Independent Director (if any), while generally maintaining an overall market competitive level of non-employee director compensation Support an equitable allocation of Committee Chair and member responsibility and workload In September 2023, the Compensation Committee, with the support of its compensation consultant, Meridian Compensation Partners, completed a peer benchmarking review of the non-employee director compensation program and determined that the compensation program was aligned with the market. Compensation Element Non-Employee Director Compensation Retainer Annual cash retainer $150,000 Annual equity award $150,000 Total annual retainer $300,000 Chairman (1) Annual cash retainer $100,000 Annual equity award $100,000 Total annual retainer $200,000 Lead Independent Director (2) $50,000 Audit Committee Chair $40,000 Compensation Committee Chair $35,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Chair $35,000 Finance Committee Chair $30,000 Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Chair $30,000 Committee Members No committee member fees Meeting Fees No meeting fees (1) Prior to November 2024, Mr. Dreiling served as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and was compensated for his service as an executive officer of the Company. In connection with Mr. Kelly s appointment as Chairman of the Board of Directors in November 2024, the Board of Directors determined the additional compensation for the independent Chairman consisting of an annual cash retainer of $100,000 and an annual equity award of $100,000. (2) Following Mr. Kelly s appointment as Chairman, the Company does not have a Lead Independent Director. The Board may also authorize additional fees for ad hoc committees, if any, from time to time. No such fees were paid to our directors in fiscal 2024. We do not offer non-equity incentives or pension plans to non-employee directors. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of their Board and committee fees to be paid at a future date. Prior to June 30, 2023 deferral elections were made pursuant to the 2013 Director Deferred Compensation Plan (the 2013 Deferral Plan ). The 2013 Deferral Plan permitted the deferral of fees in either cash, shares of common stock, or non-statutory stock options. Beginning July 1, 2023, deferral elections were made pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Program (the Deferral Program ). The Deferral Program operates in conjunction with, and under the authority of, the 2021 Omnibus Plan and allows deferral of fees into cash or shares of common stock. The 2013 Deferral Plan and the Deferral Program are similar except that the Deferral Program does not offer stock options as a form of payment. Under both the 2013 Deferral Plan and Deferral Program, deferral elections must be made by December 31 for the deferral of fees in the next calendar year and must state the amount or portion of fees to be deferred; the form of payment, the date on which payment will commence and in the case of deferral into cash or stock, whether the payout shall be in installments or lump sum. Deferrals into cash or stock are recorded in unfunded and unsecured book-entry accounts. Deferred shares to be credited are calculated by dividing the deferred fees by the closing price on the first day of each calendar quarter. If cash dividends are declared, deferred share accounts are credited with a corresponding number of deferred shares, based on the market price on the dividend date. In the case of deferrals into a deferred cash account, interest is credited to the account at the beginning of each quarter based on the 30-year Treasury Bond rate then in effect. In the case of deferrals into options made under the 2013 Director Deferred Compensation Plan, the number of options to be credited was calculated by dividing the deferred fees by 33% of the closing price on the date of deferral. The options bear an exercise price equal to the closing price on the date of deferral and are immediately exercisable. The following table shows compensation paid to each non-employee director who served as a director during fiscal year 2024. Directors who serve as executive officers of the Company do not receive director compensation (compensation information for Richard Dreiling can be found beginning on page 47 ). Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Cheryl W. Gris 185,000 150,000 335,000 Daniel J. Heinrich 180,000 150,000 330,000 Paul C. Hilal (3) Edward J. Kelly, III 255,516 215,800 471,316 Mary A. Laschinger 150,000 150,000 300,000 Jeffrey G. Naylor 190,000 150,000 340,000 Winnie Y. Park (4) 112,500 150,000 262,500 Diane E. Randolph 150,000 150,000 300,000 Bertram L. Scott 150,000 150,000 300,000 Stephanie P. Stahl 180,000 150,000 330,000 (1) This column shows amounts earned for retainers and fees, including fees paid for service on standing and ad hoc committees, not reduced for deferrals. (2) This column includes the grant date fair value of shares granted (i) on July 1, 2024 to all non-employee directors who were serving on July 1, 2024 in the aggregate amount of $150,000 pursuant to the annual director equity awards, and (ii) on December 31, 2024 to Mr. Kelly in connection with his appointment as Chairman, in the aggregate amount $65,800 as a pro rata grant of the annual equity award for service as Chairman beginning on November 3, 2024. The number of shares were determined by dividing the value of the equity award by the Company s closing share price on the date of grant ($107.25 on July 1, 2024 and $74.94 on December 31, 2024). 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS (3) Mr. Hilal has waived all fees and stock awards for service as a director. (4) Ms. Park resigned as a director of the Company, effective December 2, 2024. The following table shows, for each of our non-employee directors, amounts deferred in fiscal year 2024, the number of shares underlying those deferrals and the aggregate number, as of February 1, 2025, of outstanding stock options, including options obtained through deferral of fees (all of which are fully vested), and deferred shares: Name Amounts Deferred in 2024 ($) (1) Shares Underlying Amounts Deferred in 2024 (#) Total Deferred Shares (#) Options Outstanding, including Options Acquired through Deferral of Fees (#) Total Shares Underlying Options and Deferred Amounts (#) Cheryl W. Gris 335,000 3,443 8,381 8,381 Daniel J. Heinrich 3,327 3,327 Paul C. Hilal Edward J. Kelly, III 365,800 3,934 8,575 8,575 Mary A. Laschinger 150,000 1,398 3,657 3,657 Jeffrey G. Naylor 150,000 1,398 6,874 2,803 9,677 Winnie Y. Park 262,500 2,556 Diane E. Randolph 150,000 1,398 2,637 2,637 Bertram L. Scott 150,000 1,398 3,657 3,657 Stephanie P. Stahl 330,000 3,388 11,826 11,826 (1) This column shows the dollar amount of retainers and fees deferred in fiscal 2024 under the Deferral Program. Directors were permitted to defer a portion or all of their fees into a deferred cash account, common stock equivalents (which we call deferred shares ) or options, as more fully described in the narrative in this section. Director Stock Ownership Requirements In November 2022, the Board enhanced its stock ownership guidelines to require that each non-employee director should hold Dollar Tree stock worth no less than five (5) times the annual cash retainer paid to directors, valued on the date such director acquired the stock. Vested stock or stock units beneficially owned by the director, including stock or stock units held in the director deferred compensation programs, are counted in meeting the guidelines, but unexercised stock options are not counted toward meeting the requirement. Under our policy, each director has five (5) years after he or she is first elected to the Board to meet the director stock holding requirements. As of April 2025 all of the directors are in compliance with the Company s stock ownership guidelines. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The Compensation Committee has reviewed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis and discussed it with our management. Based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company s proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. SUBMITTED BY THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Cheryl W. Gris (Chair) Paul C. Hilal Mary A. Laschinger COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) discusses how our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) were compensated for fiscal 2024 and how their fiscal 2024 compensation aligned with our pay for performance philosophy. Our NEOs for fiscal 2024 are listed below. 2024 Named Executive Officers Michael Creedon, Jr. Chief Executive Officer Richard Dreiling Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Davis Former Chief Financial Officer (1) Lawrence Gatta, Jr. Chief Merchandising Officer Family Dollar Michael Kindy Former Chief Supply Chain Officer (2) Richard McNeely Chief Merchandising Officer Dollar Tree (1) Mr. Davis served as our Chief Financial Officer during fiscal 2024. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2024, the Company appointed Stewart Glendinning as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective March 30, 2025. (2) Mr. Kindy served as our Chief Supply Chain Officer during fiscal 2024. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2024, the Company appointed Roxanne Weng as the Company s Chief Supply Chain Officer, effective April 28, 2025. In order to present our executive compensation program in an understandable manner, the CD A has been organized into the following sections: A. Executive Summary an overview of key accomplishments and improvements implemented in 2024. B. Compensation Principles the fundamental tenets upon which our compensation program is built. C. Components of Executive Compensation the specific elements of the 2024 executive compensation program. D. Compensation Governance key policies that govern the operation of the plans. It is important to read the CD A in conjunction with the detailed tables and narrative descriptions under Executive Compensation Tables beginning on page 47 of this proxy statement. This CD A includes the following important information: a detailed description of our 2024 Executive Compensation Program Page 27 a summary of our shareholder outreach process Page 29 a discussion of the alignment of pay and performance for our Executive Officers Page 31 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS A. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Our associates are a vital part of our success. We recognize that to be successful our associates must be well trained, highly motivated and fully supported by our business. In 2024, we continued our commitment to building our culture by reinforcing our values of serving with accountability, inspiring belonging, championing empowerment, operating with excellence and acting with integrity. These values are embedded into our ways of working and exemplified through our associate engagement strategy, including associate surveys, improved issues reporting and communication platforms and frequent communication from our leadership team on our values, strategies and performance. We have also focused on making meaningful improvements in our business and our associate experience through simplifying work. 2024 Business Performance and Strategic Initiatives Fiscal 2024 was marked in large part by our execution of strategic initiatives in the Family Dollar business. We undertook a comprehensive store portfolio optimization review and identified approximately 970 underperforming Family Dollar stores for closure. As of February 1, 2025, we had closed approximately 695 stores identified under the portfolio optimization review. In June 2024, we announced that we had initiated a formal review of strategic alternatives for the Family Dollar business, which could have included among others, a potential sale, spin-off or other disposition of the business. This review resulted in our decision to sell the Family Dollar business and, in March 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Family Dollar business for a purchase consideration of $1,007.0 million, subject to a number of adjustments, including with respect to working capital and net indebtedness. In our Dollar Tree business, we continued to execute on a number of initiatives to drive productive sales growth, improve operating efficiency, invest in technology, and expand our culture of service to our associates. We grew net sales by 4.7% and increased same-store sales in our Dollar Tree business by 1.8% during fiscal 2024 as growing customer acceptance of our expanded assortment drove sales momentum. In 2024, our Compensation Committee implemented incentive programs to reward executives for superior performance relative to goals that align the interests of executives with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Improvements to revenue growth and operating income and our total shareholder return, relative to peers, are all components of our compensation program for 2024. In addition, our compensation program for 2024 was influenced by the significance of the foregoing strategic initiatives, notably the sale of the Family Dollar business, as our Compensation Committee sought to incentivize support of these initiatives and alignment with the best interest of shareholders and enhance retention amongst the leadership team. Compensation Program for 2024 In late 2022, our Compensation Committee undertook a comprehensive review of our executive compensation program to assess the compensation elements and practices to attract and retain the best executive leadership team to drive transformational change. The Compensation Committee met multiple times to consider program design and implementation, shareholder input received through the engagement process, and market practices with respect to executive compensation. The changes resulting from the review were designed to increase the Company s ability to attract and retain high-performing executives, enhance pay-for-performance alignment, support the Company s culture, and align with the Company s transformational growth strategy and shareholder expectations. Based on that review, we implemented a compensation program in 2023 and 2024 that includes multiple metrics for the short-term and long-term incentive program, and a blend of incentive vehicles designed to motivate and align the executive leadership team with the strategic objectives of the Company and the interests of shareholders. To support Dollar Tree s transformational growth strategy, we 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS considered it critical to have significant incentive focus not just on operating profit, but on profitable growth. Our incentive program is described in detail below. Framework of our 2024 Executive Compensation Program Base Salaries The Compensation Committee increased base salaries based on various factors, including job performance and market benchmarking. Annual Cash Incentive Performance Plan The Compensation Committee maintained the adjusted operating income metric (weighted 60%) and adjusted total revenue metric (weighted 40%) to support the Company s strategic focus on profitable growth. Through a rigorous process the Committee set targets, thresholds and maximums and payout curves for each performance metric that are designed to be motivating and challenging. The adjusted operating income metric has a threshold payout for performance at 85% of the target and a maximum payout for performance at 112.5% of target. The adjusted total revenue metric has a threshold payout for performance at 95% of target and a maximum payout for performance at 105% of target. In addition, there is an adjusted operating income hurdle of $1,500 million (71% of target) which must be achieved for any payout to be earned under the plan. Long-Term Incentive Program Design The Compensation Committee maintained the mix of equity incentive awards consisting of 50% performance-based restricted stock units ( PSUs ), 30% service-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and 20% stock options. The PSU awards are the largest component and are designed to reward exceptional performance in achieving the Company s strategic objectives. The stock option awards link a portion of our executive s compensation directly to stock price appreciation and vest ratably over a three-year period from the grant date. The RSU awards align with share price, add balance to the long-term incentive mix and support executive retention. The RSUs vest ratably over a three-year period from the grant date. Long-Term Incentive Awards PSU Goal The Compensation Committee approved the following performance metrics for PSUs, measured over a three-year cumulative period: Adjusted earnings per share (weighted 60%) Adjusted total revenue (weighted 40%) Modified by total shareholder return ( TSR ), relative to peers (+/- 25%) 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation of Chief Executive Officer Mr. Creedon was appointed as our interim Chief Executive Officer on November 3, 2024 and as our Chief Executive Officer on December 18, 2024. In connection with those appointments, the Board, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee after receiving the advice of Meridian Compensation Partners ( Meridian ), the Committee s independent compensation consultant, made several changes to Mr. Creedon s compensation during fiscal 2024. In November 2024, his annual base salary was increased to $1,100,00 and he received additional long-term incentive awards with an aggregate value of $2,250,000 consisting of 50% PSUs, 30% RSUs and 20% stock options commensurate with our 2024 compensation program generally. In January 2025, in consideration of Mr. Creedon s new role as Chief Executive Officer, his annual base salary was further increased to $1,300,000 (below the peer group median) and his target annual incentive under the management incentive compensation plan was increased to 150% of his base salary (the 25 th percentile relative to the peer group). For additional information regarding the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our 2025 compensation program, see Changes in Compensation Program for 2025 below. Mr. Dreiling served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer during part of fiscal 2024 until his separation from the Company on November 3, 2024. In connection with his without cause separation from the Company, which entitled Mr. Dreiling to severance payments and benefits under his Executive Agreement with the Company effective March 22, 2022, as amended January 25, 2023. See Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control beginning on page 55 . Shareholder Outreach Each year we ask our shareholders to participate in an advisory vote on our executive compensation programs (the Say on Pay Vote ) and our Compensation Committee carefully considers the level of voting support and the feedback received from shareholders. At the 2024 annual meeting, approximately 95% of votes cast were in support of our Say on Pay Vote. Shareholder outreach and engagement have been an important part of the development of our compensation program and the improvements that have been implemented over the years. Following substantial discussions and input from shareholders in 2022, the Compensation Committee identified additional opportunities for improvement of its annual and long-term incentive program that were implemented beginning with the 2023 executive compensation program. Shareholder feedback on our executive compensation program since that time has generally been supportive, with shareholders expressing support for the Company s annual incentive design and metrics, long term incentive award mix, metrics and three-year performance periods. Changes in Compensation Program for 2025 In late 2024 and early 2025, our Compensation Committee undertook a review of our executive compensation program to assess the compensation elements and practices that would be needed to continue to attract, retain and motivate the best executive leadership team considering, among other things, the strategic alternatives review for Family Dollar. The Compensation Committee met multiple times to consider program design and implementation, shareholder input, and current market practices with respect to executive compensation. In consideration of performance, market competitiveness and to enhance retention amongst the leadership team, the Compensation Committee determined to retain the framework of the 2024 Executive Compensation Program with the following modifications for fiscal 2025: Increase the adjusted operating income metric weighting to 70% (from 60%) and decrease the adjusted total revenue metric to 30% for the annual cash incentive plan; 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Alter the mix of long-term incentive awards to 50% PSUs with three-year cumulative performance metrics based on performance criteria and 50% RSUs vesting ratably over three years; and Remove adjusted total revenue as a performance metric for the PSUs. The changes to the long-term incentive vehicle mix were viewed by the Compensation Committee as temporary measures critical to support the sale of the Family Dollar business. The increased weighting to RSUs provides increased resilience during a transformational period, simplifies the program, reduces challenges of setting targets and aligns executive compensation strongly with shareholder outcomes.. In early 2025, the Compensation Committee increased the compensation of our newly appointed Chief Executive Officer to better align with market practices. His annual base salary was increased to $1,300,000, his target annual incentive under the management incentive compensation plan was increased to 150% of his base salary beginning in fiscal 2025, and he received annual long-term incentive awards in April 2025 with an aggregate value of $9,000,000 commensurate with the Company s 2025 executive compensation program generally. In addition, Mr. Creedon entered into a revised Executive Agreement with the Company that reflects his role as Chief Executive Officer. Also in 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a compensation package for Stewart Glendinning, as our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer effective March 30, 2025. Mr. Glendinning will receive an annual base salary of $950,000, subject to annual adjustment, and his target annual incentive under the management incentive compensation plan is 100% of his base salary. Mr. Glendinning also received an annual long-term incentive award in April 2025 with an aggregate value of $3,900,000 commensurate with the Company s 2025 executive compensation program generally. Certain of our named executive officers also received incentives during fiscal 2024 and early fiscal 2025 in consideration of the ongoing review of strategic alternatives for Family Dollar. See Special Incentives in Connection with Strategic Initiatives beginning on page 39 . During 2024 the Company also adopted a revised form of its Executive Agreement with executive officers which supersedes and replaces the previous agreements, including those with Jeffrey Davis, Lawrence Gatta, Jr. and Michael Kindy. The new Executive Agreements reflect the Compensation Committee s determination to update our form Executive Agreement, primarily to align with market practices, create internal consistency amongst our Executive Agreements and make certain other non-material clarifying and technical changes. Among other things, the revised form of Executive Agreement amends the severance benefits payable to the executive to (i) provide that the severance amount of 24 months of base salary (unchanged from the prior agreements) will be paid in a lump sum, (ii) add a lump sum severance payment equal to a prorated portion of one year of executive s target bonus, (iii) reduce the COBRA continuation period from 24 months to 18 months and (iv) provide that the foregoing severance benefits are payable regardless of whether executive subsequently becomes employed with another employer (except, with respect to COBRA continuation, if the executive begins coverage under another group health plan). See Termination or Change in Control Arrangements beginning on page 41 . 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS B. COMPENSATION PRINCIPLES Our Compensation Program Philosophy and Objectives For 2024, the Compensation Committee established an executive compensation program (the 2024 Executive Compensation Program ) based on a pay-for-performance philosophy that links a significant portion of the executive s total compensation to the Company s performance and share price. The principal objectives of our compensation philosophy are to: align the interests of executives with those of shareholders; tie pay to performance; focus executives on the long-term growth and profitability of our business; recognize and reward achievement of corporate performance goals that create sustainable shareholder value; attract, motivate and retain highly qualified executives; unite the executive management team to a common objective; and provide executive pay that is competitive with market. Target Pay Mix Consistent with our desire to align pay and performance, our Compensation Committee used the primary pay elements of our 2024 Executive Compensation Program (base salary, annual incentives and long-term incentives) to develop a target pay package for each executive that is more heavily weighted towards variable or at-risk pay. As illustrated below, a significant portion of the pay is performance-based and therefore variable and at risk, which directly aligns the pay outcomes for our executives with the performance of the Company. To further align the 2024 Executive Compensation Program with long-term shareholder value, the Committee believes that long-term incentive compensation should be a substantial majority of our executive s total compensation. CEO Pay Mix Mr. Dreiling served as our CEO for part of fiscal 2024 until his separation from the Company on November 3, 2024. Mr. Dreiling s compensation historically was comprised of base salary and annual bonus incentives which, together with the long-term incentive provided through his inducement award in 2022, provided for an incentive program that was primarily variable, at-risk and aligned with shareholder s interests. NEO Pay Mix under the 2024 Executive Compensation Program Mr. Creedon s 2024 compensation is structured with the same components as our other NEOs. For all our NEOs, compensation is comprised of base salary, annual bonus, performance stock units, restricted stock units and stock options which provides for a significant portion of compensation that is variable, performance-based and at-risk. Alignment of Pay and Performance Our 2024 Executive Compensation Program is grounded in a pay-for-performance philosophy to align pay outcomes with the interests of our shareholders. The Compensation Committee regularly reviews compensation outcomes to ensure that our incentive plans operate to effectively align compensation with performance and with the creation of long-term shareholder value. 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Performance goals in both our short- and long-term incentive plans are set at challenging levels, to incentivize achievement of performance goals that drive long-term, sustainable shareholder value growth. When financial targets and performance goals are not met, performance-based incentive payments for our executives result in lower or zero payouts. We set relatively steep pay and performance curves for our short- and long-term incentive plans to give our executives meaningful downside risk and upside benefit if performance falls short of or exceeds the target. This aligns the executive s pay with shareholder experience and expectations. 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS C. Components of Executive Compensation Executive Compensation Program Overview The Compensation Committee has adopted a compensation program for executive officers that balances each executive s total compensation between fixed and at-risk and between short-term and long-term incentive components. The 2024 Executive Compensation Program consisted of market-competitive base salary tied to the executive s individual performance, experience and scope of responsibility, an annual cash bonus opportunity under our Management Incentive Compensation Plan ( MICP ) and long-term equity incentives in the form of PSUs, RSUs and stock options. 2024 Executive Compensation Program Element Vehicle Description Strategic Role Base Salary Helps attract and retain executives through market-competitive base pay Based on individual performance, experience and scope of responsibility Annual Cash Bonus Incentive Encourages achievement of short-term financial performance metrics that create shareholder value Cash bonus incentives in 2024 were based 60% on adjusted operating income and 40% on adjusted total revenue goals which are designed to promote profitable growth Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards Long-term incentive compensation composed of equity awards: 50% in PSUs, 30% in RSUs and 20% in stock options PSUs incentivize executives to drive financial performance toward long-term objectives PSUs awarded in 2024 were based on three-year cumulative goals for adjusted earnings per share (weighted 60%), adjusted total revenue (weighted 40%), with a three-year relative TSR modifier (+/- 25%) RSU awards create a retention incentive through multi-year vesting and robust stock ownership guidelines Stock options motivate executives to deliver long-term sustained share price performance In addition, we provide our executives with the benefits that are commonly available to our full-time associates, including participation in our retirement savings plan, employee stock purchase plan, health, dental and vision plans and various insurance plans, including disability and life insurance. Base Salary Our base salary philosophy is to provide reasonable current income to our named executive officers at a market competitive level to attract and retain individuals with a broad, proven track record of performance. To accomplish this objective, we provide base salaries that are intended to be competitive relative to similar positions at comparable companies. Base salaries are reviewed annually, and adjustments are made as required to recognize individual performance, increased individual experience, expanded scope of role and changes in the competitive marketplace. The Compensation Committee, with the assistance of Meridian, approved base salary amounts for the executive officers, other than Mr. Dreiling, in March 2024. In determining the base salaries for 2024, the Compensation Committee considered market data from the peer group and retail industry 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS peers, data on salary increases for executives and other relevant internal factors such as individual performance, scope of responsibility and criticality of the role. As a result of this review the base salaries of the named executive officers other than Mr. McNeely were increased as follows: Mr. Dreiling 3.7%, Mr. Davis 3.0%, Mr. Creedon 5.6%, Mr. Gatta 4.1%, and Mr. Kindy 3.0%. Mr. Creedon s base salary was subsequently increased in November 2024 and in January 2025 in connection with his appointment as interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, respectively. Annual Cash Bonus Incentives We provide our executive officers with the opportunity to annually earn cash incentives under the MICP. These incentives are designed to encourage the achievement of corporate financial objectives and to reward our executive officers for the significant impact they make on our corporate results. 2024 Bonus Opportunities Executive bonus opportunities are set as a percentage of salary. In 2024, the Compensation Committee determined that the payment of annual cash bonuses for the named executive officers would be based on two metrics: enterprise adjusted operating income (weighted 60%) and enterprise adjusted total revenue (weighted 40%). The 2024 incentive targets were set using the market data provided from the peer group and our assessment of appropriate targets within our management structure. The Company performance goals for the annual cash bonus incentive are generally derived from operating income and total revenue targets in the annual budget as approved by the Board of Directors at the beginning of the fiscal year. Thus, these performance goals are consistent with the Board s overall outlook of the Company s potential performance over a one-year horizon. The performance targets are intended to be challenging but achievable with significant effort and serve to focus our management team on a common goal while aligning efforts with shareholder interests. The metrics chosen for the annual cash bonus incentive plan are designed to encourage achievement of financial performance that is strategically important and creates sustainable shareholder value, and they are important metrics for evaluating the performance of retail companies. The definitions of adjusted operating income and adjusted total revenue used by the Committee are provided on page 35 . Annual incentive awards in 2024 were determined as follows: 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2024 Corporate Performance Metrics The Compensation Committee set the adjusted operating income target for 2024 at $2,105.2 million and the adjusted total revenue target for 2024 at $31,649.8 million based on the annual budget approved by the Board of Directors at the beginning of the fiscal year. To receive a payout under the adjusted operating income metric, we must achieve at least 85% of the adjusted operating income target and to receive a payout under the adjusted total revenue metric, we must achieve at least 95% of the adjusted total revenue target, provided however that no payout will be paid for either metric if the adjusted operating income is below $1,500 million (71% of the target). Corporate Performance Goals for NEOs The following tables summarize potential payout percentages for MICP awards based on the percentage of the adjusted operating income target and adjusted total revenue target attained. Adjusted Operating Income (60% of potential MICP payout) % of Corporate Performance Target Attained Potential Payout Percentage Below 85.0% 0 % 85% 50 % 90% 66.7 % 95% 83.3 % 100% 100 % 105% 140 % 110% 180 % 112.5% or above 200 % Adjusted Total Revenue (40% of potential MICP payout) % of Corporate Performance Target Attained Potential Payout Percentage Below 95.0% 0 % 95% 50 % 97.5% 75 % 100% 100 % 102.5% 150 % 105% or above 200 % The MICP bonuses relating to performance in a given fiscal year are paid in the following year when annual financial results are available, generally in March or April. The amount of the MICP awards must be determined and approved by the Compensation Committee which considers the Company s overall financial results and the level of performance achievement. The Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, decrease the amount of MICP awards that may otherwise be payable upon the attainment of the applicable performance goals. The definition of adjusted operating income and adjusted total revenue approved by the Compensation Committee for purposes of measuring the 2024 target performance under the MICP excludes from Operating Income and Total Revenue (as calculated in accordance with GAAP) the impact of the following, to the extent unbudgeted and approved by the Compensation Committee: (i) Canadian currency fluctuations; (ii) changes in accounting policies, practices and pronouncements; (iii) non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment charges; (iv) expenses incurred with respect to future mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures; (v) significant board-approved strategic changes, (vi) any cost or expense in excess of $5 million in the aggregate related to (A) uninsured natural disasters or casualties or (B) legal disputes or governmental proceedings; (vii) lease costs, expenses, asset write-offs, incentive compensation, and severance related to closed stores or distribution centers; and (viii) future changes in laws or regulations. The Committee may, in determining performance achievement, adjust the performance goal or results as it deems necessary or appropriate. In considering adjustments to performance, the Committee applies the target definition above based on guiding principles which expect management to manage the business to the best outcomes, but which avoid rewarding or penalizing management for unexpected events; align incentives with long-term business strategy and best interests of stakeholders; provide 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS flexibility to deal with unexpected events so that rigorous performance goals can be set; consider holistic performance in cash bonus incentive payouts; and avoid penalizing management for making tough decisions in the best interests of the business, but which would negatively impact incentive outcomes. In determining performance achievement for 2024, the Compensation Committee considered the foregoing principles and determined that certain adjustments to operating income were appropriate, including approximately $1.98 billion of adjustments associated with our strategic review of Family Dollar and the related held-for-sale accounting treatment. The Compensation Committee determined that these adjustments were appropriate in light of the significance of the Family Dollar strategic review, which the Board believes will position the Company to realize its full potential to create long-term value in the best interest of shareholders, but which significantly impacted our financial results for 2024. During its March 2025 meeting, the Compensation Committee determined the following Company performance for fiscal 2024: Metric 2024 Target (1) ($) 2024 Achievement (1) ($) % of Target Achieved % of Payout per Metric Weighting (%) Total Weighted Payout (%) Adjusted Operating Income (2) $2,105.2 $1,807.9 85.9 % 52.9 % 60 % 31.74 % Adjusted Total Revenue (3) $31,649.8 $30,845.6 97.5 % 74.6 % 40 % 29.84 % Total 100 % 61.6 % (1) Dollars in millions. (2) The target definition of adjusted operating income provided above allows for adjustments of certain items within the discretion of the Compensation Committee. This measure has been adjusted for 2024, in consideration of the principles above, with adjustments totaling $2.17 billion for certain costs and expenses including those related to our strategic review of Family Dollar and the related held-for-sale accounting treatment, executive transitions, our store portfolio optimization review, changes in accounting practices related to general liability claims, natural disasters, legal disputes and government proceedings, anti-dumping duties and Canadian currency fluctuations. See Appendix A on page A-1 for a reconciliation of our GAAP results to adjusted operating income, a non-GAAP financial measure used for incentive payout purposes. (3) The target definition of adjusted total revenue provided above allows for adjustments of certain items within the discretion of the Compensation Committee. No adjustments were made in the measurement of achievement of the adjusted total revenue performance for 2024. Based upon the determinations described above, the Compensation Committee authorized 2024 cash performance bonuses under the MICP for the named executive officers as follows: Executive Bonus Target as % of Base Salary Amount of Target Bonus Total Payout % Corporate Performance Bonus Earned Michael Creedon, Jr. (1) 100 % $ 987,500 61.6 % $ 608,300 Richard Dreiling (2) 175 % 2,450,000 Jeffrey Davis 100 % 850,000 61.6 % 523,600 Lawrence Gatta, Jr. (2) 100 % 760,000 Michael Kindy 75 % 521,250 61.6 % 321,090 Richard McNeely 100 % 974,000 61.6 % 599,984 (1) Mr. Creedon s target bonus amount reflects a prorated amount for his service as Chief Operating Officer, interim Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Executive Officer during fiscal 2024. (2) Messrs. Dreiling and Gatta were not eligible to receive a cash performance bonus under the MICP due to their departures during or at the end of fiscal 2024. 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS Long-Term Incentives The largest component of our executive compensation program consists of long-term equity incentive awards. For 2024, the Compensation Committee awarded a mix of equity incentive awards granted pursuant to our 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, consisting of 50% PSUs with three-year cumulative performance metrics (referred to herein as 2024 Three-Year PSUs ), 30% RSUs and 20% stock options (with the RSU and stock option awards vesting ratably over a three-year period from the date of grant). We believe that long-term performance-based equity incentives provide our executives with a strong link to our long-term performance, create an ownership culture to help align the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders, and promote retention. The Committee structured the long-term incentive program with a blend of at-risk incentives designed to motivate our executives and align their interests with those of our shareholders and time-based equity awards designed to promote retention and to focus our executives on creating long-term shareholder value. Stock options were also added as a tool to incentivize executives to create shareholder value through stock price appreciation. The long-term incentive awards are generally set at market levels based upon the peer data. The Compensation Committee generally grants equity-based awards on an annual basis, and at other times as the Committee deems appropriate, including for newly hired or promoted executive officers or in extraordinary circumstances. The Compensation Committee determines the aggregate monetary grant value of executive officers equity-based awards taking into account, among other things, our pay mix targets, the desired mix of equity-based vehicles, the executive officer s contribution to Company performance, competitive compensation levels and dilution or pool limits. Mr. Dreiling did not participate in the long-term incentive plan. In March 2022, we granted a stock option of 2,252,587 shares of Dollar Tree common stock with a per-share exercise price of $157.17, the closing trading price of Dollar Tree common stock on March 18, 2022, to Mr. Dreiling as an inducement award in connection with his employment as our Executive Chairman. In light of this stock option grant, which was intended by the Company to be a multi-year award, Mr. Dreiling was not eligible to receive additional long-term equity incentive awards for his service as Executive Chairman or Chief Executive Officer. 2024 Three-Year PSUs Beginning in 2023, the Compensation Committee changed the performance metric for PSUs to a three-year cumulative measure based on two metrics: adjusted earnings per share (weighted 60%) and adjusted total revenue (weighted 40%) and modified by the Company s relative total shareholder return measured against the Company s compensation benchmarking peer group. The incentive targets for the 2024 Three-Year PSUs were set based on our understanding of general market conditions, our long-range plans, investor expectations and our assessment of appropriate targets for management. Target Opportunities . In 2024, the Compensation Committee made grants of performance-based restricted stock units based upon a three-year cumulative adjusted earnings per share and adjusted total revenue target for fiscal years 2024-2026. The Compensation Committee established the target value of the 2024 Three-Year PSU opportunity for each of our executive officers. The target number of PSUs was determined by dividing the total target award value by the fair market value of a share of Dollar Tree stock on the date of grant. This award will not vest, if at all, until the completion of the 2026 fiscal year. In consideration of the long-term incentive award made to Mr. Dreiling in 2022, the Compensation Committee did not include Mr. Dreiling in the Company s long-term incentive program for 2024 and he did not receive a 2024 Three-Year PSU award in fiscal 2024. Payout Curves . The Compensation Committee set the three-year cumulative adjusted earnings per share and adjusted total revenue targets at levels requiring achievement of significant financial performance, based on the Company s annual budget and long-term plan. The Compensation 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Committee adopted payout curves for each performance metric which determine the amount to be paid depending on actual performance. In addition to the performance metrics described above, the 2024 Three-Year PSU payout is subject to: (i) a kicker which increases the payout factor if the Company achieves a pre-determined, very challenging adjusted earnings per share goal in fiscal 2026; and (ii) a modifier based on the Company s total shareholder return compared to the total shareholder return of the Company s peer group. 2024 Long Term Incentive Awards Beginning in 2023, the Compensation Committee added RSUs and stock options to the long-term incentive program. The RSUs and stock options vest in approximately equal installments over a three-year period provided that the recipient remains continuously employed with the Company through the vesting dates, unless vesting is accelerated due to death, disability or retirement. The Compensation Committee established the target value of the RSU and stock options for each of our executive officers as a percentage of the total target incentive award. The number of PSUs was determined by dividing 50% of the total target award value by the fair market value of a share of Dollar Tree stock on the date of grant. The number of RSUs was determined by dividing 30% of the total target award value by the fair market value of a share of Dollar Tree stock on the date of grant. The number of stock options was determined by dividing 20% of the total target award value by the fair market value of one stock option on the date of grant calculated using the Black Scholes option-pricing method. The stock options were awarded at a strike price that is equal to the closing price on the date of grant and have a ten-year expiration period. In consideration of the long-term incentive award made to Mr. Dreiling in 2022, the Compensation Committee did not include Mr. Dreiling in the Company s long-term incentive program for 2024 and he did not receive RSU and stock option awards in fiscal 2024. 2022 Three-Year PSUs In 2022, the Company s long-term incentive program included the award of performance-based restricted stock unit awards with three-year cumulative performance metrics (referred to herein as the 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards ). The 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards provided for vesting upon the achievement of the three-year cumulative performance goal. As described in more detail below, the Compensation Committee in 2022 granted 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards to the named executive officers that participated in the long-term incentive program at that time. In March 2025, our Compensation Committee certified the three-year performance achievement of the 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards. Target Opportunities . In 2022, the Compensation Committee made grants of PSUs based upon a three-year cumulative enterprise adjusted total sales goal for fiscal years 2022-2024. The target number of PSUs to be awarded under the 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards was determined by dividing the target award value by the fair market value of a share of Dollar Tree stock on the date of grant. Of the named executive officers, only Messrs. Gatta and McNeely received the 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards. Performance Metric . The Compensation Committee used three-year cumulative adjusted Total Sales as the performance metric. For purposes of the 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards, the target definition of adjusted Total Sales allowed for the exclusion of the effects relating to or resulting from: (i) Canadian currency fluctuations; (ii) changes in accounting policies, practices and pronouncements; and (iii) future mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures. The Compensation Committee made no adjustments in its determination of the Company s achievement under this metric. Payout Curve . The Compensation Committee adopted a payout curve which determines the amount to be paid depending on actual performance within the threshold, target and maximum levels described in the table below. 38 TABLE OF CONTENTS Achievement Level Performance Achievement % Earning % Threshold 97 % 50 % Target 100 % 100 % Maximum 104 % 200 % Performance Achieved . The Compensation Committee set the three-year cumulative adjusted total sales target of $86,378 million. In March 2025, the Compensation Committee determined the Company s actual performance and the corresponding performance achievement percentage and earning percentage relative to the 2022-2024 performance goal as described in the table below. Performance Metric Threshold Target Maximum Actual Results ($ in millions) Three-Year adjusted Total Sales (2022-2024) $ 83,787 $ 86,378 $ 89,833 $ 89,718 % of Target 97 % 100 % 104 % 103.9 % The overall three-year performance achievement percentage of 103.9% resulted in an earned percentage of 196.7%. Based on this outcome, Mr. McNeely earned 5,550 PSUs in respect of their 2022 Three-Year PSU Awards. Special Incentives in Connection with Strategic Initiatives Throughout 2023 and 2024, we continued to execute on several strategic initiatives across the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar banners to drive productive sales growth, improve operating efficiency, invest in technology, and expand our culture of service to our associates. We undertook a comprehensive store portfolio optimization review and identified approximately 970 underperforming Family Dollar stores for closure. In addition, in June 2024, we announced that we had initiated a formal review of strategic alternatives for the Family Dollar business segment, which could include among others, a potential sale, spin-off or other disposition of the business. In connection with these strategic initiatives, the Compensation Committee considered the importance of these strategic initiatives to Dollar Tree, the very high level of effort required of our executives to achieve these initiatives and the potential disruption and uncertainty associated with a significant strategic review. Accordingly, we entered into compensatory arrangements with certain of our executive officers to further incentivize performance of these initiatives and alignment with the best interest of shareholders. In May 2024, we entered into a letter agreement with Mr. McNeely providing that, if Mr. McNeely remains employed with the Company through the date that the incentive awards are made in 2026, he will receive a 2026 incentive award at the same time, in the same form, and subject to the same performance conditions as the awards expected to be made to other executive vice presidents of the Company in 2026, provided that Mr. McNeely s 2026 incentive awards shall not be subject to early forfeiture if he retires from the Company prior to any vesting period assigned to such 2026 incentive awards. Because such 2026 incentive awards have not been granted, the value and specific terms and conditions of such awards, and the value of the continued vesting provision provided by the letter agreement, cannot be determined at this time. In July 2024, we made a special performance award to each of Mr. Gatta and Mr. Kindy of PSUs that will vest at a target value of 14,060 shares (based on a value of $1.5 million on the date of grant) on the third anniversary of grant, contingent on continued service through that date, with earlier vesting at target in the event of death, disability or retirement of the Executive as defined in the award. The PSUs may vest prior to the third anniversary of grant, at target or up to 166.67% of target, based on a determination by the Company s Board of Directors of achievement of certain performance objectives relating to the Company s review of strategic alternatives with respect to the Family Dollar business segment. The performance objectives are competitively sensitive and so are not disclosed. 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS In connection with Mr. Creedon s appointment as interim CEO in November 2024, we awarded a cash bonus of $500,000 to Mr. Creedon, to be paid upon achievement of certain performance objectives related to our review of strategic alternatives for Family Dollar. Based on his advancement of the ongoing review of strategic alternatives, we determined that these achievements had been met and approved the payout of this cash bonus in fiscal 2025. If Mr. Creedon is terminated for cause or voluntarily terminates his employment within three years, however, he will be required to repay the full amount of any such bonus. In connection with Mr. Glendinning s appointment as CFO in fiscal 2025, he also received certain incentives in consideration of his leadership in connection with the ongoing review of strategic alternatives for Family Dollar. He received an additional one-time equity award with an aggregate value of $975,000 consisting of 50% RSUs and 50% PSUs in April 2025. He also received a cash bonus of $250,000 upon execution of a definitive transaction agreement. Retirement, Deferred Compensation and Pension Plans We do not have any defined benefit or pension plans that provide for payments based on an executive s salary and/or years of service. In addition, we have not adopted a supplemental executive retirement plan or other excess plan that pays benefits to highly compensated executives. Instead, we offer the following two arrangements to allow executives to actively participate in funding their retirement plans. Executives are eligible to participate in the Dollar Tree Retirement Savings Plan. At the end of the year, the Board may approve a discretionary profit-sharing contribution to be made to all eligible employees, including executive officers. In addition, executives may elect to defer a portion of their cash compensation into 401(k) retirement accounts. Beginning January 1, 2019, the Board authorized us to match 100% of 401(k) deferrals up to 5% of an individual s cash compensation. The Dollar Tree and Family Dollar Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan allows certain officers and executives, including our named executive officers, to defer receipt of up to 50% of their base salary and up to 100% of their bonus payments. The plan is a nonqualified plan and the Company does not fund, make any contributions to, or provide any interest rate subsidy for the plan. The plan allows executives to save for retirement in a t