=== IQV_2026-02-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in evaluating our Company. The occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Summary of Risk Factors Below is a summary of some of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results: Risks Relating to Our Business • The potential loss or delay of contracts could adversely affect our results. • Our financial results may be adversely affected if we underprice our contracts, overrun our cost estimates or fail to receive approval for or experience delays in documenting change orders. • Failure to meet productivity objectives under our internal business transformation initiatives could adversely impact our competitiveness and harm our operating results. • If we are unsuccessful at investing in growth opportunities and are unable to develop and market new services or enter new markets, our growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. • If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate existing businesses, services and technologies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. • If we are unable to attract suitable investigators and patients for our clinical trials, our clinical development business might suffer. • If we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit additional qualified personnel, our business could be adversely affected. Intellectual Property • We depend on third parties for data and support services. Our suppliers or providers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data or provide services, which could lead to our inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. • Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. • We may be subject to claims by others that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. • We rely on licenses from third parties to certain technology and intellectual property rights for some of our services and the licenses we currently have could terminate or expire. IT systems and Information • Security breaches and unauthorized use of our IT systems and information could expose us, our clients, our data suppliers or others to risk of loss. • We may experience challenges with the acquisition, development, enhancement or deployment of technology necessary for our business. • Data protection, privacy and similar laws restrict access, use and disclosure of personal information, and failure to comply with these laws could materially harm our business. Client Risks • Consolidation in the industries in which our clients operate may reduce the volume of services purchased by consolidated clients following an acquisition or merger. • We may be adversely affected by client or therapeutic concentration. • Our relationships with existing or potential clients who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other clients or potential clients use our services. • There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a client, and then the client becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial, and we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense. 18 Market Forces • Disruptions in the credit and capital markets and unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. • Our effective income tax rate may fluctuate for a variety of reasons. • Due to the global nature of our business we are subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. • Climate change may have an impact on our business. Liability Exposure • Our Research & Development Solutions business could subject us to potential liability. • Our Contract Sales & Medical Solutions business could result in liability to us if a drug causes harm to a patient. • Our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations. • We may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact the usefulness of the clinical trial which could subject us to significant costs or liability. • If we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability. Risks Relating to Our Industry • The biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive and our business could be materially impacted if we do not compete effectively or rapidly adapt to technological change. • Outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate spending and research and development budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate. • We may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional reforms. • Actions by government regulators or clients to limit a prescription’s scope or withdraw an approved drug from the market could affect our business and result in a loss of revenues. • Laws restricting biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices may adversely impact demand for our services. Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness • Restrictions imposed in the Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined below) and other outstanding indebtedness, including the indentures governing outstanding notes issued by our wholly owned subsidiary IQVIA Inc., may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance our future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. • Interest rate fluctuations and our ability to deduct interest expense may affect our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock • Provisions of the corporate governance documents of IQVIA could make an acquisition of IQVIA difficult and may prevent attempts by its stockholders to replace or remove its management, even if beneficial to its stockholders. • Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing any interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by certain parties. For a more complete discussion of the material risk facing our business, see below. 19 Risks Relating to Our Business The potential loss or delay of our large contracts or of multiple contracts could adversely affect our results. Most of our Research & Development Solutions clients can terminate our contracts upon 30 to 90 days' notice. Our clients may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to: • decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial; • lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities; • actions by regulatory authorities; • production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested; • failure of products being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria; • unexpected or undesired clinical results for products; • insufficient patient enrollment in a clinical trial; • insufficient investigator recruitment; • shift of business to a competitor or internal resources; • product withdrawal following market launch; or • shut down of manufacturing facilities. As a result, contract terminations, delays and alterations are a regular part of our Research & Development Solutions business. In the event of termination, our contracts often provide for fees for winding down the project, but these fees may not be sufficient for us to realize the full amount of revenues or profits anticipated under the related services contracts, and termination may result in lower resource utilization rates. In addition, we will not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our clients cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them, which may occur if, among other things, a client decides to shift its business to a competitor or revoke our status as a preferred provider. Thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We believe the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts potentially has greater effect where we are party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies. We depend on third parties for data and support services. Our suppliers or providers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data or provide services, which could lead to our inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our Commercial Solutions information services are derived from data we collect from third parties. These data suppliers are numerous and diverse, reflecting the broad scope of information that we collect and use in our business. Although we typically enter into long-term contractual arrangements with many of these suppliers of data, at the time of entry into a new contract or renewal of an existing contract, suppliers may increase restrictions on our use of such data, increase the price they charge us for data or refuse altogether to license the data to us. In addition, during the term of any data supply contract, suppliers may fail to adhere to our data quality control standards or fail to deliver data. Further, although no single individual data supplier is material to our business, if a number of suppliers collectively representing a significant amount of data that we use for one or more of our services were to impose additional contractual restrictions on our use of or access to data, fail to adhere to our quality-control standards, repeatedly fail to deliver data or refuse to provide data, now or in the future, our ability to provide those services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which may harm our operating results and financial condition. 20 Additionally, we depend on third parties for support services to our business. Such support services include, but are not limited to, third- party transportation providers, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials, suppliers of kits for use in our clinical trial laboratories business, suppliers of reagents for use in our testing equipment and providers of maintenance contracts for our equipment. The failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed. We contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. Our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, electronic data capture, patient recruitment and other related services, and we perform these services in a number of ways, including through physical and technology-enabled efforts. Such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations. For example, we must adhere to applicable regulatory requirements such as those required by the FDA, the EMA and the competent authorities of the member states of the EU, and the MHRA in the UK, and Good Laboratory Practice and GCP requirements, which govern, among other things, the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials. Once initiated, clinical trials must be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the applicable investigational new drug/device application or clinical trial application, the requirements of the relevant institutional review boards or ethics committees, and GCP requirements. For studies involving controlled substances, we are also typically subject to enhanced regulations, such as those required by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (“DEA”) which regulates the distribution, recordkeeping, handling, security, and disposal of controlled substances. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials or sales and marketing practices. Such actions may include sanctions, such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. Clients may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those clinical trials may bring personal injury claims against us for negligence. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. Such consequences could arise if, among other things, the following occur: Improper performance of our services. The performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. For example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact or obviate the usefulness of the clinical trial or cause the results of the clinical trial to be reported improperly. If the clinical trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services. As examples: • non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or sales and marketing projects or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities; • compromise of data from a particular clinical trial, such as failure to verify that informed consent was obtained from patients, could require us to repeat the clinical trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our client, but at a substantial cost to us; and • breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract. Large clinical trials can cost up to hundreds of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected client or other clients. Investigation of clients. From time to time, one or more of our clients are audited or investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. In these situations, we have often provided services to our clients with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being audited or investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. There is a risk that either our clients or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. If our clients or regulatory authorities make such claims against us and prove them, we could be subject to damages, fines or penalties. In addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our clients’ clinical trials, programs or drugs could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 21 Insufficient client funding to complete a clinical trial. As noted above, clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a client, and then the client becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial. This risk is heightened in a recessionary or weak funding environment for our customers, who may be unable to raise or expend funds necessary to complete a trial. In such a situation, notwithstanding the client’s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the clinical trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense. Failure of vendors to perform contractual obligations . In the course of a clinical trial, we regularly contract with third party providers on behalf of our clients to support execution of the trial. If these third parties fail to perform their contractual obligations, we may incur additional costs or responsibilities in order to provide our clients with our contractually obligated deliverables, despite the failure of such third parties. Security breaches and unauthorized use of our IT systems and information, or the IT systems or information in the possession of our vendors, could expose us, our clients, our data suppliers or others to risk of loss. We rely upon the security of our computer and communications systems infrastructure to protect us from cyberattacks and unauthorized access. Cyberattacks can include malware, computer viruses, hacking or other significant disruption of our computer, communications and related systems. Third parties may attempt to improperly persuade customers, suppliers, vendors, partners, employees or others to disclose sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information that can be used to gain unauthorized access to systems or data. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of AI-supported attacks. As cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber threats might defeat the measures that we or our vendors take to anticipate, detect, avoid or mitigate such threats. Certain techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, introduce malicious software, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures since techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Our preventive and remedial actions, including the activities described in Item 1C Cybersecurity in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may not be successful. We have acquired various companies, products, services and technologies over the years. While we make significant efforts to identify and address IT security issues with respect to these acquisitions, we may still inherit security risks associated with these activities. The size and complexity of our IT and information security systems, and those of our vendors (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions including, but not limited to, by our employees, contingent workers, service providers, business partners, customers or malicious attackers. Such attacks, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in our incurring costs related to, for example, rebuilding internal systems, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages or fines, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. Publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with clients and data suppliers and reduce demand for our services. We also store proprietary and sensitive information in connection with our business, which could be compromised by a cyberattack. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, an inappropriate disclosure of proprietary or sensitive information, an inability to access data sources, or an inability to process data or provide our offerings to our clients, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our data suppliers and clients (including loss of suppliers and clients), lead to claims against us and ultimately harm our business. We may be required to incur significant costs to alleviate, remedy or protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. We may also face inquiry or increased scrutiny from government agencies as a result of any such disruption or breach. While we have insurance coverage for certain instances of a cyber security breach, our coverage may not be sufficient if we suffer a significant attack or multiple attacks. Any such breach or disruption could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and our reputation as a service provider. Some of our vendors have significant responsibility for the security of certain of our data centers and computer-based platforms or Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") applications upon which our businesses rely to host or process data or to perform various functions. Also, our data suppliers have responsibility for security of their own computer and communications environments. These third parties face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, which could disrupt their businesses and therefore materially impact ours. Accordingly, we are subject to any flaw in or breaches to their computer and communications systems or those that they operate for us, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results. 22 The risk of cyberattacks has increased in connection with geopolitical events and dynamics. State-sponsored parties or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyberattacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain disruptions, or carry out other geopolitically motivated actions that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may result in data compromise. State-sponsored actors have carried out cyberattacks to accomplish their goals that may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. Failure to meet productivity objectives under our internal business transformation initiatives could adversely impact our competitiveness and harm our operating results. We are pursuing business transformation initiatives to update technology, increase innovation and obtain operating efficiencies, including through the use of AI. As part of these initiatives, which include accelerating site start-up timelines and improving our customer buying experience, we seek to improve our productivity, flexibility, quality, functionality and cost savings by investing in the development and implementation of global platforms and integration of our business processes and functions to achieve economies of scale. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains, or be completed in a timely manner, which may impact our competitiveness and our ability to meet our growth objectives and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. If we are unsuccessful at investing in growth opportunities, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities, including the development and acquisition of new data, technologies and services to meet our clients’ needs. For example, we are expanding our services and technology offerings, such as the development of a cloud-based platform with a growing number of applications to support commercial and clinical operations for life sciences companies (e.g., multi-channel marketing, marketing campaign management, customer relationship management, incentive compensation management, targeting and segmentation, performance management, site engagement payments, trial master file, risk based monitoring, in-home nursing and other services, clinical trial management and decentralized trials and other applications). We are also investing significantly in our AI strategy by launching AI-enabled solutions across our business units, developing AI agents for internal use and external offerings, and developing relationships with key strategic partners across the health-tech sector to foster collaboration and facilitate interoperability amongst AI-enabled solutions. We also continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities in emerging markets, such as the development, launch and enhancement of services in China, India, Turkey, and other countries. We consider our presence in these markets to be an important component of our growth strategy. There is no assurance that our investment plans or growth strategy will be successful or will produce a sufficient or any return on our investments. Further, if we are unable to develop new technologies and services or keep up with the rapid pace of change in technological development and innovation, clients do not purchase our new technologies and services, our new technologies and services do not work as intended or there are delays in the availability or adoption of our new technologies and services, then we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur slower than anticipated. Additionally, although we expect continued growth in healthcare spending in emerging markets, such spending may occur more slowly or not at all, and we may not benefit from our investments in these markets. We plan to fund growth opportunities with cash from operations or from future financings. There can be no assurance that those sources will be available in sufficient amounts to fund future growth opportunities when needed. Any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Data protection, privacy and similar laws and regulations in the United States and around the world restrict access, use and disclosure of personal information, and failure to comply with or adapt to changes in these laws could materially and adversely harm our business. The confidentiality, collection, use, retention, security, transfer and disclosure of personal information is subject to governmental regulation in the countries where the personal information was collected or processed. 23 For example, United States federal regulations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) create specific requirements for the protection of the privacy and security of certain individually-identifiable health information, specifically protected health information (PHI). These provisions apply to both “covered entities” (health care providers, health care plans, and clearinghouses) and their “business associates” (service providers who process PHI on behalf of the covered entity). When acting as a HIPAA covered entity or as a business associate of a covered entity, there can be liability for improper processing of PHI. Under HIPAA’s enforcement scheme, overseen by the US Department of Health and Human Services, covered entities and business associates may be subject to significant penalties and fines in connection with HIPAA violations, along with the potential for significant other expenditures related to these activities. Privacy laws and regulations in all regions of the world are designed to ensure that information about an individual is properly protected from inappropriate access, use and disclosure. Such laws and regulations also include the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), Brazil’s General Data Protection Law (LGPR), India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDP Act), Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI), China’s Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) and many other data protection and privacy laws at the national, state/provincial and local level. Under most laws and regulations around the world, any information that relates to an identifiable natural person is considered “personal information”. In general, health information related to an identifiable person is considered “sensitive personal information” and is highly regulated. Processing health information carries additional obligations under these laws and regulations, often including the need to obtain the explicit consent of the individual for collection, use or disclosure of the information. In many countries, there are restrictions related to the cross-border transfer of personal information to other countries, including the need to put measures in place to allow the data transfer to occur. For example, registration with the EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) allows the transfer of data from the EU to US. For companies not registering with the DPF, another means of legalizing the transfer is the use of standard contractual clauses. In addition, in several countries around the world there are requirements to maintain personal information or sensitive personal information within that particular country under their data localization laws. We have established frameworks, models, processes and technologies t

=== IQV_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A—“Risk Factors” of our 2025 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Not applicable. Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities Not applicable. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer On October 30, 2013, our Board of Directors (the "Board") approved an equity repurchase program (the “Repurchase Program”) authorizing the repurchase of up to $125 million of our common stock. The Board increased the stock repurchase authorization under the Repurchase Program with respect to the repurchase of our common stock by $600 million, $1.5 billion, $2.0 billion, $1.5 billion, $2.0 billion, $2.0 billion, $2.0 billion, and $2.0 billion in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2022, 2023, and 2025, respectively, which increased the total amount that has been authorized under the Repurchase Program to $13,725 million. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and it may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. The timing and amount of repurchases are determined by our management based on a variety of factors such as the market price of our common stock, our corporate requirements, and overall market conditions. Purchases of our common stock may be made in open market transactions effected through a broker-dealer at prevailing market prices, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions. The Repurchase Program for common stock does not have an expiration date. In addition, from time to time, we have repurchased and may continue to repurchase common stock through private or other transactions outside of the Repurchase Program. From inception of the Repurchase Program through March 31, 2026, we have repurchased a total of $12,508 million of our securities under the Repurchase Program. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of our common stock for $552 million under the Repurchase Program. See Note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details regarding the Repurchase Program. As of March 31, 2026, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to $1,217 million of our common stock under the Repurchase Program. Since the merger between Quintiles and IMS Health in October 2016, we have repurchased 95.2 million shares of our common stock at an average market price per share of $127.53 for an aggregate purchase price of $12,134 million both under and outside of the Repurchase Program. This includes shares withheld from employees to satisfy certain tax obligations due in connection with grants of stock under the IQVIA Holdings Inc. 2017 Incentive and Stock Award Plan (the “Plan”). The Plan provides for the withholding of shares to satisfy tax obligations. It does not specify a maximum number of shares that can be withheld for this purpose. The shares of common stock withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations may be deemed to be “issuer purchases” of shares that are required to be disclosed pursuant to this Item. 32 Table of contents The following table summarizes the monthly equity repurchase program activity for the three months ended March 31, 2026, and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to the Repurchase Program. (in millions, except per share data) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1, 2026 — January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 1,769 February 1, 2026 — February 28, 2026 2.9 $ 171.74 2.9 $ 1,277 March 1, 2026 — March 31, 2026 0.3 $ 170.23 0.3 $ 1,217 3.2 3.2 Item 5. Other Information In the first quarter of 2026, no director or officer (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f)) of IQVIA Holdings Inc. adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the purchase or sale of securities of IQVIA Holdings Inc., within the meaning of Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 33 Table of contents Item 6. Exhibits The exhibits below are filed or furnished as a part of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.1 IQVIA Holdings Inc. 2026 Incentive and Stock Award Plan. 8-K 001-35907 10.1 April 23, 2026 10.2 Form of Award Agreement Awarding Stock Appreciation Rights under the IQVIA Holdings Inc. 2026 Incentive and Stock Award Plan effective April 2026. 8-K 001-35907 10.2 April 23, 2026 10.3 Form of Award Agreement Awarding Performance Shares under the IQVIA Holdings Inc. 2026 Incentive and Stock Award Plan effective April 2026. 8-K 001-35907 10.3 April 23, 2026 10.4 Form of Award Agreement Awarding Restricted Stock Units under the IQVIA Holdings Inc. 2026 Incentive and Stock Award Plan effective April 2026. 8-K 001-35907 10.4 April 23, 2026 10.5 Form of Award Agreement Awarding Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units under the IQVIA Holdings Inc. 2026 Incentive and Stock Award Plan effective April 2026. 8-K 001-35907 10.5 April 23, 2026 22.1 List of Subsidiary Guarantors and Affiliates who Collateralize the Company’s Securities. X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 31.2 Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.2 Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101 Interactive Data Files Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited), (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited), (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (unaudited) and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited). The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 34 Table of contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on May 5, 2026. IQVIA HOLDINGS INC. /s/ Michael J. Fedock Michael J. Fedock Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and as Principal Financial Officer) 35 