=== IQV_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected, estimated or projected or as otherwise suggested by the forward-looking statements that we make for a number of reasons. Given these uncertainties, users of the information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including investors and prospective investors, are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in the factors affecting such forward-looking information . GENERAL When we use the terms IQVIA, the Company, we, us or our in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean IQVIA Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, unless we state or the context implies otherwise. 3 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes market data and forecasts with respect to the healthcare industry. In some cases, we rely on and refer to market data and certain industry forecasts that were obtained from third party surveys, market research, consultant surveys, publicly available information and industry publications and surveys that we believe to be reliable. However, we have not independently verified data from industry analyses and cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. We believe that data regarding the industry, market size and market position and market share within such industry provide general guidance but are inherently imprecise. Other industry and market data included in this annual report are from IQVIA analyses and have been identified accordingly, including, for example, IQVIA Market Prognosis, which is a subscription-based service that provides five-year pharmaceutical market forecasts at the national, regional and global levels. We are a leading global information provider for the healthcare industry and we maintain databases, produce market analyses and deliver information to clients in the ordinary course of our business. Our information is widely referenced in the industry and used by governments, payers, academia, the life sciences industry, the financial community and others. Most of this information is available on a subscription basis. Other reports and information are available publicly through our IQVIA Institute for Human Data Science (the IQVIA Institute ). All such information is based upon our own market research, internal databases and published reports and has not been verified by any independent sources. Our estimates and assumptions involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates and assumptions. TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS All trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics and logos of IQVIA contained herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of IQVIA Holdings Inc. or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in the United States and/or other countries. All other party trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics and logos contained herein are the property of their respective owners. The use or display of other parties trademarks, trade names, product names, graphics or logos is not intended to imply, and should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of IQVIA Inc. or its subsidiaries by such other party. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this annual report are listed without the , (sm) and (TM) symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 4 PART I Item 1. Business Our Company IQVIA is a leading global provider of clinical research services, commercial insights and healthcare intelligence to the life sciences and healthcare industries. IQVIA s portfolio of solutions are powered by IQVIA Connected Intelligence to deliver actionable insights and services built on high-quality health data, Healthcare-grade AI , advanced analytics, the latest technologies and extensive domain expertise. We are committed to using artificial intelligence ("AI") responsibly, with AI-powered capabilities built on best-in-class approaches to privacy, regulatory compliance and patient safety, and delivering AI to the high standards of trust, scalability and precision demanded by the industry. With approximately 93,000 employees in over 100 countries, including experts in healthcare, life sciences, data science, technology and operational excellence, we are dedicated to accelerating the development and commercialization of innovative medical treatments to help improve patient outcomes and population health worldwide. We are a global leader in protecting individual patient privacy. We use a wide variety of privacy-enhancing technologies and safeguards to protect individual privacy while generating and analyzing information on a scale that helps healthcare stakeholders identify disease patterns and correlate with the precise treatment path and therapy needed for better outcomes. Our insights and execution capabilities help biotech, medical device and pharmaceutical companies, medical researchers, government agencies, payers and other healthcare stakeholders tap into a deeper understanding of diseases, human behaviors and scientific advances, in an effort to advance their path toward cures. We have one of the largest and most comprehensive collections of healthcare information in the world spanning sales, prescription, promotional and social media data, as well as medical claims, electronic medical records, and genomics data, including more than 1.2 billion comprehensive, longitudinal, unique non-identified patient records. Our scaled and growing information set contains approximately 68 petabytes of unique proprietary data sourced from approximately 150,000 data suppliers and covering over one million data feeds globally. Based on this data, we deliver information and insights on approximately 90% of the world s pharmaceuticals, as measured by 2024 sales. We standardize, curate, structure and integrate this information by applying our sophisticated analytics and leveraging our global technology infrastructure. Longitudinal analysis across disparate datasets is enabled via internally developed fully compliant tokenization engines. This helps our clients run their organizations more efficiently and make better decisions to improve their clinical, commercial and financial performance. We have developed a comprehensive portfolio of intelligent, actionable information offerings over a period of many years through innovation, expertise and hard work that differentiates our capabilities to support customers throughout the world. We combine our proprietary information assets with advanced analytics, transformative technology and domain expertise to develop clinical and commercial capabilities that enable us to grow our relationships with healthcare stakeholders throughout the life science s value chain. This set of capabilities includes: A leading healthcare-specific global IT infrastructure, representing what we believe is one of the largest and most sophisticated information technology ( IT ) infrastructures in healthcare. We receive approximately 120 billion healthcare records annually, and our infrastructure then connects complex healthcare data while applying a wide range of privacy, security, operational, legal and contractual protections for data in response to local law, supplier requirements and industry leading practices; Analytics-driven clinical development, which improves clinical trial design, site identification and patient recruitment by empowering therapeutic, scientific, and domain experts with expansive levels of information, including product level tracking in 97 markets, and information about treatments and outcomes on more than 1.2 billion unique non-identified patient records globally; Robust real world solutions ecosystem, with sophisticated retrospective database analytics, prospective real world data collection technology platforms and scientific expertise, which enables us to address critical healthcare issues of cost, value and patient outcomes; 5 A growing set of proprietary clinical and commercial applications, which helps our clients increase their clinical operations performance, supports their regulatory and compliance needs and orchestrates their sales operations, sales management, multi-channel marketing and performance management; Integration of information, analytics, technology, and domain expertise through IQVIA Connected Intelligence , which enables us to provide our clients with more effective options to address their needs from research and development through commercialization as well as truly innovative breakthroughs such as decentralized trials and global real-world evidence networks; and A staff of approximately 93,000 employees across the globe , including over 31,000 Technology Analytics Solutions employees, approximately 51,000 Research Development Solutions employees and approximately 7,000 Contract Sales Medical Solutions employees. Our Market Opportunity We compete in a market of approximately $335 billion consisting of outsourced research and development, real-world evidence and connected health and technology enabled clinical and commercial operations markets for life sciences companies and the broader healthcare industry. The following sets forth our estimates for the size of our principal markets: Outsourced research and development: Biopharmaceutical spending on drug development totaled approximately $199 billion in 2025. Of that amount, we estimate that our addressable opportunity (clinical development spending excluding preclinical spending) was approximately $159 billion. The portion of this addressable opportunity that was outsourced in 2025, based on our estimates, was approximately $75 billion. Real-World Evidence and connected health: Total addressable market of approximately $90 billion in 2025 that consists of tightly coupled life sciences and healthcare markets. First, the life sciences market for Real-World Evidence of approximately $35 billion includes post-launch evidence generation, market access, and medical affairs. Second, the addressable opportunity for connected healthcare is approximately $55 billion, and includes areas such as revenue cycle management, payer provider analytics and clinical decision support services. Technology enabled commercial operations: Total addressable market of approximately $84 billion in 2025 that includes information, data warehousing, IT outsourcing, software applications and other services in the broader market for IT services. This addressable opportunity also includes commercial services such as recruiting, training, deploying and managing global sales forces, channel management, patient engagement services, market access consulting, brand communication, advisory services, and health information analytics and technology consulting. In deriving estimates of the size of the various markets described above, we review third-party sources, which include estimates and forecasts of spending in various segments, in combination with internal IQVIA research and analysis informed by our experience serving these segments, as well as projected growth rates for each of these segments. See Industry and Market Data above. We believe there are six key trends affecting our end markets that will create increasing demand for research and development services, technology analytics solutions and contract sales and medical solutions: Growth and innovation in the life sciences industry. The life sciences industry is a large and critical part of the global healthcare system and, according to the latest information available from the IQVIA Market Prognosis service, is estimated to have generated approximately $1.94 trillion in revenues in 2025. According to the IQVIA Institute, it is estimated that spending on pharmaceuticals in emerging markets will expand at a 5% to 8% compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) through 2030. The growth of emerging markets demonstrates their strategic importance to global life sciences organizations along with the emergence of local and regional companies with similar operational and informational needs. We expect all of these organizations to apply a high degree of sophistication to their commercial operations in these countries, especially as some begin to emerge as sources of original innovative products. For global companies, this requires highly localized knowledge and information assets, the development of market access strategies and performance benchmarking. In addition, local players are learning that they need to compete on the basis of improved information and analytics. 6 Growth in Research and Development. Spending trends in research and development are impacted as a result of several factors, including major biopharmaceutical companies efforts to replenish revenues lost from the so-called patent cliff, increased access to capital by the small and midcap biotechnology industry, and recent increases in pharmaceutical approvals by regulatory authorities. The IQVIA Institute also estimates that approximately 375 new molecular entities ( NMEs ) are expected to be approved between 2026 and 2030, or 75 per year compared to 68 per year on average during the past decade. We believe that further research and development spending, combined with the continued need for cost efficiency across the healthcare landscape, will continue to create opportunities for biopharmaceutical services companies, particularly those with a global reach and broad service offerings, to help biopharmaceutical companies with their pre- and post-launch solutions development and commercialization needs. The impact of recent legislative changes on product launch and industry innovation continues to be evaluated. IQVIA is involved with many stakeholders throughout the industry as we help navigate changes over the coming decade. Increased Complexity in Research and Development. Biopharmaceutical companies face environments in which it has become increasingly difficult to operate. Improved standards of care in many therapeutic areas and the emergence of new types of therapies, such as biologics, genetically targeted therapies, gene and stem cell therapies, and other treatment modalities have led to more complex development and regulatory pathways. We believe that our global clinical development capabilities, including our expertise in biomarkers and genomics and our global laboratory network, position us well to help biopharmaceutical companies manage the complexities inherent in an environment where this type of expertise is important. For example, IQVIA Connected Intelligence helps us validate protocols to ensure studies in new disease areas have greater accuracy and also enables us, through innovations such as predictive analytics, to find patients who may not have been diagnosed. Regulators require clinical trials to involve local populations as part of the process for approving new pharmaceutical products, especially in certain Asian and emerging markets. Understanding the epidemiological and physiological differences in different ethnic populations and being able to conduct clinical trials locally in certain geographies will be important to pharmaceutical product growth strategies, both for multinational and local/regional biopharmaceutical companies. We believe that our global clinical development capabilities and unmatched presence in Asia and other emerging markets make us a strong partner for biopharmaceutical companies managing the complexities of international drug development. Financial pressures driving the need for increased efficiency. Despite expected accelerating growth in the global life sciences market, we believe our clients will face increased operating margin pressure due to their changing product mix, pricing and reimbursement challenges, and rising costs of compliance. Product portfolios for life sciences companies have shifted toward specialty products with lower peak market sales potential than traditional primary care medicines. We believe that the need for biopharmaceutical companies to maximize productivity and lower costs across their processes from research and development through commercial operations will cause them to look to partners as they enter into outsourcing arrangements to improve efficiency. Further, our clients are looking for new ways to simplify processes and drive operational efficiencies by using automation, consolidating vendors and adopting new technology options such as hosted and cloud-based applications. This provides opportunities for technology services vendors to capture and consolidate the internal spending of life sciences companies by providing lower-cost and variable-cost options that lower clients research and development, selling, marketing and administrative costs. Evolving need to integrate and structure expanding sources of data. Over the past decade, many health systems around the world have focused on digitizing medical records. While such records theoretically enhance access to data, relevant information is often unintegrated, unstructured, siloed in disparate software systems, or entered inconsistently. In addition, new sources of data from the internet, such as social media and information on limited patient pools, and information resulting from enhanced diagnostic technologies are creating new sources of healthcare data. In order to derive valuable insights from existing and expanding sources of information, clients need access to statistically significant data sets organized into databases that can be queried and analyzed. For example, real-world evidence studies demonstrate practical and clinical effectiveness, which can require the aggregation and integration of large clinical data sets across multiple care settings, types of therapies and patient cohorts. Longitudinal studies require analysis of non-identified patient diagnoses, treatments, procedures and laboratory test results to identify types of patients that will likely best respond to particular therapies. Finally, manufacturers also can require the ability to analyze social media activity to identify unmet patient needs and support for new orphan drugs. This information is highly relevant to all healthcare stakeholders and we believe the opportunity to more broadly apply healthcare data can only be realized through structuring, organizing and integrating new and existing forms of data in conjunction with sophisticated analytics. 7 Need for demonstrated value in healthcare. Participants in the healthcare industry are focused on improving quality and reducing costs, both of which require assessment of quality and value of therapies and providers. As a result, physicians no longer make prescribing decisions in isolation, but rather in the context of guidance and rules from payers, integrated delivery networks and governments. We believe life sciences companies are working to bring alignment across constituents on the value of their treatments in order to successfully develop and commercialize new therapies and improve lives of patients. There is increasing pressure on life sciences companies to support and justify the value of their therapies. Many new drugs that are being approved are more expensive than existing therapies and will likely receive heightened scrutiny by regulators and payers to determine whether the existing treatment options would be sufficient. Additionally, many new specialty drugs are molecular-based therapies and require a more detailed understanding of clinical factors and influencers that demonstrate therapeutic value. As a result, leading life sciences companies are utilizing more sophisticated outcome research and data analytics services. We believe we are well positioned to take advantage of these global trends in healthcare. Beyond our proprietary information assets, we have developed key capabilities to assess opportunities to develop and commercialize therapies, support and defend the value of medicines and help our clients operate more efficiently through the application of our clinical, scientific and operational knowledge as well as our insight-driven decision-making and cost-efficient technology solutions. Our Growth Strategy We believe we are well positioned for continued growth across the markets we serve. Our strategy for achieving growth includes: Continue to innovate through our IQVIA Connected Intelligence by leveraging our information, advanced analytics, transformative technology and significant domain expertise. As a leader in the development and commercialization of new pharmaceutical therapies, we can empower our therapeutic, scientific and domain experts with expansive levels of information including product level tracking in 97 markets and information about treatments and outcomes on more than 1.2 billion unique non-identified patient records. By connecting this intelligence, we have the ability to optimize the clinical trial process and enable our clients to reduce costs and get their products to market more quickly through more informed site selection, faster patient recruitment practices and decentralized trials. We transform Real World Evidence by linking prospective and retrospective approaches and introduce innovation such as secondary control arms, which can eliminate the need for a placebo group. We bring best in class Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") platforms, purpose built for life sciences, to our clients to help them run their clinical and commercial operations more efficiently. Build upon our extensive client relationships and leverage our global presence . We have a diversified base of over 10,000 clients in over 100 countries and have expanded our client value proposition to address a broader market for research and development and commercial operations which we estimate to be approximately $335 billion in 2025. Through the combined offerings of research and development and commercial services we built a platform that allows us to be a more complete partner to our clients. Expand the penetration of our offerings to the broader healthcare marketplace. We believe that substantial opportunities exist to use our existing technology and domain expertise to serve additional healthcare stakeholders (payers, providers, healthcare professionals, governments, non-governmental organizations) to quantify and optimize cost of care delivery; provide registry technology to professional association and patient communities and support healthcare providers with system implementation and platform migration. Expand portfolio through strategic acquisitions. We have and expect to continue to acquire assets and businesses that strengthen our value proposition to clients. We have developed an internal capability to source, evaluate and integrate acquisitions that have created value for stockholders. As the global healthcare landscape evolves, we expect that there will be a growing number of acquisition opportunities across the life sciences, payer and provider sectors. We expect to continue to invest in or explore opportunities for strategic acquisitions to grow our platform and enhance our ability to provide more services to our clients. Our Offerings We offer hundreds of distinct services, applications, technology platforms and solutions to help our clients make critical decisions and perform better. We have three reportable segments: Technology Analytics Solutions, Research Development Solutions and Contract Sales Medical Solutions. Their offerings complement each other and can provide enhanced value to our clients when delivered together, with each driving demand for the other. 8 Our Technology Analytics Solutions offerings include: Technology platforms . We provide an extensive range of cloud-based applications and associated implementation services. SaaS solutions that support a wide range of commercial and clinical processes, including customer relationship management ( CRM ), performance management, real-world evidence generation, compliance and safety reporting, incentive compensation, territory alignment, roster management, call planning, multi-channel marketing, and master data management. These solutions are used by healthcare companies to manage, optimize and execute their clinical and commercial strategies in an orchestrated manner while addressing their regulatory obligations. Using proprietary algorithms, we combine our country-level data, healthcare expertise and therapeutic knowledge in over 100 countries to create our Global Market Insight family of offerings such as MIDAS, Analytics Link and Disease Insights, which provides a leading source of insight into international market dynamics and are used by most large pharmaceutical companies. Real World Solutions. We enable life sciences and provider customers to generate and disseminate evidence in a cost-efficient manner which informs health care decision making and ultimately improves patients outcomes. Our use of a wide range of privacy and security safeguards protect non-identified patient-level medical claims, prescriptions, electronic medical records, genomics, patient reported outcome and social media data. Our scaled information networks include more than 1.2 billion unique non-identified patient records globally, as well as access to profiles of over 4,600 real world data assets in more than 100 countries uniquely facilitating data discoverability for healthcare research via the IQVIA Health Data Catalog. We technology-enable these data flows by harmonizing them to common data models and loading them onto our proprietary evidence platforms for secure access by our customers. We provide access to deep clinical data in Oncology, Rare Disease, and other specialty areas. Our Natural Language Processing capabilities help us create structured data from unstructured clinical notes and the published literature, and provide accredited independent medical educational content. We help our global customers across payers, providers, governments, and biopharmaceutical companies to answer critical questions about healthcare interventions related to safety, effectiveness, and value. We also bring together stakeholders across healthcare to collaborate in efforts to develop new information sources, more effective reimbursement models, and better patient outcomes. Analytics and consulting services. We provide a broad set of strategic and implementation consulting services, including advanced analytics and commercial processes outsourcing services to help the commercial operations of life sciences companies successfully transform their commercial models, engage more effectively with healthcare stakeholders and reduce their operating costs. We also help our client s research and development function to address strategic challenges in the drug development process. Our global teams leverage local market knowledge, deep scientific and therapeutic area expertise and our global information resources to assist our clients with research and development strategy, portfolio, brand and commercial strategy, as well as pricing and market access and launch excellence. Information offerings . Our national offerings comprise unique services in over 100 countries that provide consistent country level performance metrics related to sales of pharmaceutical products, prescribing trends, medical treatment and promotional activity across multiple channels including retail, hospital and mail order. Our sub-national offerings comprise unique services in over 70 countries that provide a consistent measurement of sales or prescribing activity at the regional, zip code and individual prescriber level (depending on regulation in the relevant country). Our widely used reference database tracks over 22 million healthcare professionals in over 100 countries, providing a comprehensive view of health care practitioners that is critical for the commercial success of our clients marketing and sales initiatives. Our Research Development Solutions offerings include: Project Management and Clinical Monitoring. Drawing upon our years of experience, our site databases, our site relationships and our highly trained staff, our solutions and services enables the efficient conduct and coordination of multi-site clinical trials (Phase I-IV). Our service offerings include protocol design, feasibility and operational planning, site start up, patient recruitment and clinical site monitoring. By infusing technology into field-based monitoring, we are able to reduce data collection steps and time. Clinical Trial Support Services. Each clinical trial requires a number of concurrent services and data streams. We offer a broad range of functional services and consultation to support clinical trials through specialized expertise that help clients efficiently collect, analyze and report the quality data and evidence they need to gain regulatory approval. 9 Laboratory Services. We provide our clients globally scaled end-to-end clinical trial laboratory and research services. Our offerings include the full range of central laboratory, genomic, bioanalytical, ADME, discovery, vaccine and biomarker laboratory services along with sample and consent tracking services. Strategic Planning and Design. By bringing our data science capabilities to our strategic planning and design services, we offer consultation services to improve decisions and performance including portfolio, program and protocol planning and design, biomarker consultation, benefit-risk management, regulatory affairs, biostatistics, modeling and simulation, and personalized medicine. Patient and Site Centric Solutions. A comprehensive suite of technology and site support services which create custom strategies to engage and retain patients. Included is our site management organization Avacare Clinical Research Network, which orchestrates the activities of over 180 investigators and extends solutions to patients across more than 20 therapeutic indications in nearly 50 locations. Additionally, our decentralized approaches and technologies support sites and sponsors through direct-to-patient recruitment, remote nursing, data entry, and study coordinator resources. Our solutions reduce study burden and foster a supportive, patient-centric journey. Our Contract Sales Medical Solutions offerings include: Health Care Provider Engagement Services. We partner with biopharmaceutical companies and other life sciences providers (e.g., medical device companies) to develop and deploy tailored stakeholder engagement solutions, including contract sales and market access professionals, which are focused on product sales and improving brand value at all stages of the product lifecycle from initial market entry to brands nearing patent expiry. Patient Engagement Services. Our nurse-based programs directly engage with patients to help improve their disease and medication understanding through interventional and non-interventional support, while also providing assistance in navigating complex reimbursement coverage issues. Our patient engagement services combine insight from clinical trials and social listening, behavioral design, personal and innovative eHealth multichannel interactions across multiple sites (e.g., the physician s office, hospital, pharmacy, home), that act as an extension of the Health Care Provider prescribed treatment course which can lead to improved adherence and better overall outcomes. Medical Services. We provide a range of medical services and scientific strategy to help biopharmaceutical companies plan and transition from the clinical trial setting to commercialization. Beginning in the clinical trial stage, our services can deploy educators to clinical trial sites to accelerate patient recruitment and improve retention, assist in translation of complex clinical trial data into a compelling scientific platform and publication strategy, and, provide field medical teams to facilitate scientific engagement with key opinion leaders and healthcare decision makers, before and after product approval. Effective January 1, 2026, our reportable segments consist of Commercial Solutions and Research Development Solutions. See Note 20 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Our Clients Sales to companies in life sciences, including pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, device and diagnostic companies, and consumer health companies, account for the majority of our revenues. Nearly all of the top 100 global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, measured by revenues, are clients, and many of these companies subscribe to reports and services in many countries. Other clients include payers, government and regulatory agencies, providers, pharmaceutical distributors, and pharmacies. Our client base is broad in scope and enables us to avoid dependence on any single client. No single client accounted for 10% or more of our total Company revenues in 2025, 2024 or 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2025 the largest client based on its percentage of total Company revenues contributed approximately 5% . 10 Our Competition Our Technology Analytics Solutions business competes with a broad and diverse set of businesses. While we believe no competitor provides the combination of geographical reach and breadth of our services, we generally compete in the countries in which we operate with other information, analytics, technology, services and consulting companies, as well as with the in-house capabilities of our clients. Also, we compete with certain government agencies, private payers and other healthcare stakeholders that provide their data directly to others. In addition to country-by-country competition, we have a number of regional and global competitors in the marketplace as well. Our offerings compete with various firms, including Accenture, Aetion (a Datavant company), Panalgo (a Norstella company), Cognizant Technology Solutions, Deloitte, Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc. (part of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.), Relx, IBM, Infosys, Oracle Health, McKinsey, NielsenIQ, Optum Insight (part of UnitedHealth Group), Parexel International Corporation, Press Ganey, RTI Health Solutions, ICON plc, Definitive Healthcare, Cegedim, Tempus, Merative, CompuGroup Medical, Medidata (Part of Dassault Syst mes), Clarivate, Veeva, and ZS Associates. We also compete with a broad range of new entrants and start-ups that are looking to bring new technologies and business models to healthcare information services and technology services. The markets for Research Development Solutions offerings are highly competitive, and we compete against traditional clinical research organizations ( CROs ), the in-house research and development departments of biopharmaceutical companies, universities, and teaching hospitals. Among the traditional CROs, there are thousands of small, limited-service providers, several medium-sized firms and only a few full-service companies with global capabilities. Some of our larger competitors include ICON plc, Parexel International Corporation, Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc. (part of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.), and Syneos Health, among others. Our Contract Sales Medical Solutions business competes against the in-house sales and marketing departments of biopharmaceutical companies, other contract pharmaceutical sales and service organizations and consulting firms. Contract Sales Medical Solutions primary competitors in the United States are Syneos Health, Amplity Health, Eversana and Inizio. Outside of the United States, Contract Sales Medical Solutions typically competes against single country or more regionally focused service providers, such as Inizio, Syneos Health, EPS Corporation, Uniphar, and CMIC HOLDINGS Co., Ltd. Sustainability We are committed to sustainable practices that further our corporate mission of accelerating innovation for a healthier world. Our sustainable business practices are organized under three pillars People, Public and Planet. For further information on our sustainability program and achievements, see our 2025 Sustainability Report (the "2025 Sustainability Report"), which will be available on our website at https://www.iqvia.com/about-us/sustainability . Information in the 2025 Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To facilitate the disclosure of comparable, consistent, and reliable sustainability information, the 2025 Sustainability Report will be aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") and the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") reporting frameworks by including therein and reporting against their respective reporting standards indexes. Government Regulation Many aspects of our businesses are regulated by federal and state laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, we maintain a robust compliance program aimed at ensuring we operate our business in compliance with all existing legal requirements material to the operation of our businesses. There are, however, occasionally uncertainties involving the application of various legal requirements, the violation of which could result in, among other things, fines or other sanctions. See Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors for additional detail. Good Clinical Practice Good Clinical Practice ( GCP ) regulations and guidelines are the industry standard for the conduct of clinical trials with respect to maintaining the integrity of the data and safety of the research subjects. The United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ), Japan s Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and most other global regulatory authorities expect that study results and data submitted to such authorities be based on clinical trials conducted in accordance with GCP provisions. Records for clinical trials must be maintained for specified periods for inspection by the FDA and other regulators. 11 Regulation of Drugs, Biologics and Medical Devices In the United States, pharmaceutical, biological and medical device products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDC Act), the Public Health Service Act (PHS Act), and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical, biological and medical device products. Failure to comply with applicable United States requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve a pending new drug application (NDA) for a new drug, a biologics license application (BLA) for a new biological product, pre-market approval (PMA) or clearance for a new medical device, warning or untitled letters, clinical holds, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. Regulation of Patient Information Our information management services relate to the processing of information regarding patient diagnosis and treatment of disease and are, therefore, subject to substantial governmental regulation. In addition, the confidentiality of patient-specific information and the circumstances under which such patient-specific records may be released for inclusion in our databases or used in other aspects of our business is heavily regulated. Federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted additional legislation governing the possession, use and dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information and personal financial data, as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. Additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement additional security measures and processes or bring within the legislation or regulation de-identified health or other data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. In particular, personal health information is recognized in many countries or regions such as the United States, the European Union (EU), Latin America, Asia and others, as a special, sensitive category of personal information, subject to additional mandatory protections. Violations of data protection regulations are subject to administrative penalties, civil money penalties and criminal prosecution, including corporate fines and personal liability. Regulation of Promotion, Marketing and Distribution of Pharmaceutical Products and Medical Devices Certain of our services are subject to detailed and comprehensive regulation in each geographic market in which we operate. Such regulation relates, among other things, to the distribution of drug samples, the marketing and promotion of approved products, the qualifications of sales representatives and the use of healthcare professionals in sales functions. In the United States, certain of our services are subject to numerous federal and state laws pertaining to promotional activities involving pharmaceutical products and medical devices. Certain of our services are subject to the FDA s regulations against off-label promotion, which require sales representatives to restrict promotion of the approved product they are detailing to the approved labeling for the product. The Prescription Drug Marketing Act imposes licensing, personnel record keeping, packaging, labeling, product handling and facility storage and security requirements. Other federal and state laws prohibit manufacturers, suppliers and providers from offering, giving or receiving kickbacks or other remuneration in connection with ordering or recommending the purchase or rental of healthcare items and services. The sale or distribution of pharmaceutical products and devices is also governed by the United States Federal Trade Commission Act and state consumer protection laws. We are subject to similar regulations currently in effect in the other countries where we offer Contract Sales Medical Solutions. We are also subject to various laws and regulations that may apply to certain drug and device promotional practices, including, among others, various aspects of Medicare and federal healthcare programs. Violations of these laws and regulations may result in criminal and/or civil penalties, including possibly as an aider and abettor. 12 Regulation of Laboratories Our United States laboratories are subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and local laws relating to hazard communication and employee right-to-know regulations, and the safety and health of laboratory employees. Additionally, our United States laboratories are subject to applicable federal and state laws and regulations and licensing requirements relating to the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous waste, radioactive materials and laboratory specimens, including the regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Department of Transportation, the National Fire Protection Agency and the United States Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ). The use of controlled substances in testing for drugs with a potential for abuse is regulated in the United States by the DEA and by similar regulatory bodies in other parts of the world. Our United States laboratories using controlled substances for testing purposes are licensed by the DEA. The regulations of the United States Department of Transportation, Public Health Service and Postal Service apply to the surface and air transportation of laboratory specimens. Our laboratories also are subject to International Air Transport Association regulations, which govern international shipments of laboratory specimens. Furthermore, when the materials are sent to a foreign country, the transportation of such materials becomes subject to the laws, rules and regulations of such foreign country. Our laboratories outside the United States are subject to applicable national laws governing matters such as licensing, the handling and disposal of medical specimens, genetic material, hazardous waste and radioactive materials, as well as the health and safety of laboratory employees. In addition to its comprehensive regulation of safety in the workplace, the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive requirements relating to workplace safety for healthcare employers whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens such as HIV and the hepatitis B virus. Although we believe that we are currently in compliance in all material respects with such federal, state and local laws, failure to comply with such laws could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and other enforcement actions. Further, laboratories that analyze human blood or other biological samples for the diagnosis and treatment of clinical trial subjects must comply with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments ( CLIA ), as well as requirements established by various states. The failure to meet these requirements may result in civil penalties and suspension or revocation of the CLIA certification. Data Privacy Patient health information is among the most sensitive of personal information, and it is critically important that information about an individual s healthcare is properly protected from inappropriate access, use and disclosure. Real world evidence -- information that allows us to examine actual practices and outcomes -- is essential to increase access to care, improve outcomes, and lower costs. IQVIA uses a wide variety of privacy-enhancing technologies and safeguards to protect individual privacy while generating and analyzing information on a scale that helps healthcare stakeholders identify disease patterns and correlate with the precise treatment path and therapy needed for better outcomes. We employ a wide variety of methods to manage privacy requirements, including: governance, frameworks, models and training to promote good decision making and accountability; a layered approach to privacy and security management to avoid a single point of failure; ongoing evaluation of privacy and security practices to promote continuous improvement; use of technical, administrative, physical and organizational safeguards and controls; collaboration with data suppliers and trusted third parties for our syndicated market research and analytics offerings to remove identifiable information or employ effective encryption or other techniques to render information non-identified before data is delivered to us; and work with leading researchers, policy makers, thought leaders and others in a variety of fields relevant to the application of effective privacy and security practices, including statistical, epidemiological and cryptographic sciences, legal, information security and compliance, and privacy. We are an industry leader in anonymization and privacy-enhancing technologies. Our capabilities allow us to render data to be non-identified while still maintaining data utility, thus protecting privacy while still advancing innovation. Not only do we make use of anonymization techniques with respect to the data we hold, but we also share our expertise in this area with policymakers, regulators and others to help them understand anonymization methodologies and practical considerations to avoid re-identification risk. We operate in more than 100 countries around the world, many of which have data protection and privacy laws and regulations based on similar core principles (e.g., openness, accountability, security safeguards, etc.). We apply those principles globally and augment our practices to address local laws, contractual obligations and other data privacy requirements. 13 Our Global Privacy team, led by our Global Chief Privacy Officer, is comprised of privacy professionals and privacy law experts who drive our strategy and develop and manage our policies and standards. The Global Privacy team provides subject matter expertise related to the proper management of all data types. In addition, our Global Privacy team liaises with our Legal, IT, Information Security and other teams so that privacy requirements are addressed in technology development, contracting, offerings and other business activities. The IQVIA Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") is our foundational privacy policy. It explains how, when applicable, we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information, including that of our personnel, consumers, healthcare professionals, patients, medical research subjects, clinical investigators, customers, suppliers, vendors, business partners and investors. You can find the Privacy Policy on our website at https://www.iqvia.com/about-us/privacy/privacy-policy . Information in the Privacy Policy is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Intellectual Property In addition to our proprietary data sets described above, we develop and use a number of proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property in the conduct of our business. We rely upon a combination of legal, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect our proprietary and confidential information and trade secrets, and patent, copyright and trademark laws to protect other intellectual property rights. We consider our trademark and related names, marks and logos to be of material importance to our business, and we have registered or applied for registration for certain of these trademarks, including IQVIA, in the United States and other jurisdictions and aggressively seek to protect them. Trademarks and service marks generally may be renewed indefinitely so long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained, and so long as they have not been found to have become generic. The technology and other intellectual property rights owned and licensed by us are of importance to our business, although our management believes that our business, as a whole, is not dependent upon any one intellectual property or group of such properties. Artificial Intelligence Artificial Intelligence ("AI") presents opportunities for smarter healthcare. It can enable the industry to better understand patient needs, identify new approaches to treatment, and scale and democratize access to medicine. IQVIA has a rich history of developing Healthcare-grade AI . We have steadily expanded our capabilities over the years in connection with machine learning, natural language processing and generative and agentic AI as technology evolves. For example, AI can be used to generate new insights and recommendations, helping to increase clinical trials efficiency at all stages from trial design to data submission. We use AI to deliver tangible customer benefits and patient impact, while focusing on ethical application, responsible use and compliance with emerging regulation. The expanded use of AI in the life sciences industry is generating clear benefits, but also concerns about data security, privacy and trust. IQVIA is committed to implementing technology in a way that addresses these concerns. Our new Center for Defensible Data and AI and our AI Governance Council support employee compliance with our guiding principles of Defensible AI, Trustworthy AI, and Responsible and Ethical AI. This helps us to maintain high standards across the business, and supports our compliance with existing laws (e.g., clinical, employment, intellectual property, consumer protection, competition) and emerging AI regulation such as the European Union s Artificial Intelligence Act (the "EU AI Act") and the Colorado AI Act. Given the sensitive and complex nature of health-related information, developing and implementing AI for healthcare requires additional safeguards to address information governance requirements, including privacy and security, and clinical regulatory requirements, including good clinical practice, pharmacovigilance and the integrity and reliability of systems. IQVIA Healthcare-grade AI supports our AI-powered offerings, engineered to meet the level of precision, speed, and trust needed by the industry. It combines IQVIA's expertise across life sciences, data science, information management, and technology with AI models trained on our extensive, high quality, and diverse health data. Our ability to connect these powerful capabilities enables us to responsibly advance AI in healthcare and accelerate the delivery of solutions to improve patients lives. IQVIA employs a wide variety of policies, procedures, guidelines, training, communications, tools and other resources to support the responsible use of AI technologies and comply with legislation such as the EU AI Act, including: For higher risk AI activities, we have established procedures and methodologies to evaluate or test input, AI models, output and other aspects of AI use for error, bias, hallucinations and results that are not otherwise fit for the intended purpose. 14 For lower risk activities, a variety of policies, standard operating procedures, guidance and training support our employees in the use of AI models for example, the use of AI tools to improve employee communications, and to help our employees determine whether we have the necessary rights to use any non-IQVIA content with AI tools. We have established private instances of certain public large language models. This ensures proprietary IQVIA content is not used to train public models and that the output and AI models derived from the use of proprietary content remains subject to IQVIA requirements and guidelines. Robust AI policies and practices must be built on a solid foundation of good information governance policies and practices relating to data privacy, information security, intellectual property management, contract compliance, vendor management and related domains. IQVIA has extensive policies and practices addressing these topics, and substantial resources and experience in each of these domains. Good AI policies and practices also depend upon strong supporting policies, practices and experience relating to the design, development, testing, implementation, management and support of technology. IQVIA has extensive policies and practices addressing these topics, and substantial resources and experience relating to the responsible use of technology. IQVIA employs an information security framework based on National Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST"), Health Information Trust Alliance ("HITRUST") and other common standards to define the minimum level of security controls and safeguards for each type of content (see Item 1C Cybersecurity in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Human Capital Overview. Our approximately 93,000 employees drive our vision to power smarter healthcare for everyone, everywhere. They are comprised of specialists across multiple disciplines, including medical and life sciences, engineering, technology, data science and more. Investments in our people are aimed at attracting, developing, and retaining a talented workforce. These efforts not only engage our people but also result in strong productivity and superior outcomes for our clients. We unite our global workforce through our Employee Value Proposition (EVP), which consists of four values that make up our identity passion, collaboration, innovation, and growth. The nature of our business attracts IQVIANs who thrive by innovating and growing together while they do meaningful work that helps people lead healthier lives. We offer curated upskilling pathways and project opportunities across our businesses, empowering employees to build the skills for tomorrow while following their passions. We encourage IQVIANs to pursue multiple careers here, including unconventional career paths that bring new ways of thinking. This commitment fosters their professional development and, in a competitive industry, contributes to our favorable attrition. Board Oversight of Human Capital Management. Our Board of Directors (our "Board") receives periodic updates on key human capital metrics, including recruitment and attrition rates, talent development data, and statistics related to our overall workforce. Our Board also devotes significant time to leadership development and succession planning at the executive level and provides guidance on important decisions in each of these areas. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Board has primary responsibility for succession planning for the chief executive officer and oversight of succession planning for senior leadership. Human Capital Management Strategy. Our employees are essential to our continued success and are a core element of our long-term strategy, especially as demand for critical skills continues to grow. Senior management is responsible for ensuring that our initiatives, policies, and processes reflect and reinforce our desired corporate culture, which we believe supports the development of the people and skills we will need tomorrow. Our human capital management strategy is built on three fundamental focus areas: Recruitment . We consider a range of qualified candidates for all positions. We hire qualified individuals with a variety of backgrounds and experiences from both within and outside the organization for positions at all levels. Development Progression. We are committed to having a broad pipeline of talent moving through our organization and providing opportunities for all employees to develop within their current role as well as towards their next role. We do this by promoting our One IQVIA, Multiple Careers approach, which helps employees build their skills using our curated learning content and uses technology to match employees to open roles and projects. 15 Retention. We develop a working environment where employees feel engaged and supported, wanting to stay and grow with us. Our retention efforts focus on areas that are important to our employees, including career, health and well-being, community, and financial rewards. Employee Engagement. Listening and responding to our employees across the world enables us to continually strengthen our culture. We heard from 74,000 employees on average across our two surveys in 2025, equivalent to an average 84% response rate and maintained employee engagement across the organization. 91% of employees who responded feel they are acquiring the knowledge and skills necessary to be effective in their roles, 8 points above the Fortune 500 Benchmark. 85% of employees who responded see a clear link between their work and IQVIA s vision, 6 points above the Fortune 500 Benchmark. Employee Health Well-being. Our vision for a healthier world begins with our employees. Healthy You is our global program focusing on building a healthy work environment where employees thrive and can maximize their potential, improving health outcomes for all. The program focuses on five pillars: work, finances, connections, minds and bodies. Healthy You comes to life through global initiatives and local champions who promote well-being year-round, offering activities from health and financial education sessions to social events and blood donation drives. In 2025, we strengthened this commitment by introducing programs that support employees at every stage of life, including resources for those managing chronic illness or cancer, and by expanding Hinge Health, our U.S. digital physical therapy program, with specialized guidance for women s health. Complementing these initiatives is a comprehensive portfolio of benefits for employees and their families, tailored to location and country regulations, which may include medical, dental, and vision coverage; telemedicine; critical illness coverage; disability, accidental death and dismemberment, pet and life insurance; identity theft protection; commuter benefits; and locally relevant savings and retirement plans such as pensions. In addition, we provide parental leave for all full-time employees for the birth or adoption of a child, with leave duration varying by location, as well as paid time off for other life matters, including sick time, bereavement, jury duty, military service, and voting, subject to country-specific policies. Our local Employee Assistance Programs ("EAPs") are available to our workforce worldwide. EAPs offer counseling services, alongside accessible training and webinars focused on a variety of everyday topics including financial planning, nutrition, social connections, stress management, time management and work-life balance. While benefits vary depending on location and local regulations, in all cases we aim to support the physical, mental, social, and financial well-being of employees and their families. Financial Rewards. IQVIA compensation programs support our overall strategy by linking employee compensation with both business and personal performance. This approach to compensation demonstrates our pay for performance philosophy, as well as our focus on providing compensation programs that attract, retain, motivate and reward employees. In addition to the benefits described above, our compensation programs include base salaries, annual bonuses, and long-term incentive awards. Talent Learning. At IQVIA, our people represent some of the smartest minds working at the intersection of healthcare, technology, and data science complex domains that are constantly evolving. Our work demands continuous learning, and our people show a high level of commitment to upskilling. In fact, in 2025, they visited the IQVIA Talent and Learning Hub 867,000 times and completed 2.2 million e-learning programs. Taken as a whole, these efforts reflect a workforce evolving to meet the next era of work, where 91% of our employees agree that they are acquiring the knowledge and skills to be effective in their job. Our One IQVIA, Multiple Careers approach provides an overarching framework to help employees direct their learning toward practical outcomes, supporting skill development in the context of career mobility and organizational agility. Whether employees are exploring new paths, building new skills, applying those skills in real-world projects, or moving into a new role at IQVIA when they re ready to take the next step, we are empowering them to build skills for the future while pursuing their passions. As demand for AI capabilities in healthcare evolves, building AI literacy has become essential for everyone at IQVIA. We are committed to providing employees with the resources needed to develop their careers and leverage the AI applications we are deploying across our business. These AI tools are intended not only to improve efficiency, but to elevate how we work, learn, and connect. By integrating these capabilities, we are building an AI-augmented workplace that empowers employees and accelerates progress. 16 To prepare employees for the skills of tomorrow, we launched the AI and Data Analytics Skills training series in 2025, available to all employees. The series offers differentiated learning tracks: one for those eager to build a foundational understanding of AI and technology, and another for employees ready to deepen their expertise in advanced concepts. Participants have access to virtual instructor-led courses, curated e-learning paths, and short videos, giving employees hands-on experience with real-world tools. Since launch, the generative AI learning resources have received over 230,000 views. Alongside these opportunities to build excellence in technology, we also maintain a strong emphasis on leadership and interpersonal skills through multiple learning pillars in the IQVIA Learning Academy, helping employees strengthen the human skills that drive impact. We maintain a focus on building the strong leadership pipeline we need to ensure our long-term success, offering differentiated programs tailored to different levels and goals. In 2025, over 2,000 employees from 71 countries participated in our enterprise leadership programs. Several examples include: Emerging Leader and Future Programs: Designed for early and middle stages of growth, these programs strengthen leadership capability through immersive experiences that broaden perspective, build strategic insight, and expand networks, preparing participants to lead effectively at different levels in different parts of the company. General Management Acceleration Program: A year-long program designed for Research Development Solutions (R DS) employees interested in leading scientific organizations. Participants build leadership skills through a combination of advanced training and project work across R DS operations, preparing them to tackle complex, high-impact challenges across the business. Health and Safety. We are committed to maintaining a workplace that supports and promotes our employees health. We adopt a safety-first mindset and continually look for ways to strengthen our procedures and practices, striving for excellence in safety and service delivery. Our Code of Conduct outlines the procedures employees must follow to protect their own safety and that of their colleagues. Employees must complete mandatory health and safety training covering key risks and practical workplace safety guidance. Our health and safety programs are most relevant and tailored to our laboratories business due to the nature of activities and associated risks at these locations. IQVIA operates laboratories in the Americas, Asia, Europe, South Africa, and the United Kingdom. Certain IQVIA laboratories are certified to ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018. Depending on the location and services provided, accreditation also will include ANVISA, CAP ISO 15189, CDC Lipids, CLIA, ISO 9001, MOH Certified Laboratory, and NSGP Level 1. Available Information Our website address is www.iqvia.com , and our investor relations website is located at http://ir.iqvia.com . Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herein. Copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and our proxy statements for our annual meetings of stockholders, and any amendments to those reports, as well as Section 16 reports filed by our insiders, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file the reports with, or furnish the reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site ( http://www.sec.gov ) containing reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Information on the SEC's website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Also posted on our website are our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, the charters for our Audit Committee, Leadership Development and Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and our Code of Conduct governing our directors, officers and employees. Copies of our SEC reports and corporate governance information are available in print upon the request of any stockholder to our Investor Relations Department at IQVIA Holdings Inc., 2400 Ellis Road, Durham, North Carolina 27703. Within the time period required by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Conduct or any waiver of such policy applicable to any of our senior financial officers, executive officers or directors. 17 Item 1A. Risk Factors RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in evaluating our Company. The occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Summary of Risk Factors Below is a summary of some of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results: Risks Relating to Our Business The potential loss or delay of contracts could adversely affect our results. Our financial results may be adversely affected if we underprice our contracts, overrun our cost estimates or fail to receive approval for or experience delays in documenting change orders. Failure to meet productivity objectives under our internal business transformation initiatives could adversely impact our competitiveness and harm our operating results. If we are unsuccessful at investing in growth opportunities and are unable to develop and market new services or enter new markets, our growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate existing businesses, services and technologies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. If we are unable to attract suitable investigators and patients for our clinical trials, our clinical development business might suffer. If we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit additional qualified personnel, our business could be adversely affected. Intellectual Property We depend on third parties for data and support services. Our suppliers or providers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data or provide services, which could lead to our inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. We may be subject to claims by others that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. We rely on licenses from third parties to certain technology and intellectual property rights for some of our services and the licenses we currently have could terminate or expire. IT systems and Information Security breaches and unauthorized use of our IT systems and information could expose us, our clients, our data suppliers or others to risk of loss. We may experience challenges with the acquisition, development, enhancement or deployment of technology necessary for our business. Data protection, privacy and similar laws restrict access, use and disclosure of personal information, and failure to comply with these laws could materially harm our business. Client Risks Consolidation in the industries in which our clients operate may reduce the volume of services purchased by consolidated clients following an acquisition or merger. We may be adversely affected by client or therapeutic concentration. Our relationships with existing or potential clients who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other clients or potential clients use our services. There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a client, and then the client becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial, and we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense. 18 Market Forces Disruptions in the credit and capital markets and unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our effective income tax rate may fluctuate for a variety of reasons. Due to the global nature of our business we are subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. Climate change may have an impact on our business. Liability Exposure Our Research Development Solutions business could subject us to potential liability. Our Contract Sales Medical Solutions business could result in liability to us if a drug causes harm to a patient. Our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations. We may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact the usefulness of the clinical trial which could subject us to significant costs or liability. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability. Risks Relating to Our Industry The biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive and our business could be materially impacted if we do not compete effectively or rapidly adapt to technological change. Outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate spending and research and development budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate. We may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional reforms. Actions by government regulators or clients to limit a prescription s scope or withdraw an approved drug from the market could affect our business and result in a loss of revenues. Laws restricting biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices may adversely impact demand for our services. Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness Restrictions imposed in the Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined below) and other outstanding indebtedness, including the indentures governing outstanding notes issued by our wholly owned subsidiary IQVIA Inc., may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance our future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. Interest rate fluctuations and our ability to deduct interest expense may affect our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Provisions of the corporate governance documents of IQVIA could make an acquisition of IQVIA difficult and may prevent attempts by its stockholders to replace or remove its management, even if beneficial to its stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing any interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by certain parties. For a more complete discussion of the material risk facing our business, see below. 19 Risks Relating to Our Business The potential loss or delay of our large contracts or of multiple contracts could adversely affect our results. Most of our Research Development Solutions clients can terminate our contracts upon 30 to 90 days' notice. Our clients may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to: decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial; lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities; actions by regulatory authorities; production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested; failure of products being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria; unexpected or undesired clinical results for products; insufficient patient enrollment in a clinical trial; insufficient investigator recruitment; shift of business to a competitor or internal resources; product withdrawal following market launch; or shut down of manufacturing facilities. As a result, contract terminations, delays and alterations are a regular part of our Research Development Solutions business. In the event of termination, our contracts often provide for fees for winding down the project, but these fees may not be sufficient for us to realize the full amount of revenues or profits anticipated under the related services contracts, and termination may result in lower resource utilization rates. In addition, we will not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our clients cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them, which may occur if, among other things, a client decides to shift its business to a competitor or revoke our status as a preferred provider. Thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We believe the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts potentially has greater effect where we are party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies. We depend on third parties for data and support services. Our suppliers or providers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data or provide services, which could lead to our inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our Commercial Solutions information services are derived from data we collect from third parties. These data suppliers are numerous and diverse, reflecting the broad scope of information that we collect and use in our business. Although we typically enter into long-term contractual arrangements with many of these suppliers of data, at the time of entry into a new contract or renewal of an existing contract, suppliers may increase restrictions on our use of such data, increase the price they charge us for data or refuse altogether to license the data to us. In addition, during the term of any data supply contract, suppliers may fail to adhere to our data quality control standards or fail to deliver data. Further, although no single individual data supplier is material to our business, if a number of suppliers collectively representing a significant amount of data that we use for one or more of our services were to impose additional contractual restrictions on our use of or access to data, fail to adhere to our quality-control standards, repeatedly fail to deliver data or refuse to provide data, now or in the future, our ability to provide those services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which may harm our operating results and financial condition. 20 Additionally, we depend on third parties for support services to our business. Such support services include, but are not limited to, third- party transportation providers, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials, suppliers of kits for use in our clinical trial laboratories business, suppliers of reagents for use in our testing equipment and providers of maintenance contracts for our equipment. The failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed. We contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. Our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, electronic data capture, patient recruitment and other related services, and we perform these services in a number of ways, including through physical and technology-enabled efforts. Such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations. For example, we must adhere to applicable regulatory requirements such as those required by the FDA, the EMA and the competent authorities of the member states of the EU, and the MHRA in the UK, and Good Laboratory Practice and GCP requirements, which govern, among other things, the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials. Once initiated, clinical trials must be conducted pursuant to and in accordance with the applicable investigational new drug/device application or clinical trial application, the requirements of the relevant institutional review boards or ethics committees, and GCP requirements. For studies involving controlled substances, we are also typically subject to enhanced regulations, such as those required by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) which regulates the distribution, recordkeeping, handling, security, and disposal of controlled substances. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials or sales and marketing practices. Such actions may include sanctions, such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. Clients may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those clinical trials may bring personal injury claims against us for negligence. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. Such consequences could arise if, among other things, the following occur: Improper performance of our services. The performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. For example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact or obviate the usefulness of the clinical trial or cause the results of the clinical trial to be reported improperly. If the clinical trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services. As examples: non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or sales and marketing projects or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities; compromise of data from a particular clinical trial, such as failure to verify that informed consent was obtained from patients, could require us to repeat the clinical trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our client, but at a substantial cost to us; and breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract. Large clinical trials can cost up to hundreds of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected client or other clients. Investigation of clients. From time to time, one or more of our clients are audited or investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. In these situations, we have often provided services to our clients with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being audited or investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. There is a risk that either our clients or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. If our clients or regulatory authorities make such claims against us and prove them, we could be subject to damages, fines or penalties. In addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our clients clinical trials, programs or drugs could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 21 Insufficient client funding to complete a clinical trial. As noted above, clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a client, and then the client becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial. This risk is heightened in a recessionary or weak funding environment for our customers, who may be unable to raise or expend funds necessary to complete a trial. In such a situation, notwithstanding the client s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the clinical trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense. Failure of vendors to perform contractual obligations . In the course of a clinical trial, we regularly contract with third party providers on behalf of our clients to support execution of the trial. If these third parties fail to perform their contractual obligations, we may incur additional costs or responsibilities in order to provide our clients with our contractually obligated deliverables, despite the failure of such third parties. Security breaches and unauthorized use of our IT systems and information, or the IT systems or information in the possession of our vendors, could expose us, our clients, our data suppliers or others to risk of loss. We rely upon the security of our computer and communications systems infrastructure to protect us from cyberattacks and unauthorized access. Cyberattacks can include malware, computer viruses, hacking or other significant disruption of our computer, communications and related systems. Third parties may attempt to improperly persuade customers, suppliers, vendors, partners, employees or others to disclose sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information that can be used to gain unauthorized access to systems or data. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated, including through the use of AI-supported attacks. As cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber threats might defeat the measures that we or our vendors take to anticipate, detect, avoid or mitigate such threats. Certain techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, introduce malicious software, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures since techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Our preventive and remedial actions, including the activities described in Item 1C Cybersecurity in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may not be successful. We have acquired various companies, products, services and technologies over the years. While we make significant efforts to identify and address IT security issues with respect to these acquisitions, we may still inherit security risks associated with these activities. The size and complexity of our IT and information security systems, and those of our vendors (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions including, but not limited to, by our employees, contingent workers, service providers, business partners, customers or malicious attackers. Such attacks, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in our incurring costs related to, for example, rebuilding internal systems, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages or fines, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. Publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with clients and data suppliers and reduce demand for our services. We also store proprietary and sensitive information in connection with our business, which could be compromised by a cyberattack. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, an inappropriate disclosure of proprietary or sensitive information, an inability to access data sources, or an inability to process data or provide our offerings to our clients, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our data suppliers and clients (including loss of suppliers and clients), lead to claims against us and ultimately harm our business. We may be required to incur significant costs to alleviate, remedy or protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. We may also face inquiry or increased scrutiny from government agencies as a result of any such disruption or breach. While we have insurance coverage for certain instances of a cyber security breach, our coverage may not be sufficient if we suffer a significant attack or multiple attacks. Any such breach or disruption could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and our reputation as a service provider. Some of our vendors have significant responsibility for the security of certain of our data centers and computer-based platforms or Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") applications upon which our businesses rely to host or process data or to perform various functions. Also, our data suppliers have responsibility for security of their own computer and communications environments. These third parties face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, which could disrupt their businesses and therefore materially impact ours. Accordingly, we are subject to any flaw in or breaches to their computer and communications systems or those that they operate for us, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results. 22 The risk of cyberattacks has increased in connection with geopolitical events and dynamics. State-sponsored parties or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyberattacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain disruptions, or carry out other geopolitically motivated actions that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may result in data compromise. State-sponsored actors have carried out cyberattacks to accomplish their goals that may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. Failure to meet productivity objectives under our internal business transformation initiatives could adversely impact our competitiveness and harm our operating results. We are pursuing business transformation initiatives to update technology, increase innovation and obtain operating efficiencies, including through the use of AI. As part of these initiatives, which include accelerating site start-up timelines and improving our customer buying experience, we seek to improve our productivity, flexibility, quality, functionality and cost savings by investing in the development and implementation of global platforms and integration of our business processes and functions to achieve economies of scale. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains, or be completed in a timely manner, which may impact our competitiveness and our ability to meet our growth objectives and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. If we are unsuccessful at investing in growth opportunities, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities, including the development and acquisition of new data, technologies and services to meet our clients needs. For example, we are expanding our services and technology offerings, such as the development of a cloud-based platform with a growing number of applications to support commercial and clinical operations for life sciences companies (e.g., multi-channel marketing, marketing campaign management, customer relationship management, incentive compensation management, targeting and segmentation, performance management, site engagement payments, trial master file, risk based monitoring, in-home nursing and other services, clinical trial management and decentralized trials and other applications). We are also investing significantly in our AI strategy by launching AI-enabled solutions across our business units, developing AI agents for internal use and external offerings, and developing relationships with key strategic partners across the health-tech sector to foster collaboration and facilitate interoperability amongst AI-enabled solutions. We also continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities in emerging markets, such as the development, launch and enhancement of services in China, India, Turkey, and other countries. We consider our presence in these markets to be an important component of our growth strategy. There is no assurance that our investment plans or growth strategy will be successful or will produce a sufficient or any return on our investments. Further, if we are unable to develop new technologies and services or keep up with the rapid pace of change in technological development and innovation, clients do not purchase our new technologies and services, our new technologies and services do not work as intended or there are delays in the availability or adoption of our new technologies and services, then we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur slower than anticipated. Additionally, although we expect continued growth in healthcare spending in emerging markets, such spending may occur more slowly or not at all, and we may not benefit from our investments in these markets. We plan to fund growth opportunities with cash from operations or from future financings. There can be no assurance that those sources will be available in 