=== TSLA_2025-09-17.htm.gz ===
tm252289-12_nonfiling - block - 43.6403862s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 TESLA, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Company Highlights TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders, Given your overwhelming support at last year s shareholder meeting, we have now aligned our corporate home with our operational home in the State of Texas. It is clear to us that moving to Texas was the right choice for Tesla and for all of you. Here, we benefit from a corporate governance framework that enables boards to listen to, and act in accordance with, the will of shareholders, keeps them accountable to shareholders, and facilitates the bold decision-making necessary to drive extraordinary innovation. We have a platform for our big ideas and even bigger ambitions to grow and evolve, culminating in a revolutionary vision for humanity s future and Tesla s role in bringing that future to life. In our first year as a Texas corporation, Tesla delivered in a wide range of areas. To name just a few: we delivered our 8 millionth vehicle, deployed more than 37 GWh of energy storage from Q3 2024 through the end of Q2 2025 and launched our new Model Y in four factories across three continents. At the same time, in June of this year, we launched our first Robotaxis in the streets of Austin, Texas, and, in July of this year, signed a landmark deal with Samsung to facilitate future chip production nearby. In addition, the Board has taken meaningful steps toward delivering on our past compensation deal with Elon, which you, our shareholders, have previously and overwhelmingly approved twice, by granting him the 2025 CEO Interim Award. Now, we are laying the foundation for our next decade of growth by rolling out our ambitious vision and securing our leadership to deliver against that vision. Sustainable Abundance: A Singular Vision for Our Collective Future A few days ago, Elon unveiled an inspiring next chapter for Tesla with Master Plan, Part IV, which is focused on creating a Sustainable Abundance for all. While these ambitions are tailored for a new age of transformational real-world technologies powered by AI, the foundational ideals upon which they are built are the same ones that gave rise to the first Master Plan that Elon unveiled almost 20 years ago. We are, and have always been, a company that thinks bolder, acts faster and strives for a better future. Master Plan, Part IV builds on that, by reimagining labor, mobility and energy and bringing AI into the physical world through products and services like FSD, Optimus and Robotaxi. Growth that may seem impossible today can be unlocked with new ideas, better technology and greater innovation. By introducing innovative and affordable technologies at scale, Tesla can help bring about a society that democratizes autonomous goods and services. As a result, Sustainable Abundance represents a long-term vision, putting us at a critical inflection point not just as a company, but as a society. TABLE OF CONTENTS We believe that Elon s singular vision is vital to navigating this critical inflection point. We also recognize the formidable nature of this undertaking and as a result, the importance of having a leader who is not only willing and capable but eager to meet this challenge. Simply put, retaining and incentivizing Elon is fundamental to Tesla achieving these goals and becoming the most valuable company in history. So, the Board appointed us to establish a special committee of the Board, and thereafter we began a rigorous, seven-month process that involved evaluating numerous novel compensation structures designed to align extraordinary long-term shareholder value with incentives that will drive peak performance from our visionary leader. Now, we are building upon the chassis of the wildly successful performance and shareholder value Elon delivered under the innovative 2018 CEO Performance Award program and have customized it for today s Tesla to create a better world for everyone, including you, our shareholders. A Super Ambitious Incentive Package for a Pioneering, Ambitious and Unique CEO Last month, when we delivered the news about the Interim Award, we told you that our work was ongoing. We have since concluded a robust process and are ready to unveil a longer-term CEO compensation strategy. Based on our recommendations as the special committee, the Board, with Elon and Kimbal recusing themselves, have unanimously recommended that you as shareholders: 1. Approve an amendment and restatement of Tesla s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan that would: a. provide a special share pool to empower the Board to fulfill our promises to Elon for what he is still owed under the 2018 CEO Performance Award; and b. replenish the employee incentive pool by 60,000,000 shares, so that Tesla may continue to attract and retain our amazing employees in this unprecedented time of talent competition. 2. Approve a new 2025 CEO Performance Award that uniquely challenges Elon to guide Tesla through a new phase of unprecedented growth by rewarding him only if he delivers (once again) extraordinary financial returns for you, the shareholders, and remains at Tesla in a leadership role for many years to come. The 2025 CEO Performance Award: Learning from Our Past, Building Towards a More Profitable Future for Tesla and a Better Future for Us All Tesla does not currently have a long-term CEO performance award in place to retain and incentivize Elon to focus his energies on Tesla and lead us through this pivotal moment in our history. It s time to change that. TABLE OF CONTENTS We re asking you to approve the 2025 CEO Performance Award. In designing the new performance award, we explored numerous alternatives. Ultimately, the new award aims to build upon the success of the 2018 CEO Performance Award framework, which ensured that Elon was only paid for performance delivered and incentivized to guide Tesla through a period of meteoric growth. The 2025 CEO Performance Award similarly challenges Elon to again meet a series of even more aspirational goals, including operational milestones focused on reaching Adjusted EBITDA targets (thresholds that are up to 28 times higher than the 2018 CEO Performance Award s top Adjusted EBITDA milestone) and rolling out new or expanded product offerings (including 1 million Robotaxis in commercial operation and delivery of 1 million AI Bots), all while growing the company s market capitalization by trillions of dollars. Yes, you read that correctly: in 2018, Elon had to grow Tesla by billions; in 2025, he has to grow Tesla by trillions to be exact, he must create nearly $7.5 trillion in value for shareholders for him to receive the full award. In addition to these unprecedented performance milestones, the 2025 CEO Performance Award also includes innovative structural features, born out of the special committee s considered analysis, and extensive shareholder feedback. These features include supercharged retention (at least seven and a half years and up to 10 years to vest in the full award), structural protections to minimize stock price volatility due to administration of this award and, thereafter, incentives for Elon to participate in the Board s continued development of a framework for long-term CEO succession. If Elon achieves all the performance milestones under this principle-based 2025 CEO Performance Award, his leadership will propel Tesla to become the most valuable company in history. Vote for the Board of Directors Team and Governance Framework Designed for Success and Protective of Shareholder Rights This year has also seen Tesla achieve meaningful corporate governance milestones, including the addition of a new independent director and Audit Committee member, Jack Hartung, whose wealth of complex public company expertise strengthens and complements a Board positioned to handle the challenges facing Tesla. Meanwhile, as we always have, we are listening and responding to our shareholders and this year s proxy includes a host of governance updates, numerous shareholder proposals as well as a management proposal to eliminate supermajority voting requirements. While we believe Elon is the only person capable of leading Tesla at this critical inflection point, changing the world is neither an overnight process nor the work of a single person. So, we also want your help in securing the team and strategy needed to achieve goals that others will perceive as impossible but that we know are possible for Tesla. Accordingly, we have put forward a slate of proposals intended to create the conditions Tesla needs for its next phase of transformative growth, from director reelections to proposals from our shareholders. TABLE OF CONTENTS The directors up for reelection this year include three extremely talented and experienced members of our Board: Ira Ehrenpreis, Joe Gebbia and Kathleen Wilson-Thompson. These extraordinary directors bring a wealth of experience, insights and visions to the team. Ira has tirelessly served as a fortifying leader and mentor, helping steer Tesla through previous phases of exceptional growth and challenge while leading Tesla s implementation of a governance framework designed for success something we know he is best positioned to do in this next phase of growth. Joe is a visionary tech founder himself, leading Airbnb one of the most successful tech companies from startup to public company, making it a household name with worldwide operations. Kathleen has brought her decades of world-class public-company executive experience, including as an HR professional, to the forefront of our most challenging governance matters over the past two years, serving on both this year s special committee and last year s special committee, making her a vital voice as we navigate new challenges and opportunities. This mix of skills is what makes our Board so adept at navigating uncharted territory, and what we believe will be crucial to overcoming these exciting but challenging opportunities. But the real reason Tesla has been so successful is the fact that our best team members are all of you. Tesla has the most engaged shareholders of any public company. We are in Texas because it provides a more predictable corporate governance framework that allows us to hear from you as the people who know Tesla best those who have actual stakes in the future of Tesla. On this basis, our proxy statement contains a number of shareholder proposals. Our Board has included its views, and we look forward to discussing them with you. As the Special Committee of the Board, we appreciate your time and scrutiny and understand that your decisions at this year s meeting are among the most important choices that we have ever asked of you, our shareholders: Will you choose, again, to retain and incentivize Elon to lead Tesla through our next chapter? Will you provide Elon with the right Tesla board members to work alongside him, pursuing the worthy and world-reshaping ambitions of Master Plan, Part IV? Will you support Tesla on a pathway to becoming the most valuable company in history? TABLE OF CONTENTS While these questions are simple, your answers will have a profound impact on the future of Tesla and the world we live in. Thank you for your continued support of Tesla. Very truly yours, Robyn Denholm Kathleen Wilson-Thompson Members of the Special Committee of the Board of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 6, 2025 Dear Tesla Shareholders: Tesla, Inc. (the Company , Tesla , we , us or our ) is pleased to inform you that our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ) will be held on November 6, 2025, at 3:00 p.m. Central Time, both virtually via the Internet at http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TSLA2025 and in person for a limited number of shareholders at Tesla s Gigafactory Texas located at 1 Tesla Road, Austin, Texas 78725, which is our principal executive office. For your convenience, we will also webcast the 2025 Annual Meeting live via the Internet at www.tesla.com/2025shareholdermeeting. The agenda of the 2025 Annual Meeting will be the following items of business, which are more fully described in this proxy statement: November 6, 2025, 3:00 p.m. Central Time Gigafactory Texas 1 Tesla Road Austin, Texas 78725 Virtually: http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ TSLA2025 Agenda Item Tesla Proposals Board Vote Recommendation 1. A Tesla proposal to elect three Class III directors to serve for a term of three years, or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified ( Proposal One ). FOR EACH COMPANY NOMINEE 2. A Tesla proposal for a non-binding advisory vote approving 2024 executive compensation ( Proposal Two ). FOR 3. A Tesla proposal for approval of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan ( Proposal Three ). FOR 4. A Tesla proposal for approval of the 2025 CEO Performance Award ( Proposal Four ). FOR 5. A Tesla proposal for the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Tesla s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025 ( Proposal Five ). FOR 6. A Tesla proposal for adoption of amendments to certificate of formation and bylaws to eliminate applicable supermajority voting requirements ( Proposal Six ). NONE Shareholder Proposals 7. A shareholder proposal regarding Board authorization of an investment in xAI ( Proposal Seven ). NONE 8. A shareholder proposal regarding adopting targets and reporting on metrics to assess the feasibility of integrating sustainability metrics into senior executive compensation plans ( Proposal Eight ). AGAINST 9. A shareholder proposal requesting a child labor audit ( Proposal Nine ). AGAINST TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Item Shareholder Proposals Board Vote Recommendation 10. A shareholder proposal to amend the bylaws to repeal 3% derivative suit ownership threshold ( Proposal Ten ). AGAINST 11. A shareholder proposal to amend Article X of the bylaws ( Proposal Eleven ). AGAINST 12. A shareholder proposal to elect each director annually ( Proposal Twelve ). AGAINST 13. A shareholder proposal regarding proposal that won 54% support at 2024 Tesla annual meeting ( Proposal Thirteen ). AGAINST 14. A shareholder proposal to seek shareholder approval before adopting an amendment to the bylaws pursuant to Section 21.373 of the TBOC ( Proposal Fourteen ). AGAINST All shareholders as of the close of business on September 15, 2025 are cordially invited to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting virtually via the Internet at http://virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ TSLA2025. We will also accommodate a limited number of shareholders in person at Gigafactory Texas. We are providing our proxy materials to our shareholders over the Internet. This reduces our environmental impact and our costs, while ensuring our shareholders have timely access to this important information. Accordingly, shareholders of record at the close of business on September 15, 2025 will receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ) with details on accessing these materials. Beneficial owners of Tesla common stock at the close of business on September 15, 2025 will receive separate notices on behalf of their brokers, banks or other intermediaries through which they hold shares. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read the proxy statement and vote as soon as possible. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled Questions and Answers About the 2025 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters and the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability or the notice you receive from your broker, bank or other intermediary. Thank you for your ongoing support of Tesla. Elon Musk Robyn Denholm TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement for 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Table of Contents 1 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on November 6, 2025 3 Investor Outreach and Engagement 7 Proposal One Tesla Proposal to Elect Three Class III Directors 7 General 7 Nominees for Class III Directors 8 Information Regarding the Board and Director Nominees 19 Proposal Two Tesla Proposal for a Non-Binding Advisory Vote Approving 2024 Executive Compensation 19 Background on Required Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation for Prior Fiscal Year 19 Summary of the 2024 Executive Compensation Program 20 Proposed Resolution 21 Background of Proposals Three and Four and Background and Approval Process of the Special Committee 21 Summary of Proposal Three 22 Summary of Proposal Four 22 Background of the Proposals 23 Overview of the 2012 CEO Performance Award and 2018 CEO Performance Award 26 2024 Ratification and Redomestication 28 Tesla s Current Compensation Conundrum Led the Board to Create the Special Committee 29 Background of the Special Committee 30 The Special Committee Undertakes a Months Long Process to Devise Compensation Arrangement 30 The Special Committee s Negotiations with Mr. Musk 31 The Special Committee Determines It Must Retain and Incentivize Mr. Musk 32 The Special Committee Determines It Must Devise a Path to Keep Tesla s Past Promise to Mr. Musk and Retain and Incentivize Him for the Future 33 The Special Committee Determines That an Interim Award Is Needed to Retain Mr. Musk 34 The Special Committee Determines that Restricted Stock is the Appropriate Vehicle for the 2025 CEO Interim Award 34 Alternatives Considered by the Special Committee 35 Recommendations of the Special Committee 35 Texas Law Considerations 36 Interests of Certain Persons 37 Proposal Three Tesla Proposal for Approval of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 37 Executive Summary 38 Replenishing the General Share Reserve Is Essential for Attracting, Retaining and Motivating Talent at Tesla 39 Creating the Special Share Reserve Will Help Eliminate the Remaining Uncertainty Around the 2018 CEO Performance Award 39 Burn and Dilution 41 Key Governance Features of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 42 Summary of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 50 Reasons for Approval of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 52 Discussion of Alternatives to the Creation of the Special Share Reserve Considered but Rejected by the Special Committee 54 Certain Additional Considerations and Risks Associated with Approval of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 56 Considerations Associated with Not Approving the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan TABLE OF CONTENTS 56 Conclusion 57 Effect of Not Obtaining the Required Vote for Approval 57 Required Vote 58 Proposal Four Tesla Proposal for Approval of the 2025 CEO Performance Award 58 Executive Summary 59 Recommendations of the Special Committee and the Board 60 Summary of the Proposed 2025 CEO Performance Award 65 Key Terms of the Proposed 2025 CEO Performance Award 70 Key Characteristics of the 2012 and 2018 CEO Performance Awards That Influenced the 2025 CEO Performance Award 71 Reasons for Approval of the 2025 CEO Performance Award 74 The Special Committee s Assessment of the 2025 CEO Performance Award Framework 75 Certain Additional Considerations and Risks Associated with Approval of the 2025 CEO Performance Award 80 Considerations Associated with Not Approving the 2025 CEO Performance Award 83 Practical Implications of the 2025 CEO Performance Award 85 Accounting and Tax Considerations 88 Conclusion 88 Effect of Not Obtaining the Required Vote for Approval 88 Required Vote 89 Proposal Five Tesla Proposal for the Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Tesla s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2025 89 General 89 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 89 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 91 Proposal Six Tesla Proposal for Adoption of Amendments to Certificate of Formation and Bylaws to Eliminate Applicable Supermajority Voting Requirements 91 General 91 Summary of the Proposed Amendment 92 Rationale for the Proposal 93 Proposal Seven Shareholder Proposal Regarding Board Authorization of an Investment in xAI 93 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 95 Proposal Eight Shareholder Proposal Regarding Adopting Targets and Reporting on Metrics to Assess the Feasibility of Integrating Sustainability Metrics into Senior Executive Compensation Plans 95 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 96 Opposing Statement of the Board 98 Proposal Nine Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Child Labor Audit 98 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 99 Opposing Statement of the Board 101 Proposal Ten Shareholder Proposal to Amend the Bylaws To Repeal 3% Derivative Suit Ownership Threshold 101 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 102 Opposing Statement of the Board 106 Proposal Eleven Shareholder Proposal to Amend Article X of the Bylaws 106 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 107 Opposing Statement of the Board 110 Proposal Twelve Shareholder Proposal to Elect Each Director Annually 110 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 111 Opposing Statement of the Board TABLE OF CONTENTS 113 Proposal Thirteen Shareholder Proposal Regarding Proposal that Won 54% Support at 2024 Tesla Annual Meeting 113 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 114 Opposing Statement of the Board 115 Proposal Fourteen Shareholder Proposal to Seek Shareholder Approval Before Adopting an Amendment to the Bylaws Pursuant to Section 21.373 of the TBOC 115 Shareholder Proposal and Supporting Statement 116 Opposing Statement of the Board 118 Corporate Governance 118 Succession Planning 118 Director Education 118 Code of Business Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 119 Director Independence 119 Board Leadership Structure 120 Board Role in Risk Oversight 121 Board Meetings and Committees 126 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 126 Process and Considerations for Nominating Board Candidates 127 Attendance at Annual Meetings of Shareholders by the Board 127 Stock Transactions 128 Contacting the Board 129 Executive Officers 130 Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 130 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 142 Compensation Committee Report 143 2024 Summary Compensation Table 143 2024 Pay Versus Performance 149 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 150 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal Year-End 151 2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 151 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control as of December 31, 2024 151 2024 Pay Ratio Disclosure 152 Compensation of Directors 154 Pledging of Shares 155 Equity Compensation Plan Information 157 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 157 Review of Related Person Transactions 157 Related Person Transactions 158 Shareholder Proposal Regarding Board Authorization of Investment in xAI 158 Other Transactions 159 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 160 Ownership of Securities 162 Audit Related Matters 165 Other Matters 166 Questions and Answers About the 2025 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters A-1 Annex A Special Committee Report B-1 Annex B A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan C-1 Annex C 2025 CEO Performance Award Agreement D-1 Annex D Voting Agreement E-1 Annex E First Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation F-1 Annex F Second Amended and Restated Bylaws TABLE OF CONTENTS Frequently Requested Information 3 Investor Outreach and Engagement 5 Our Board s Commitment to Governance 9 Key Skills 118 Succession Planning 119 Director Independence 120 Board Role in Risk Oversight 121 Commitment of Our Directors 128 Stock Ownership by the Board and Management 151 2024 Pay Ratio Disclosure 154 Pledging of Shares 157 Related Person Transactions 178 Who Can Help Answer My Questions on Voting? TABLE OF CONTENTS TESLA, INC. 1 Tesla Road Austin, Texas 78725 Proxy Statement For 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on November 6, 2025 The proxy statement and annual report are available at www.proxyvote.com. In accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) rules, we are providing access to our proxy materials over the Internet to our shareholders rather than in paper form, which reduces the environmental impact of our annual meeting and our costs. Accordingly, if you are a shareholder of record, a one-page Notice of Internet Availability has been mailed to you on or about September 17, 2025. Shareholders of record may access the proxy materials on the website listed above or request a printed set of the proxy materials be sent to them by following the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability. The Notice of Internet Availability also explains how you may request that we send future proxy materials to you by e-mail or in printed form by mail. If you choose the e-mail option, you will receive an e-mail next year with links to those materials and to the proxy voting site. We encourage you to choose this e-mail option, which will allow us to provide you with the information you need in a timelier manner, save us the cost of printing and mailing documents to you and conserve natural resources. Your election to receive proxy materials by e-mail or in printed form by mail will remain in effect until you terminate it. If you are a beneficial owner, you will not receive a Notice of Internet Availability directly from us, but your broker, bank or other intermediary will forward you a notice with instructions on accessing our proxy materials and directing that organization how to vote your shares, as well as other options that may be available to you for receiving our proxy materials. Please refer to the question entitled What is the difference between holding shares as a shareholder of record or as a beneficial owner? under Questions and Answers About the 2025 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters below for important details regarding different forms of stock ownership. Please refer to the question entitled Who can help answer my questions? under Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters below if you have any questions or require assistance with voting your shares. Forward-Looking Statements The discussions in this proxy statement contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, (i) statements concerning our goals, commitments, strategies and mission, (ii) statements concerning our plans and expectations regarding the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (as defined below) and the 2025 CEO Performance Award (as defined below), (iii) statements regarding continued CEO retention and incentivization from the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2025 CEO Performance Award, (iv) statements regarding the potential benefits, implications, risks or costs of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2025 CEO Performance Award, (v) statements regarding the anticipated accounting treatment or tax effects of the 2025 CEO Interim Award (as defined below) or any Musk Award (as defined below), including the impact of volatility of markets, (vi) statements regarding our strategy, competition, future operations, future financial position, projected costs or profitability, (vii) expectations regarding demand and acceptance for our technologies, growth opportunities and trends in the markets in which we operate, (viii) prospects and plans and objectives of management and (ix) expectations about shareholder intentions, views and reactions. 2025 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS The words anticipates, believes, continues, could, design, drive, estimates, expects, future, goals, intends, likely, may, plans, potential, seek, sets, shall, should, spearheads, spurring, will, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those risks (i) related to the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2025 CEO Performance Award, (ii) set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, (iii) set forth in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2025, (iv) set forth in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2025 and (v) that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. The discussion of such risks is not an indication that any such risks have occurred at the time of this filing. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 2 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Investor Outreach and Engagement Our Approach Our unique business requires a unique approach to corporate governance, and our mission requires a long-term focus that we believe will ultimately maximize value to our employees and our shareholders. Governance at Tesla is thoughtfully designed to drive the cornerstone of good corporate governance: generating shareholder returns. Our corporate governance structure has facilitated several key decisions which have set Tesla up to achieve long-term success and our mission to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable energy. Some examples include our decisions to: Develop and launch Tesla's first fleet of fully autonomous Robotaxis on June 22, 2025 marking a historic milestone as our vehicles carried passengers without human drivers for the first time; Build Gigafactory Nevada, the largest lithium-ion battery factory in the world at the time, so that we can scale most effectively; Expand into energy generation and storage through the acquisition of SolarCity Corporation ( SolarCity ) in 2016 to create a vertically integrated sustainable energy company and empower individual consumers to be their own utility; Manufacture all-electric vehicles from the ground up rather than being a mere supplier of EV components; Revolutionize the vehicle buying and ownership experience by establishing an international network of our stores, service centers and Supercharger stations, despite regulatory hurdles and the significant capital outlay required to do so; Shift from linear assembly lines to parallel modular construction with the revolutionary unboxed process that we are developing to dramatically reduce production time, factory footprint and cost; Deploy FSD (Supervised) incrementally, resulting in over three billion cumulative miles driven with FSD (Supervised) to date and the leading autonomy solution; Move away from the industry's use of LiDAR in favor of Tesla Vision, our camera-only perception system, consistent with our approach to developing scalable, built-in autonomy; and Build strategic relationships to support future efforts to scale artificial intelligence ( AI )-enabled products. We are able to make these and other similar unconventional and bold decisions that have led to tremendous value creation because of our corporate governance structure. Ultimately, decisions like these are what differentiate Tesla from other companies. Moreover, these decisions contribute to our vision of building a future of Sustainable Abundance. Year-Round Engagement Our Board of Directors (the Board ) continuously evaluates our corporate governance structure, practices and policies and weighs stakeholder feedback. Our Board believes that hearing shareholder and stakeholder perspectives is a critical component to our Company s success. Our Board oversees the Company's regular engagement with our shareholders and is committed to being responsive. The Board maintains an active, year-round dialogue with our shareholders so that the Board and Company management can identify and consider the issues that matter most to our shareholders. This includes focused one-on-one meetings between our Board and institutional shareholders throughout the year that are designed to give shareholders an opportunity to better understand our strategy and governance, and allow our directors to become better informed about our shareholders views and concerns. We pursue multiple 2025 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS avenues for shareholder engagement, including by holding video and teleconference meetings with our shareholders, engaging with proxy and other advisory firms and issuing periodic reports on our activities. In 2024, we engaged with shareholders in a variety of ways, including by: Hosting 80 total investor visits (including factory tours, FSD (Supervised) test drives and investor relations meetings); Hosting an average of 90 investor calls per quarter; Attending 10 investor conferences (meeting over 100 investors at each); and Hosting 84 meetings (in-person and virtual) in preparation for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 2024 (the 2024 Annual Meeting ), connecting top shareholders with our Board and/or our investor relations or legal teams. In 2024, we similarly offered multiple avenues for receiving feedback from our retail shareholders, including direct outreach from the Company, events we hosted such as We, Robot , and through our Shareholder Platform discussed below. Additionally, we keep shareholders up to date about the Company and our upcoming events through our Shareholder Platform. Please see Investor Outreach and Engagement Shareholder Platform below for more information about this initiative. Board Responsiveness Through the Board s engagement program discussed above, we have received, and continue to periodically receive, helpful input regarding a number of shareholder-related matters. Moreover, members of the Board and management from time to time seek input from our investors when considering important corporate actions, including our consideration of, and responses to, shareholder proposals that involve corporate governance and alignment with shareholder interests. We have taken a number of actions in recent years to remain responsive, including, without limitation: Progressively adding directors who are independent under the requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) and bring additional viewpoints and key skills in different areas as we evolve, including Joe Gebbia in 2022, JB Straubel in 2023 and Jack Hartung in 2025; Recommending management proposals in prior years, and including our Proposal Six at this year s 2025 Annual Meeting, to reduce director terms and eliminate applicable supermajority voting requirements; Following the passing proposal at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 2022 (the 2022 Annual Meeting ) relating to proxy access, meeting with key shareholders to discuss their views and formulate a framework to address the proposal, after which the Board voted to amend the bylaws of the Company to enable proxy access, in such a manner as to reflect such shareholder views; Hosting Investor Day in March 2023, in which Tesla leaders presented on key areas important to our success, affording shareholders more detailed assessments of the performance, achievements, growth opportunities and areas of focus for our businesses, and addressing shareholder feedback requesting greater visibility into our business leaders and roadmap; Amending our pledging policy to (i) cap the aggregate loan or investment amount that can be collateralized by the pledged stock of our CEO to the lesser of $3.5 billion or twenty-five percent (25%) of the total value of the pledged stock, and (ii) lower the percentage used to calculate the maximum loan or investment amount borrowable by directors and officers (other than our CEO) based on the total value of such director s or officer s pledged stock from 25% to 15%; Enhancing our proxy statement disclosures, including with respect to our corporate governance approach, succession planning, risk oversight, Committee engagement and director skills; and Publishing an Impact Report annually since 2019, and providing disclosures including those based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. 4 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS This year, we published our seventh annual Impact Report. In response to stakeholder and shareholder feedback, we will continue to provide disclosures on the culture we have built and seek to further enhance at Tesla, how we engage and aim to retain our employees, progress we are making on driving the sustainability of our business, the efficiency and safety of our products and how we manage risks in the supply chain, among many other topics. For further information, please navigate to www.tesla.com/impact. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website and in our Impact Report, or any other website or document, is not incorporated in, and is not part of, this proxy statement or any other report or filing we make with the SEC. Our Board s Commitment to Governance Our Board believes in maintaining shareholder confidence through, among other things, demonstrating its responsiveness to shareholder feedback and its commitment to corporate governance. As a recent example of our Board s responsiveness to shareholders, this year, our Board directed management to put forward a proposal to eliminate the supermajority voting requirements in our certificate of formation and bylaws. In recent years, our Board has repeatedly asked shareholders to vote on binding resolutions to amend our certificate of incorporation and bylaws to reduce director terms and/or to eliminate supermajority voting requirements, in each case, because shareholder proposals on these topics had received the support of a meaningful percentage of our shareholders. However, such amendments failed to pass each time that the Board proposed them. Because the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 % of the total outstanding shares entitled to vote is required to approve such amendments, similar proposals cannot pass unless we achieve such a shareholder participation rate. In response to not reaching the required shareholder participation rate, beginning in 2022, we took active steps in an effort to further increase the participation rate of our retail investors through the development of our Shareholder Platform (discussed below), outreach campaigns, direct mailings, one-on-one engagements and through social media channels. This resulted in achieving, in 2022, one of our highest shareholder participation rates among the previous five years of over 63%, though still short of the required 66 2 3 % participation rate. As disclosed in the proxy materials distributed in connection with Tesla s Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting ) and the 2024 Annual Meeting, the Board determined that once we have achieved a total shareholder participation rate of at least 65% at a shareholder meeting, the Board will again propose amendments to Tesla s governing documents to eliminate supermajority voting requirements. Because we achieved a total shareholder participation rate of over 65% at our 2024 Annual Meeting, one of our highest shareholder participation rates to date, we are delivering upon our commitment and submitting to our shareholders a proposal to adopt at the 2025 Annual Meeting the following, which, if adopted, would allow our shareholders to modify our certificate of formation and bylaws by simple majority vote, subject to applicable law. Please see Proposal Six Tesla Proposal for Adoption of Amendments to Certificate of Formation and Bylaws to Eliminate Applicable Supermajority Voting Requirements below. In addition, we believe that Proposal Six is responsive to the outcome of the votes on last year s shareholder proposals regarding both elimination of supermajority voting requirements and declassification, because to the extent Proposal Six achieves the required threshold to pass, this will unlock a gateway for our Board and shareholders to adopt further shareholder-driven governance actions, including, without limitation, the declassification of the Board, as may be appropriate in accordance with law. We will continue to marshal our resources and continue our efforts to further increase retail investor participation rates, including through an active communications campaign via our Shareholder Platform and social media channels encouraging retail shareholders to vote their shares. Furthermore, as previously discussed, the Board is consistently listening and receptive to taking further governance actions when appropriate. Shareholder Platform In 2022, building on our efforts to enhance engagement among our retail shareholder base, Tesla launched our Shareholder Platform. Any Tesla shareholder, regardless of holdings size, is not only 2025 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS able to sign up to stay informed about investor-related topics such as quarterly filings and event announcements, but also is eligible for selection to participate in in-person Tesla events such as the We, Robot event, Tesla Semi launch event, AI Day 2, Investor Day and Cybertruck delivery event. Tesla has one of the largest retail shareholder bases of any public company. Our retail shareholders are incredibly engaged and tend to have a very strong understanding of the Company, and are an important base of support and feedback for management and the Board. We will continue to build the system to maximize depth of engagement and reach. Our goal is for every retail shareholder who wants to engage with the Company to have a meaningful framework for interaction through the Shareholder Platform. Widely-Accessible Hybrid Annual Shareholder Meetings Beginning in 2020, we have conducted our annual meetings both in-person and online through a live webcast and online shareholder tools. Our online format opens up engagement to all shareholders, regardless of the amount of stock owned or geography, and allows our substantial retail shareholder population to hear directly from our Board and management, as well as to submit questions online. At the same time, due to investor feedback and interest, we continue to also host our meetings in-person, so shareholders have the opportunity to engage with our Board and management in-person. Due to the demands to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting in person, we host a lottery to fairly allocate the ability to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting in person. Please see the question entitled Can I attend the 2025 Annual Meeting? under Questions and Answers About the 2025 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters below for additional details. 6 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Tesla Proposals Proposal One Tesla Proposal to Elect Three Class III Directors General Tesla s Board currently consists of nine members who are divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Our bylaws permit the Board to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and nine directors are currently authorized. Any increase or decrease in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of an equal number of directors. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will continue to frequently evaluate the optimal size and composition of the Board to allow it to operate nimbly and efficiently, while maintaining new ideas, expertise and experience among its membership. Nominees for Class III Directors Three candidates have been nominated for election as Class III directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting, each for a three-year term expiring in 2028. Upon recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board has nominated Ira Ehrenpreis, Joe Gebbia and Kathleen Wilson-Thompson for election as Class III directors. Biographical information about each of the nominees is contained in the following section. A discussion of the qualifications, attributes and skills of each nominee that led the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to the conclusion that he or she should be elected or continue to serve as a director follows each of the director and nominee biographies. If you are a shareholder of record and you sign your proxy card or vote by telephone or over the Internet but do not give instructions with respect to the voting of directors, your shares will be voted FOR the election of Messrs. Ehrenpreis and Gebbia and Ms. Wilson-Thompson. Each of Messrs. Ehrenpreis and Gebbia and Ms. Wilson-Thompson has accepted such nomination; however, in the event that a nominee is unable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the 2025 Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for any nominee who shall be designated by the Board to fill such vacancy. If you wish to give specific instructions with respect to the voting of directors, you may do so by indicating your instructions on your proxy card or when you vote by telephone or over the Internet. If you are a beneficial owner holding your shares in street name and you do not give voting instructions to your broker, bank or other intermediary, that organization will leave your shares unvoted on this matter. The Board recommends a vote FOR the Tesla proposal to elect Ira Ehrenpreis, Joe Gebbia and Kathleen Wilson-Thompson. 2025 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Regarding the Board and Director Nominees The names of the members of the Board and Tesla s director nominees, their respective ages, their positions with Tesla and other biographical information as of September 17, 2025, are set forth below. Two of our nine directors are female and one is racially/ethnically diverse. Except for Messrs. Elon Musk ( Mr. Musk ), our Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Kimbal Musk ( Mr. Kimbal Musk ), a director, who are brothers, there are no other family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. As discussed above in Proposal One Tesla Proposal to Elect Three Class III Directors, our Board is divided into three classes, as set forth in the chart below. Class I Directors Class II Directors Class III Directors Robyn Denholm (Chair) James Murdoch Ira Ehrenpreis JB Straubel Kimbal Musk Joe Gebbia Elon Musk Jack Hartung Kathleen Wilson-Thompson In addition to serving on the Board, some of our directors also serve on the Board s Committees, as set forth in the chart below. Name Chair of the Board Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Disclosure Controls Committee Elon Musk Robyn Denholm Ira Ehrenpreis Joe Gebbia Jack Hartung James Murdoch Kimbal Musk JB Straubel Kathleen Wilson-Thompson 8 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS In 2025, Tesla updated our Corporate Governance Guidelines to clarify that Board members are expected to invest the time and effort necessary to understand and oversee the implementation of the Company s business and financial strategies, including, without limitation, in areas such as sustainability and AI. 2025 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Bios ELON MUSK Age: 54 Director Since: 2004 Term of Office: Expires in 2026 Impact As our Chief Executive Officer, one of our founders and our largest shareholder, Mr. Musk brings historical knowledge, operational and technical expertise and continuity to the Board. Mr. Musk guided Tesla from an early-stage startup, through its IPO in 2010, to transformative growth into one of the most valuable companies in the world. Mr. Musk s leadership and unique vision to build the world s next generation of sustainable and accessible innovation has played a key role in our mission to accelerate the world s transition to sustainable energy. Career Highlights Mr. Musk is the Technoking of Tesla and has served as our Chief Executive Officer since October 2008. Mr. Musk has also served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Chairman of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, a company which develops and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft ( SpaceX ), since May 2002, served as Chairman of the Board of a solar installation company, SolarCity, from July 2006 until its acquisition by us in November 2016, served as Chief Technology Officer of X Corp, a social media company ( X ), since October 2022 and served as the Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer of x.AI Corp, an artificial intelligence company ( xAI ), since March 2023. Following the March 2025 merger of X and xAI, he now serves as the Chief Executive Officer of X.AI Holdings Corp. Mr. Musk is also a founder of The Boring Company ( TBC ), an infrastructure company, and Neuralink Corporation, a company focused on developing brain-machine interfaces. Prior to SpaceX, Mr. Musk co-founded PayPal, an electronic payment system, which was acquired by eBay in October 2002, and Zip2 Corporation, a provider of Internet enterprise software and services, which was acquired by Compaq in March 1999. Mr. Musk also served on the board of directors of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. from April 2021 to June 2022. Mr. Musk holds a B.A. in Physics from the University of Pennsylvania and a B.S. in Business from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 10 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ROBYN DENHOLM Age: 62 Director Since: 2014 Term of Office: Expires in 2026 Committee Membership Audit (Chair) Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Disclosure Controls (Chair) Impact Ms. Denholm brings nearly 30 years of executive leadership experience at both NYSE and Nasdaq listed companies, including significant risk management, financial and accounting expertise, as well as technology leadership experience. Ms. Denholm has extensive knowledge of both the automotive and technology industries, including serving as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer of two technology companies. Career Highlights Ms. Denholm has been Chair of the Board since November 2018. In January 2021, Ms. Denholm joined Blackbird Ventures ( Blackbird ), a venture capital firm, as an Operating Partner, where she works with the founders of later-stage technology companies. In 2024, she transitioned to a role on Blackbird s board of directors. Ms. Denholm actively champions the Australian technology sector and was the Inaugural Chair of the Technology Council of Australia, on which she currently serves as a board director. She also founded Wollemi Capital Group in 2021, with a mission to invest in ventures that deliver a positive impact. The firm s investment portfolio spans environmental, venture capital and community focused investments, and includes majority ownership in two professional basketball teams, the Sydney Kings and Sydney Flames, and most recently, the majority ownership of the Women s National Basketball league in Australia. From January 2017 through June 2019, Ms. Denholm was with Telstra Corporation Limited, a telecommunications company ( Telstra ), where she served as Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy from October 2018 through June 2019, and Chief Operations Officer from January 2017 to October 2018. Prior to Telstra, from August 2007 to July 2016, Ms. Denholm was with Juniper Networks, Inc., a manufacturer of networking equipment, serving in executive roles including Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer. Prior to joining Juniper Networks, Ms. Denholm served in various executive roles at Sun Microsystems, Inc. from January 1996 to August 2007. Ms. Denholm also served at Toyota Motor Corporation Australia for seven years and at Arthur Andersen Company for five years in various finance assignments. Ms. Denholm previously served as a director of ABB Ltd. Ms. Denholm is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Australia/New Zealand, a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, and holds a Bachelor s degree in Economics from the University of Sydney and a Master s degree in Commerce and a Doctor of Business Administration (honoris causa) from the University of New South Wales. 2025 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS IRA EHRENPREIS Age: 56 Director Since: 2007 Term of Office: Expires in 2025 Committee Membership Compensation (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Impact Mr. Ehrenpreis is an acknowledged leader in the energy, technology, impact and venture capital industries, where he serves on several industry boards, and brings valuable insights in corporate governance, strategic growth and shareholder values. Mr. Ehrenpreis tenure on Tesla s Board also provides the Company with stability and experience as it navigates through different challenges. Career Highlights Mr. Ehrenpreis has been a venture capitalist since 1996. He is a founder and managing member of DBL Partners, a leading impact investing venture capital firm formed in 2015. Previously, he led the Energy Innovation practice at Technology Partners. Mr. Ehrenpreis has served on the board and Executive Committee, including as Annual Meeting Chairman of the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA). Mr. Ehrenpreis currently serves as the Chairman of the VCNetwork, the largest and most active California venture capital organization, and as the President of the Western Association of Venture Capitalists (WAVC), the oldest venture capital organization in California. Mr. Ehrenpreis is also deeply involved in the energy technology sector. He currently serves on the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) Advisory Council, the University of Texas at Austin Energy Institute Advisory Board, and the Stanford Precourt Institute for Energy Advisory Council, and has served on the advisory boards of many industry groups, including the American Council on Renewable Energy, the Cleantech Venture Network (Past Chairman of Advisory Board) and the Stanford Global Climate and Energy Project (GCEP). He was also Chairman of the Clean-Tech Investor Summit for nine years. Mr. Ehrenpreis served for years as the Chairman of the Silicon Valley Innovation Entrepreneurship Forum (SVIEF) and on the Advisory Board of the Forum for Women Entrepreneurs (FWE). Mr. Ehrenpreis is an inductee of the International Green Industry Hall of Fame. In 2018, the National Venture Capital Association awarded Mr. Ehrenpreis with the industry s Outstanding Service Award for career contributions to the venture capital industry. In 2023, the Japan Society of Northern California honored Mr. Ehrenpreis with its 2023 Visionary Award for his Pioneering Leadership in Impact Investing and the Global Sustainability Community. Mr. Ehrenpreis was awarded the 2018 NACD Directorship 100 for his influential leadership in the boardroom and corporate governance community. Mr. Ehrenpreis holds a B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles and a J.D. and M.B.A. from Stanford University. 12 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS JOE GEBBIA Age: 44 Director Since: 2022 Term of Office: Expires in 2025 Committee Membership Audit Impact Mr. Gebbia has valuable experience derived from founding and leading a global public company. The Board benefits from his entrepreneurial background, as well as his experience in design, innovation, brand development and management of complex regulatory environments. Career Highlights Mr. Gebbia co-founded Airbnb, Inc. in 2008 and has served on Airbnb s board of directors since 2009. In 2022, Mr. Gebbia launched Samara, which produces fully customized, factory-made homes designed to create rental income, house family, support work from home, or bundled together, to form new types of housing communities. Mr. Gebbia received dual degrees in Graphic Design and Industrial Design from the Rhode Island School of Design. In August 2025, Mr. Gebbia was named the U.S. s first Chief Design Officer and now spearheads the new National Design Studio to work on a Presidential initiative called America by Design to modernize the digital interfaces that serve everyday citizens. Mr. Gebbia is a sought-after speaker on design and entrepreneurship. He was named to the Texas Business Hall of Fame, and across his career, his work has been seen in thousands of press articles worldwide, including personal distinctions such as Inc. Magazine s Thirty-under-Thirty, Fortune s Forty-under-Forty, and one of Fast Company s Most Creative People. 2025 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS JACK HARTUNG Age: 68 Director Since: 2025 Term of Office: Expires in 2027 Committee Membership Audit Impact Mr. Hartung brings a proven track record of executive leadership, with experience overseeing financial and reporting functions at multiple public companies. Mr. Hartung also provides valuable experience in the areas of business transformation and customer engagement. Career Highlights Mr. Hartung is currently a senior advisor at Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. ( Chipotle ), and most recently served as President and Chief Strategy Officer of Chipotle from October 2024 to May 2025. Mr. Hartung joined Chipotle in 2002 and held various roles, including Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, where he was responsible for all finance and accounting functions as well as supply chain, strategy, and safety and asset protection. Prior to Chipotle, he spent 18 years at McDonald s Corp., where he held a variety of management positions, most recently as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of its Partner Brands Group. Mr. Hartung has served on the boards of directors of The Honest Company, since May 2022, and Portillo s Inc. since January 2025. He has also served on the Board of ZocDoc, Inc. since January 2022. Mr. Hartung has a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Economics and an MBA from Illinois State University and is CPA and CMA (both not currently practicing). 14 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS JAMES MURDOCH Age: 52 Director Since: 2017 Term of Office: Expires in 2027 Committee Membership Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Disclosure Controls Impact Mr. Murdoch brings to the Board his decades of executive and board experience across numerous companies. Tesla s Board benefits from his extensive knowledge of international markets and strategies and experience with the adoption of new technologies. Career Highlights Mr. Murdoch has been the Chief Executive Officer of Lupa Systems, a private holding company that he founded, since March 2019. Previously, Mr. Murdoch held a number of leadership roles at Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc., a media company ( 21CF ), over two decades, including its Chief Executive Officer from 2015 to March 2019, its Co-Chief Operating Officer from 2014 to 2015, its Deputy Chief Operating Officer and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, International from 2011 to 2014 and its Chairman and Chief Executive, Europe and Asia from 2007 to 2011. Previously, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sky plc from 2003 to 2007, and as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of STAR Group Limited, a subsidiary of 21CF, from 2000 to 2003. Mr. Murdoch formerly served on the board of News Corporation from 2013 to 2020. In addition, he has served on the boards of 21CF, Sky plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc and Sotheby s. 2025 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS KIMBAL MUSK Age: 52 Director Since: 2004 Term of Office: Expires in 2027 Impact Mr. Kimbal Musk has extensive senior leadership business experience in the technology, retail and consumer markets, and a robust understanding of mission-driven ventures. Mr. Kimbal Musk also provides valuable expertise based on his experience on the Tesla Board and is able to apply his unique understanding of the business to the strategy and execution of the Company. Career Highlights Mr. Kimbal Musk is co-founder and Executive Chairman of The Kitchen Restaurant Group, a growing family of businesses with the goal of providing all Americans with access to real food that was founded in 2004. In 2010, Mr. Kimbal Musk became the Executive Director of Big Green (formerly The Kitchen Community), a non-profit organization that creates learning gardens in schools across the United States. Mr. Kimbal Musk also co-founded Square Roots, an urban farming company growing fresh, local greens in climate-controlled, AI equipped shipping containers, in 2016, and serves as its Chairman. In 2022, Mr. Kimbal Musk founded Nova Sky Stories, with a mission to empower producers and artists to bring art to the skies with drone light shows, and serves as its Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Kimbal Musk was a co-founder of Zip2 Corporation, a provider of Internet enterprise software and services, which was acquired by Compaq in March 1999. In 2006, Mr. Kimbal Musk became CEO of OneRiot, a realtime search engine that was acquired by Walmart in 2011. In addition, Mr. Kimbal Musk has served on the boards of SpaceX and Chipotle. Mr. Kimbal Musk holds a B. Comm. in Business from Queen s University and is a graduate of The French Culinary Institute in New York City. 16 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS JB STRAUBEL Age: 49 Director Since: 2023 Term of Office: Expires in 2026 Impact As a co-founder and one of the key members of Tesla s leadership team for over a decade, Mr. Straubel brings extensive operational experience and in-house knowledge of Tesla s technology, research and development and business management. Mr. Straubel also provides valuable expertise in the areas of cleantech and batteries. Career Highlights Mr. Straubel is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Redwood Materials Inc., a Nevada-based company ( Redwood ) working to drive down the costs and environmental footprint of lithium-ion batteries by offering large-scale sources of domestic anode and cathode materials produced from recycled batteries. Mr. Straubel also co-founded and served as the Chief Technology Officer of Tesla from May 2005 to July 2019. Mr. Straubel previously served on the board of SolarCity and as a member of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee from August 2006 until its acquisition by Tesla in November 2016. Mr. Straubel has served on the board of directors of QuantumScape since November 2020. Mr. Straubel holds a B.S. in Energy Systems Engineering and an M.S. in Engineering, with an emphasis on energy conversion, from Stanford University. 2025 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS KATHLEEN WILSON-THOMPSON Age: 68 Director Since: 2018 Term of Office: Expires in 2025 Committee Membership Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Disclosure Controls Impact Ms. Wilson-Thompson brings extensive executive and board experience at both consumer-focused and industrial companies. In addition, her expertise in managing human resources, employment law and other operations at mature companies with large workforces provides the Board with valuable insight and advice for workforce management and relations as Tesla continues to expand. Career Highlights Ms. Wilson-Thompson served as Executive Vice President and Global Chief Human Resources Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. ( Walgreens ), a global pharmacy and wellbeing company, from December 2014 until her retirement in January 2021, and previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from January 2010 to December 2014 at Walgreens. Prior to Walgreens, Ms. Wilson-Thompson held various legal and operational roles at The Kellogg Company, a food manufacturing company, from January 1991 to December 2009, including most recently as its Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources. Ms. Wilson-Thompson has served on the board of directors of Wolverine World Wide, Inc. since May 2021 and McKesson Corporation since January 2022. She has also served on the board of directors of Health Care Service Corporation since October 2024. Ms. Wilson-Thompson previously served on the board of directors of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. from 2017 to 2020. Ms. Wilson-Thompson holds an A.B. in English Literature from the University of Michigan and a J.D. and LL.M. (Corporate and Finance Law) from Wayne State University. Additional Information On October 16, 2018, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the New York Court ) entered a final judgment approving the terms of a settlement filed with the New York Court on September 29, 2018, in connection with the actions taken by the SEC relating to Mr. Musk s August 7, 2018 Twitter (now known as X) post that he was considering taking Tesla private. On April 26, 2019, this settlement was amended to clarify certain of its terms, which amendment was subsequently approved by the New York Court. Mr. Musk did not admit to or deny any of the SEC s allegations, and there is no restriction on Mr. Musk s ability to serve as an officer or director on the Board. See Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 Compensation of Directors below for additional information regarding the Board. 18 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal Two Tesla Proposal for a Non-Binding Advisory Vote Approving 2024 Executive Compensation Background on Required Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation for Prior Fiscal Year Pursuant to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), we are asking our shareholders to vote to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) for our prior completed fiscal year, 2024, as disclosed in accordance with the SEC s rules in the Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 section of this proxy statement on page 130 through page 156 below. This proposal, commonly known as a say-on-pay proposal, gives our shareholders the opportunity to weigh in on our NEOs 2024 compensation as a whole. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation for 2024 or any specific NEO, but rather the overall compensation of all of our NEOs for 2024 and the philosophy, policies and practices for our NEOs compensation in 2024 described in this proxy statement. We currently include this advisory vote on an annual basis. The say-on-pay vote is advisory, and therefore not binding on the Company, the Compensation Committee or the Board. The say-on-pay vote will, however, provide information to us regarding investor sentiment about our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices for NEO compensation in 2024, which the Compensation Committee will be able to consider when determining future executive compensation. The Board and the Compensation Committee value the opinions of our shareholders and to the extent there is any significant vote against our NEOs 2024 compensation as disclosed in the section of this proxy statement titled Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 (on page 130 through page 156 below), we will consider our shareholders concerns and the Compensation Committee will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns. SEC rules require an advisory vote on NEO compensation for the prior fiscal year, which is 2024, which did not include the 2025 CEO Interim Award and 2025 CEO Performance Award. For detailed information on the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and 2025 CEO Performance Award, see Proposal Three Tesla Proposal for Approval of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and Proposal Four Tesla Proposal for Approval of the 2025 CEO Performance Award below. Summary of the 2024 Executive Compensation Program The following is a summary of some of the key points of our 2024 executive compensation program that are subject to this proposal: Tesla continued to emphasize structuring compensation incentives to reward our NEOs based on performance. Equity awards weighed heavily in our NEOs total compensation, including awards that vest upon the achievement of clear and measurable milestones. Since these awards increase in value as our stock price increases (and in the case of stock option awards, have no value unless our stock price increases following their grant), our NEOs incentives were closely aligned with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Since 2020, equity awards granted to our NEOs have primarily been in the form of stock options: Xiaotong (Tom) Zhu, our Senior Vice President, APAC and Global Vehicle Manufacturing, received 100% of his equity award in the form of stock option awards upon his promotion to such role in 2023, and Vaibhav Taneja, our Chief Financial Officer, received approximately 80% of his equity award in the form of stock options in 2024, following the 2024 review of our compensation programs as discussed in the Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Philosophy section below and in consideration of his promotion in August 2023 to the role of Chief Financial Officer. As a result, a significant portion of our NEOs total compensation was entirely at risk, depending on long-term stock price performance. 2025 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Tesla had no cash bonus program for any of our NEOs and generally did not provide any perquisites or tax reimbursements to our NEOs not available to other employees. No NEO currently has any severance or change of control arrangement. Each NEO was employed at will and was expected to demonstrate exceptional personal performance in order to continue serving as a member of the executive team. Mr. Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, historically earned a base salary that reflected the applicable minimum wage requirements under California law, and he was subject to income taxes based on such base salary. However, he has never accepted his salary. Commencing in May 2019 at Mr. Musk s request, we eliminated altogether the earning and accrual of this base salary. Mr. Musk received no compensation in 2024. In 2024, his only unexercised compensation consisted of the vested stock options under the 10-year performance-based stock option award granted to him in January 2018 (the 2018 CEO Performance Award ), which had vested in full prior to 2024. In particular, the 2018 CEO Performance Award consisted of 12 equal tranches, each of which vested upon the achievement of a market capitalization milestone matched to one of eight revenue-based operational milestones or eight Adjusted EBITDA-based operational milestones, all of which were viewed as difficult hurdles at the time of grant. While our shareholders benefit from each incremental increase in Tesla s performance and stock price, aligning their interests with Mr. Musk s incentives, the tranches under the 2018 CEO Performance Award vested only upon the full achievement of specific milestones, making it even more challenging for Mr. Musk to realize value from such increases. As of the date of this proxy statement, all of the tranches have vested and become exercisable, subject to Mr. Musk s payment of the exercise price of $23.34 per share, as adjusted to give effect to the three-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in August 2022 (the 2022 Stock Split ) and the five-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in August 2020 (the 2020 Stock Split ). Additionally, a minimum five-year holding period applies to any shares Mr. Musk acquires upon exercising any of the options. See Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2024 Chief Executive Officer Compensation below for more details. The 2025 CEO Interim Award and the 2025 CEO Performance Award were not features of the 2024 executive compensation program, as both awards were granted to Mr. Musk after the end of the 2024 fiscal year. See Proposal Three Tesla Proposal for Approval of the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and Proposal Four Tesla Proposal for Approval of the 2025 CEO Performance Award below for more details. For detailed information about Tesla s executive compensation program, see the Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 section on page 130 through page 156 below. Tesla believes that the information provided above and within the Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 section of this proxy statement (on page 130 through page 156 below) demonstrates that Tesla s executive compensation program for fiscal year 2024 was designed appropriately and aligned management s interests with our shareholders interests to support long-term value creation. Proposed Resolution Accordingly, we ask our shareholders to vote FOR the following resolution at the 2025 Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the Company s shareholders approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers, as disclosed within the Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2024 section of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the other related disclosure. The Board recommends a vote FOR the Tesla proposal for a non-binding advisory vote approving 2024 executive compensation. 20 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Background of Proposals Three and Four and Background and Approval Process of the Special Committee At the 2025 Annual Meeting, we are asking our shareholders to approve two proposals related to Mr. Musk s compensation as Tesla s Chief Executive Officer. Proposals Three and Four request your approval of an Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan ) and a new performance-based restricted stock award to Mr. Musk (the 2025 CEO Performance Award ). In addition to addressing Mr. Musk s compensation, Proposal Three and its replenishment of the share pool available for all employees, directors and other eligible service providers (the General Share Reserve ) is also critical for Tesla s ability to continue compensating its employees in the particularly competitive AI labor market in which we operate. Over the past two decades, Mr. Musk has led Tesla on a remarkable journey that saw Tesla grow from an EV upstart to one of the largest and most valuable companies in the world. Despite Mr. Musk having struck an agreement with Tesla and its shareholders and guiding Tesla through a period of growth that saw its market capitalization increase by more than 20x since March 2018, Mr. Musk had not received meaningful compensation, prior to the 2025 CEO Interim Award (as defined below) for his services to Tesla since he last achieved the milestones specified in the 2012 CEO Performance Award (as defined below), in 2017 nearly eight years ago. Mr. Musk like all of our shareholders wants to see Tesla continue its record-breaking growth and achieve its ambitions. The Board is excited about the opportunity that these compensation proposals represent for Tesla to retain Mr. Musk, who recently unveiled Master Plan, Part IV, which focuses on the concept of Sustainable Abundance. Proposals Three and Four represent recognition of Mr. Musk s past and present efforts and endorsement of his singular role in leading Tesla into the future. To Tesla, Proposals Three and Four represent a critical opportunity to retain and incentivize Mr. Musk to drive Tesla to become the most valuable company in the world. Proposals Three and Four follow our recent grant of restricted stock to Mr. Musk in August 2025 (the 2025 CEO Interim Award ), the first step in compensating Mr. Musk commensurate with his contributions to Tesla and our shareholders. Together with the 2025 CEO Interim Award, Proposals Three and Four represent a comprehensive plan to retain and incentivize Mr. Musk to lead Tesla through a new period of transformative growth. Furthermore, Proposal Three gives us an opportunity to alleviate the need for further shareholder votes as we navigate the uncertainty of the ongoing Delaware litigation, while also replenishing the General Share Reserve under Tesla s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), a step that the Board believes is critical for Tesla to properly compensate and motivate all of its employees through our 2027 meeting of shareholders. Proposals Three and Four are being presented to Tesla s shareholders for approval following the recommendations of the Special Committee (as defined below) and the Board (with Mr. Musk and Mr. Kimbal Musk recused). What follows is only a summary of the background of Proposals Three and Four and the process undertaken by the Special Committee. The Special Committee s review is described in its report (the Special Committee Report ), which is attached hereto as Annex A and incorporated by reference herein. This summary is included to provide you with the relevant context for your vote on Proposals Three and Four. This summary (including the description of and definitions used for the Product Goals (as defined below)) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Special Committee Report. Shareholders are encouraged to read the entirety of the Special Committee Report for further information regarding the background of and process undertaken by the Special Committee. Summary of Proposal Three Proposal Three asks shareholders to approve the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, which, among other things, (i) provides a 207,960,630 shareholder-approved share pool (the Special Share Reserve ) from which the Board can, without further shareholder approval, issue one or more additional equity awards to Mr. Musk (any such award out of the Special Share Reserve, individually or collectively, a Musk Award ) and (ii) increases the General Share Reserve by 60,000,000 shares 2025 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS for awards to eligible participants other than Mr. Musk, resulting in a total of 71,444,367 shares available for future grant based on the number of shares remaining in the General Share Reserve as of August 19, 2025, and a total of 62,200,293 shares available for future grant based on management s good faith estimate of the number of shares remaining in the General Share Reserve as of the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Special Committee recommended, and the Board concluded, it would be in the best interests of Tesla to approve Proposal Three. Proposal Three would, among other things, help ensure that Tesla can honor its bargain with Mr. Musk under the 2018 CEO Performance Award by providing increased flexibility through the authorization of shares for making future awards to Mr. Musk under the A R 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. The Board commits to shareholders that, in making Mr. Musk whole with any potential Musk Awards, no material additional benefit would be provided to Mr. Musk. In other words, like the 2025 CEO Interim Award, there can be no double dip. The Board also believes Proposal Three is critical for Tesla to attract, retain and compensate employees, directors and other service providers. To date, the 2018 CEO Performance Award remains the subject of years-long litigation, and the uncertainty created by this judicial process has left Mr. Musk s compensation in limbo. However, the Board intends that, in making Mr. Musk whole with any potential Musk Award, there will be no double dip between any Musk Award and the 2018 CEO Performance Award. That is, the total shares ultimately delivered between the 2025 CEO Interim Award and any future Musk Award cannot provide a material benefit to Mr. Musk beyond what was promised under the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Summary of Proposal Four Proposal Four asks shareholders to approve the 2025 CEO Performance Award, an ambitious plan to retain and incentivize Mr. Musk through the issuance of a highly customized, performance-based restricted stock award. In return, Mr. Musk is required to achieve extraordinary market capitalization, product and operational goals. If the market capitalization goals and operational goals in the 2025 CEO Performance Award are achieved at their maximum levels, Tesla will have reached at least $400 billion of sustained annual Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) and a market capitalization of at least $8.5 trillion, larger than any single company s market capitalization as of the date of this proxy statement. Background of the Proposals Tesla has grown dramatically since 2018, in large part due to Mr. Musk s vision and leadership. In 2018, the Board proposed, and our shareholders voted to approve, a performance stock option award for Mr. Musk. Despite meeting the requirements for all 12 tranches of that option award to vest, Mr. Musk has not been permitted to exercise the options underlying the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Mr. Musk has not received any meaningful compensation for his eight years of service between last earning the 2012 CEO Performance Award in 2017 and receiving the 2025 CEO Interim Award this August. This significant delay is due to the ongoing litigation regarding the 2018 CEO Performance Award, which is currently pending appeal before the Delaware Supreme Court (together with its constituent and related litigation, Tornetta ). The Board believes that Tesla and the directors involved in that litigation have strong arguments on the merits against the challenges to the 2018 CEO Performance Award, validating the two votes by our shareholders to approve the contested 2018 CEO Performance Award. An oral argument has been set for October 15, 2025. We are seeking approval of the Special Share Reserve under Proposal Three and the 2025 CEO Performance Award under Proposal Four to ensure Tesla s long-term success through Mr. Musk s continued service to Tesla. Today, we are at a critical inflection point for the future of Tesla, one that has the potential, if properly executed, to create continued extraordinary value for our shareholders. However, the Board believes that Mr. Musk s vision and leadership are critical to nailing that execution. The Board took initial action in August 2025 by approving the 2025 CEO Interim Award, which was a first step towards retaining Mr. Musk in the immediate future and demonstrated Tesla s resolve to honor its compensation promises in spite of the uncertainty fostered by Tornetta. However, the 2025 CEO Interim Award alone is not a sufficient replacement or substitute for the 22 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS 2018 CEO Performance Award. Rather, as we disclosed when it was announced, it was intended to be an initial step and to show our commitment to following through on our word. Accordingly, upon the recommendation of the Special Committee, in order to honor the promises we made to our Chief Executive Officer and the voice of our shareholders, the Board believes further action is required now. The following discussion provides the background for Proposals Three and Four, much of which is rooted in the original vote on the 2018 CEO Performance Award, in which Tesla and its shareholders struck a deal with Mr. Musk: pay-for-performance, with compensation for Mr. Musk if and only if he achieved milestones that would, taken together, demonstrate stratospheric growth. Mr. Musk proceeded to make good on his end of the bargain, earning each of the award tranches and delivering hundreds of billions of dollars of value to shareholders. In January 2024, nearly six years after the initial bargain was struck, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Chancery Court ) effectively forced Tesla to renege on the bargain, citing purported shortcomings in Tesla s 2018 process and disclosures. In 2024, shareholders were again asked to consider the 2018 CEO Performance Award, this time by being asked to ratify the award, with even more robust disclosure of the award, including detailed explanations of the purported shortcomings included in the Delaware Chancery Court s opinion. Once more, our shareholders voted in favor of the deal by a significant margin. The Delaware Chancery Court again refused to honor the voice of our shareholders and allow Tesla to honor its contractual commitment to Mr. Musk and ordered that the 2018 CEO Performance Award be rescinded in its entirety, although that order is currently stayed due to the pending Tornetta appeal before the Delaware Supreme Court. However, this order has prevented Mr. Musk from being able to exercise any options earned under the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Mr. Musk s compensation and incentives are once again in your hands as Tesla s shareholders. The stakes could not be higher. Through their vote on Proposals Three and Four, shareholders may not only address the residual uncertainty created by the Delaware case, but also seize a chance to retain and incentivize Mr. Musk to propel Tesla along a new trajectory of unprecedented growth, development and shareholder value creation. While the Board has included a discussion of the findings from the cases in the Delaware Chancery Court in this background section, it is important to understand that these represent the conclusions of the Delaware Chancery Court. The Board in no way endorses such findings or conclusions. As the case is currently on appeal and remains in active litigation, the discussion of the case is limited to information available as of the date of this proxy statement. Overview of the 2012 CEO Performance Award and 2018 CEO Performance Award The 2012 CEO Performance Award In 2012, the Board approved a compensation program for Mr. Musk that consisted entirely of performance stock options that would vest only upon the achievement of certain market capitalization and operational milestones (the 2012 CEO Performance Award ). At the time, Tesla had begun to execute Mr. Musk s roadmap for Tesla s future, The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan (the Original Master Plan ), which laid out the objectives for Tesla during the first phase of its development. Tesla had yet to begin volume production of Model S and had a market capitalization of under $4 billion. The 2012 CEO Performance Award included 10 tranches, with the vesting of each tranche requiring Tesla both to (i) grow market capitalization by an additional $4 billion and (ii) achieve an additional specified operational milestone. Following the grant of the 2012 CEO Performance Award, Tesla received strong shareholder support in its triennial advisory Say on Pay votes in 2014 and 2017 (94.4% and 98.9%, respectively, of the shares present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote). Between 2012 and 2018, Tesla, with Mr. Musk at the helm, launched and ramped up production of Model S; designed, launched and ramped up production of Model X and Model 3; and added important new business lines, including solar energy generation and energy storage, among other things. 2025 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS The 2018 CEO Performance Award In 2017, with the 2012 CEO Performance Award nearing completion and Tesla entering the next phase of its development, the Board sought to develop a compensation award for Mr. Musk that reflected Tesla s then-current long-term goals and strategy and incentivized their achievement. The 2018 CEO Performance Award was the result of this effort. The independent members of the Board at the time, led by the members of the Compensation Committee, designed a compensation award over the course of six months that they believed would incentivize Mr. Musk while maximizing value for Tesla s shareholders. Mr. Musk and Mr. Kimbal Musk recused themselves from each of the relevant meetings. As part of this process, the Compensation Committee and the Board sought to balance a variety of important objectives, including: Aligning Mr. Musk s interests with those of Tesla and its other shareholders; Incentivizing Mr. Musk to continue to lead Tesla over the long term; Motivating Mr. Musk to help Tesla achieve market capitalization and operational milestones that would generate significant shareholder value; and Ensuring that Mr. Musk s compensation would be linked entirely to performance so that he did not receive any compensation unless Tesla s shareholders benefited from significant value creation. The Board also sought and obtained feedback from a broad set of institutional shareholders and incorporated that feedback into its decision-making process. With Mr. Musk s innovation and vision driving Tesla to become the world s first vertically integrated sustainable energy company, with a wide variety of products, from generation to storage to consumption, the Board believed that under Mr. Musk s continued leadership Tesla had the potential to become one of the most valuable companies in the world. (1) The 2018 CEO Performance Award was based on the ambitious vision of making Tesla a $650 billion company, which would require a more than tenfold growth in Tesla s market capitalization, notwithstanding that it was already significantly more valuable than any other North American automotive company. The Board gave the following three reasons for its recommendation that shareholders approve the 2018 CEO Performance Award: 1. Strengthening Incentives and Further Aligning of Shareholder, Company and CEO Interests The Board believed in rewarding Mr. Musk in a fair way that provided compensation to him if, and only if, Tesla s shareholders realized significant value. The 2018 CEO Performance Award was a true pay-for-performance compensation program that tightly aligned Mr. Musk s interests with the interests of Tesla and its shareholders. Accordingly, Mr. Musk would receive no cash salary, no cash bonuses and no time-based equity awards ( i.e. , awards that vest solely through the passage of time) under the terms of the 2018 CEO Performance Award. To the contrary, his only opportunity for compensation from Tesla would require him to lead Tesla in achieving monumentally challenging market capitalization and operational milestones. The 2018 CEO Performance Award created even more shareholder alignment by incorporating features such as a five-year holding period to ensure Mr. Musk s continuing alignment with Tesla s interests. 2. Securing Mr. Musk s Continued Services The Board believed in 2018 that the active and engaged services of Mr. Musk were important to the continued growth and long-term interests of Tesla, based on the Board s belief and observation that Tesla s prior successes were driven significantly by Mr. Musk s leadership. Those successes included making Model S the top-selling car in its segment in many key markets around the world and ramping up its production, designing and scaling production of Model X, which continued to (1) See Exhibit 99.1 to Tesla s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018: Tesla today announced a new 10-year CEO performance award for Elon Musk with vesting entirely contingent on achieving market cap and operational milestones that would make Tesla one of the most valuable companies in the world. 24 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS gain substantial market share around the world, and designing and beginning to scale production of Model 3, the mass-market vehicle enabled by the success of Model S and Model X. These accomplishments had led to significant value creation for Tesla s shareholders. Since going public in 2010, Tesla s market capitalization had grown almost 35x by the time the Board approved the 2018 CEO Performance Award. The Board designed the 2018 CEO Performance Award to incentivize and motivate Mr. Musk to continue to not only lead Tesla over the long term but, particularly in light of his other business interests, to focus his time and energy on doing so. Musk himself has acknowledged that he is motivated by the all-or-nothing, pay-for-performance award design. Mr. Musk was required to remain as our Chief Executive Officer or serve as both Executive Chairman and Chief Product Officer, in each case with all leadership ultimately reporting to him, at the time each milestone was met in order for the corresponding tranche to vest. This was intended to ensure that Mr. Musk would continue to lead the management of Tesla over the long term while also providing the flexibility for the future. 3. Spurring the Achievement of Tesla s Strategic and Financial Objectives The Board believed in 2018 that the 2012 CEO Performance Award had been instrumental in motivating Mr. Musk to lead Tesla s achievement of the objectives set out in the Original Master Plan, thereby generating significant shareholder value. With the Original Master Plan having been achieved and with the second master plan ( Master Plan, Part Deux ) having been announced, the 2018 CEO Performance Award was designed to help align Tesla and its employees as they designed, engineered and made the products that executed on Master Plan, Part Deux, and focus everyone at Tesla on achieving the market capitalization and operational milestones that, while challenging, the Board believed Tesla could attain under the right conditions. If all of these milestones were achieved, the Board believed that Tesla would have meaningfully achieved its mission of accelerating the world s transition to sustainable energy and would have become one of the most valuable and successful companies in the world. The Board approved the 2018 CEO Performance Award and convened a special meeting of shareholders (the 2018 Special Meeting ) to obtain shareholder approval of the award. At the 2018 Special Meeting, 73% of all voting shares present in person or by proxy, without counting those owned by Mr. Musk or Mr. Kimbal Musk, voted to approve the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Tornetta v. Musk Decision Following the 2018 Special Meeting, on June 5, 2018, Richard Tornetta, a shareholder of Tesla holding just nine shares of our common stock at the time (prior to giving effect to subsequent stock splits), filed a shareholder derivative complaint in the Delaware Chancery Court, purportedly on behalf of Tesla, alleging that Mr. Musk controlled the Board and tainted the process, resulting in an unfair 2018 CEO Performance Award. On January 30, 2024, the Delaware Chancery Court published an opinion (the First Tornetta Opinion ) deciding that that Mr. Musk was a controlling stockholder of Tesla for the purposes of the Board s approval of the 2018 CEO Performance Award (notwithstanding his 21.9% beneficial ownership interest at the relevant time) and that Tesla had not properly implemented the judicially-prescribed procedural requirements to cleanse that transaction of Mr. Musk s influence. Such court-created requirements under Delaware law, which have been superseded by recent statutory amendments, consist of pre-conditioned approval by (i) a special committee authorized to negotiate and make a decision on such transaction and (ii) the fully informed, uncoerced majority of the voting power of disinterested shareholders. The Delaware Chancery Court therefore applied an entire fairness standard of review. Under that standard, it found that the 2018 CEO Performance Award was not entirely fair to Tesla s shareholders and ordered it to be rescinded. Tesla believes that the Delaware Chancery Court made a number of key factual and legal errors in the First Tornetta Opinion and is currently pursuing an appeal to the Delaware Supreme Court. Indeed, the Delaware legislature has approved, and the governor has signed into law, sweeping changes to the statutory framework around so-called controlling stockholders that are at odds with much of the Delaware Chancery Court s reasoning. 2025 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2024 Ratification and Redomestication Background and Process of the 2024 Committee Whether Tesla should reincorporate had been periodically considered by members of management and outside directors since Tesla moved its headquarters from California to Texas in 2021. Following the First Tornetta Opinion, on January 30, 2024, Mr. Musk ran a poll on X asking whether Tesla should change its state of incorporation to Texas, home of its physical headquarters? Of 1,102,554 votes on X, 87% were in favor. The next day, following this show of overwhelming support, Mr. Musk posted on X that Tesla will move immediately to hold a shareholder vote to transfer state of incorporation to Texas. Even though there was significant public support, whether to reincorporate outside of Delaware, and whether to put that question to the shareholders, was a decision for the full Board. Accordingly, the Board convened several special meetings to address the issue of reincorporation, ultimately deciding to create and empower a special committee initially consisting of Kathleen Wilson-Thompson and Joe Gebbia (the 2024 Committee ) to evaluate the issue. The 2024 Committee s advisors included Sidley Austin LLP as legal counsel, Abrams Bayliss LLP as Delaware counsel and Houlihan Lokey Capital, Inc. as financial advisor. As the 2024 Committee and its counsel considered the reincorporation question, they explored various scenarios, including whether to remain in Delaware, and what might need to be done to implement any decision the 2024 Committee reached on reincorporation. The 2024 Committee eventually concluded that, if it made a determination to reincorporate, Mr. Musk s compensation should be addressed in some way at the same time in order to ensure that Tesla was satisfying Delaware s requirement for a fully informed shareholder vote. The Board subsequently delegated full authority to the 2024 Committee to decide whether, if there were a shareholder vote on reincorporation, the 2018 CEO Performance Award should be ratified at the same time, as well as which potential disclosures about Mr. Musk s compensation might need to be made to ensure shareholders were fully informed in voting on reincorporation. The day after the 2024 Committee s mandate was expanded, Mr. Gebbia stepped down voluntarily and out of an abundance of caution, in order to preclude unfair attacks based on any perceived conflict of interests involving his business and personal relationships with Mr. Musk. Following discussions with counsel and the Board regarding, among other things, timing considerations and the in-process search for new independent directors, the 2024 Committee proceeded with Ms. Wilson-Thompson as the sole member. The 2024 Committee concluded that it was independent and disinterested with respect to all aspects of its purpose. This conclusion rested on an evaluation by counsel, as well as the 2024 Committee s evaluation of the independence and disinterestedness of its counsel and other advisors. Over the course of eight weeks, the 2024 Committee and its advisors conducted an in-depth evaluation of the ratification and redomestication issues through meetings, interviews and other activities. With respect to the redomestication, the 2024 Committee considered a precise question: where should this Company be incorporated at this time ? The 2024 Committee initially considered all U.S. states as well as the possibility of incorporating outside of the U.S. It narrowed its focus in stages, first to 10 states, then five, and finally to a binary choice between remaining incorporated in Delaware and reincorporating in one alternative jurisdiction. With respect to the ratification, the 2024 Committee considered whether it would be in the best interests of Tesla and its shareholders to consider ratification through a shareholder vote (including the manner of any such vote). The 2024 Committee took account of and investigated a number of factors, including, among others: Ms. Wilson-Thompson s knowledge of Tesla s compensation practices and philosophy; shareholder sentiment; potential alternatives to ratification; and Mr. Musk s views on the 2018 CEO Performance Award. The 2024 Committee s Recommendations Ultimately, the 2024 Committee concluded that, in its business judgment, reincorporating in Texas and ratifying Mr. Musk s compensation were in the best interests of Tesla and all of its shareholders. It recommended that both issues be put to a vote of Tesla s shareholders at the 2024 Annual Meeting. 26 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Following the recommendations of the 2024 Committee, the Board, with Mr. Musk and Kimbal Musk once again recusing themselves, determined to recommend that the shareholders approve: (i) the conversion of Tesla from a Delaware corporation to a corporation organized under the laws of Texas (the Texas Redomestication ); and (ii) ratification of the 2018 CEO Performance Award (such ratification of the 2018 CEO Performance Award, whether under common law or under Section 204 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), the Ratification ). Tesla Comes Home to Texas The Texas Redomestication was a momentous decision, and Tesla s 2024 proxy statement diligently outlined the key considerations related to, among other things, governance, shareholder rights, risks and costs associated with the measure. Our shareholders overwhelmingly supported the Texas Redomestication, which won approximately 84% of the total votes of shares of Tesla common stock not owned, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Musk or Mr. Kimbal Musk, represented in person or by proxy at the 2024 Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Tesla officially became a Texas corporation in June 2024 through a statutory conversion under the DGCL and the Texas Business Organizations Code (the TBOC ). The Ratification Vote Tesla s 2024 proxy statement made clear that the Ratification was being sought for any purpose permitted under Delaware law, including, but not limited to Delaware common law and Delaware statutory provisions such as Section 204 of the DGCL, and that shareholders should consider all of the facts disclosed in that proposal as pertinent to their vote on Ratification. The 2024 proxy statement provided an overview of the terms of the 2018 CEO Performance Award and outlined the fundamental problem the First Tornetta Opinion had created: Mr. Musk had not received any compensation for his service since 2018, a period in which Mr. Musk led Tesla s value to grow almost 1,400% and to be positioned as one of the most valuable publicly traded American companies. The 2024 proxy statement asked the shareholders to ratify the 2018 CEO Performance Award under Delaware common and statutory law. The 2024 proxy statement noted that Delaware common law ratification, when properly implemented, permits a Delaware corporation to validate certain unauthorized corporate acts or breaches of fiduciary duty. Tesla believed that, under the First Tornetta Opinion, the 2018 CEO Performance Award was such an act that could be ratified under Delaware common law. Tesla also believed that the 2018 CEO Performance Award was subject to statutory ratification under Section 204 of the DGCL, which allows a Delaware corporation to follow specified procedures to ratify a corporate act that was void or voidable due to a failure of authorization. The 2024 proxy statement explicitly noted that even a favorable vote by the shareholders for Ratification may not resolve the matter, as the 2024 Committee, its advisors and the Board could not predict with certainty how such a vote would be treated under Delaware law given the novel circumstances. Holders of 72% of our shares ( excluding those held by our Chief Executive Officer and related persons) supported ratification of that compensation plan, demonstrating our shareholder base s overwhelming rejection of the litigation challenging our Chief Executive Officer s compensation. The Second Tornetta Opinion Following the favorable shareholder vote to ratify the 2018 CEO Performance Award, Tesla and the director defendants in the Tornetta lawsuit filed motions requesting that the Delaware Chancery Court revise the First Tornetta Opinion. On December 2, 2024, the Delaware Chancery Court issued an opinion (the Second Tornetta Opinion and, together with the First Tornetta Opinion, the Tornetta Opinions ) ruling that the Ratification had failed to reinstate the 2018 CEO Performance Award for a number of purported independently sufficient reasons. The Delaware Chancery Court held that the procedural safeguards Tesla had implemented around the Ratification were insufficient to cure the deficiencies in the approval process behind the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Even assuming the Ratification was properly negotiated and approved 2025 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS by an independent special committee and then approved by a fully informed, uncoerced majority of shares held by disinterested shareholders, thereby meeting the requirements under Delaware case law, the Delaware Chancery Court rejected the attempt to eliminate the need for the rescission ordered in the First Tornetta Opinion. According to the Delaware Chancery Court, because the 2018 CEO Performance Award was not itself negotiated by an independent special committee, the transaction could not be fully cleansed by implementing such safeguards after the fact. In addition to a number of procedural criticisms of the defendants motion, the Delaware Chancery Court also held that, because the Ratification did not in fact provide the procedural safeguards Tesla believed it would, the descriptions of the Ratification in the 2024 proxy statement were inaccurate. These supposed disclosure deficiencies in turn undermined the Ratification s ability to serve as such a safeguard. Based on this and other rationales disputed by Tesla, the Delaware Chancery Court found that the shareholder vote was not fully informed and could not act as a safeguard. The Tornetta Opinions are the subject of a pending appeal by Tesla, and the descriptions herein should not be read to endorse or agree with the findings of fact or conclusions of law in either opinion. Tesla and the Board continue to believe that Ratification is a valid corporate action under Delaware law by Tesla and its shareholders at the time. Tesla is vigorously pursuing its appeal. Tesla s Current Compensation Conundrum Led the Board to Create the Special Committee As discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement, companies are encouraged to align their compensation practices with shareholders with pay-for-performance structures, and Tesla has long had a philosophy and history of being a leader in this domain by tying executive compensation to performance. Our compensation programs reflect our long-term ambitions and our startup origins in that such programs consist largely of equity awards. We believe that equity awards are an effective tool for retaining employees long term, as they vest incrementally over a period of time or upon the achievement of specified performance milestones intended to be achieved over the medium and long term. During periods in which our stock price and the underlying value of equity awards increase, their retentive impact is even greater. We believe that the potential for such increases also creates a culture of ownership that promotes holding equity, which in turn aligns the interests of our employees with the long-term interests of our shareholders. In particular, we believe that compensation for the individuals who are responsible for Tesla s strategic direction and operations should motivate them to achieve sustainable shareholder value and/or tangible milestones rather than simply remaining at Tesla or maintaining the status quo. This motivation is now of paramount importance given that Tesla has reached a critical inflection point as it prepares for a new era of transformative growth, one in which we will ask Mr. Musk to achieve more ambitious goals than ever. The ambition of these goals is outpaced only by the ambition of Mr. Musk s recently articulated Master Plan, Part IV, which envisions Tesla driving humanity towards Sustainable Abundance. Therefore, while we offer to our general employee population restricted stock units that will retain some value even if the market value of our stock decreases, grants made to executive officers generally have comprised stock option awards, which have zero initial value and accumulate value, if at all, only to the extent that our stock price increases following their grant, through the applicable vesting dates and until such stock options are ultimately exercised and the underlying shares are sold. Recently, we have made use of restricted stock in order to optimize Mr. Musk s compensation and provide features not available with stock options. As discussed above, the 2025 CEO Interim Award was structured as restricted stock in recognition of the compensation previously earned, but not yet fully delivered to Mr. Musk under the 2018 CEO Performance Award. Accordingly, restricted stock appropriately balanced the Board s desire to combine immediate voting rights upon issuance (consistent with the rights Mr. Musk would have had at the time under the 2018 CEO Performance Award had the options under that award been timely issued and exercised) with additional restrictions and vesting conditions designed to retain Mr. Musk. This design also aligns with ongoing shareholder feedback that resonates with the Board: shareholders have, over several years, frequently given Tesla feedback that it is important to them 28 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS that we find a way to retain and incentivize Mr. Musk. Further, the Board believes that the many posts on X, the letters written by shareholders to the Delaware Chancery Court expressing disagreement with the First Tornetta Opinion and, most importantly, the significant support received in the 2024 Ratification vote, clearly demonstrate that shareholders of this Company want this Board to retain Mr. Musk. In addition, the Board further believes that retaining Mr. Musk is in the best interests of Tesla. Following the Second Tornetta Opinion, the Board determined it could no longer wait for Delaware courts to definitively resolve these compensation issues, which are of critical importance to our shareholders, and needed to start a process to do just that. Background of the Special Committee On January 8, 2025, the Board formed the Special Committee at a meeting of the Board, with Mr. Musk and Mr. Kimbal Musk recusing themselves, in which the Board determined that it was in the best interests of Tesla to form a special committee, consisting of Ms. Denholm and Ms. Wilson-Thompson in their capacity as disinterested directors (the Special Committee ), to consider, evaluate and determine whether it would be in the best interests of Tesla to retain and incentivize Mr. Musk (including all alternatives (including no action)), and if so, any methods, approaches or manners (including any new compensation plans or awards) for doing so consistent with all applicable legal and other requirements (the Purpose ). With regard to this evaluation and determination, the Board authorized and empowered the Special Committee to, among other things, (i) prepare such analyses and make such conclusions as the Special Committee deems appropriate and in the best interests of Tesla with respect to its Purpose, (ii) undertake, direct and oversee such action(s) and make such appropriate determinations as necessary and appropriate to carry out the Purpose, and, from time to time in the Special Committee s discretion, seek additional authority from the Board depending on the circumstances, (iii) engage such independent advisors, including its own independent legal counsel, financial advisors and other applicable advisors, as the Special Committee deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its Purpose, and (iv) contact, obtain information from, consult with and direct Tesla s officers and employees (including Tesla s own advisors (whether legal or otherwise)) as the Special Committee deems necessary or appropriate to carry out the Purpose. While retaining ultimate decision-making power as to whether to accept the Special Committee s proposed recommendation, the Board committed not to take action with respect to the Purpose without the favorable recommendation of the Special Committee. The Board formed the Special Committee to support the objective that any proposed actions taken with respect to the incentivization and retention of Mr. Musk be developed in good faith by disinterested directors informed of all material facts, acting in the best interests of Tesla. Ms. Denholm and Ms. Wilson-Thompson bring extensive, lived experience working alongside senior management executives both outside and inside of Tesla that make them well qualified to understand what Mr. Musk means to Tesla. With over 30 years of experience in the senior management of leading technology companies such as Sun Microsystems, Juniper Networks and Telstra, Ms. Denholm brings a keen understanding of the art of motivating high-performing executives with operational and financial challenges. With 30 years in senior management, including at Kellogg and Walgreens, particularly as Chief Human Resources Officer, Ms. Wilson-Thompson offers profound insight into executive talent management and understands how to evaluate, motivate and incentivize executives to align with a company s mission and to deliver transformative shareholder value. Combined with years of experience (since 2014 for Ms. Denholm and since 2018 for Ms. Wilson-Thompson) as independent members of Tesla s Board, the Special Committee has had numerous firsthand opportunities to direc