=== TSLA_2026-01-29.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The discussion of such risks is not an indication that any such risks have occurred at the time of this filing. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are focused on bringing artificial intelligence ( AI ) into the real world, through products and services like Full Self-Driving ( FSD ) (Supervised) and Robotaxi, as well as working to develop and commercialize AI robots ( Bots ) (including Optimus). We intend to leverage our current operations, in which we design, develop, manufacture, sell and lease high-performance fully electric vehicles and energy generation and storage systems that increasingly deliver AI-related and enhanced software and services to our customers, to achieve that objective. We generally sell our products directly to customers, and continue to grow our global retail, service and charging footprint to accelerate the widespread adoption of our products. We emphasize performance, attractive styling and the safety of our users and workforce in the design and manufacture of our products and are continuing to develop full self-driving technology for improved safety. We also strive to lower the cost of ownership for our customers through continuous efforts to reduce manufacturing costs and by offering financial and other services tailored to our products. Our mission is building a world of amazing abundance. We believe that this mission, along with our engineering expertise, advancements in real-world AI, vertically integrated business model, and focus on user experience differentiate us from other companies. Segment Information We operate as two reportable segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage. The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, sales and leasing of high-performance fully electric vehicles as well as sales of automotive regulatory credits. Additionally, the automotive segment also includes services and other, which includes sales of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services and collision, paid Supercharging sessions, automotive insurance business revenue, part sales and retail merchandise sales. The energy generation and storage segment includes sales, leasing, and financing of energy generation and storage products, services related to such products and sales of energy generation incentives. Our Products and Services Automotive We currently manufacture five different consumer vehicles the Model 3, Y, S, X and Cybertruck. Model 3 is a four-door mid-size sedan that we designed for manufacturability with a base price for mass-market appeal. Model Y is a compact sport utility vehicle ( SUV ) built on the Model 3 platform with seating for up to seven adults. Model S is a four-door full-size sedan and Model X is a mid-size SUV with seating for up to seven adults. Model S and Model X feature the highest performance characteristics and longest ranges that we offer in a sedan and SUV, respectively. The Cybertruck is a full-size electric pickup truck with a stainless steel exterior that has the utility and strength of a truck while featuring the speed of a sports car. In 2022, we also began early production and deliveries of a commercial electric vehicle, the Tesla Semi. We have planned electric vehicles to address additional vehicle markets, and will continue leveraging developments in our proprietary Full Self-Driving ( FSD ) (Supervised) features, battery cell and other technologies. For purposes of this filing, use of the term FSD (Supervised) includes the equivalent naming convention, FSD (Capability) that is used in the European, Middle East and Asia-Pacific regions. In June 2025, we launched our Robotaxi service, an autonomous ride-hailing platform that harnesses our technology and vehicles. We expect this service will open access to an expanded customer base as modes of transportation evolve, and, along with products such as FSD (Supervised) subscriptions, unlock the potential to advance a service-driven business model based on AI, software and fleet-based profits. Our Robotaxi business currently operates with Model Y vehicles but, in time, will include Cybercab, our purpose-built autonomous vehicle. 2 Table of Contents Energy Generation and Storage Energy Storage Products Powerwall and Megapack are our lithium-ion battery energy storage products. Powerwall, which we sell and lease to customers, as well as through channel partners, is designed to store energy at homes or small commercial facilities. Megapack is an energy storage solution for commercial, industrial, utility and energy generation customers, multiple of which may be grouped together to form larger installations of gigawatt hours ( GWh ) or greater capacity. As AI infrastructure drives rapid load growth, Megapack helps to, among other things, increase utilization of existing generation and transmission capacity, resulting in a more efficient use of the electric grid. We also continue to develop software capabilities for remotely controlling and dispatching our energy storage systems across a wide range of markets and applications, including through our real-time energy control and optimization platforms for Megapack batteries (Autobidder) and distributed energy resources like Powerwall (Powerhub). Energy Generation Offerings We sell energy generation systems directly to customers and also through channel partners. We design and manufacture certain components for our energy generation products, including solar panels and Solar Roof, which combines premium glass roof tiles with energy generation. We also purchase many components for our energy generation systems from various third-party manufacturers to provide for competitive pricing and adequate supply. Technology Automotive Self-Driving Development and Artificial Intelligence We use AI to develop real-world applications, such as autonomous driving solutions and robots. We utilize vision-based technologies, systems and software to train our artificial neural networks, which are accelerated by our own in-house, custom designed inference chips. We are also applying our artificial intelligence learnings from self-driving technology to Bots, such as Optimus, a general purpose, autonomous humanoid robot in development. Currently, we offer in our customer vehicles certain advanced driver assistance systems. Although at present, same as in the past, the driver is responsible for remaining fully engaged in the driving operation, these systems provide safety and convenience functionality that may relieve drivers of many tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel much like the system that airplane pilots use, when conditions permit. As with other vehicle systems, we improve these functions in our customer vehicles through over-the-air software updates. Every Tesla vehicle delivered today is designed for autonomy, and we believe our capabilities and advancements in AI differentiate us from our competitors. Vehicle Control and Infotainment Software The performance and safety systems of our vehicles and their battery packs utilize sophisticated control software. Control systems in our vehicles optimize performance, customize vehicle behavior, manage charging and control all infotainment functions. We develop almost all of this software, including most of the user interfaces, internally and update our vehicles software regularly through over-the-air updates, and work to actively improve our software security with every release. Battery and Powertrain Our core vehicle technology competencies include powertrain engineering and manufacturing and our ability to design vehicles that utilize the unique advantages of an electric powertrain. We have designed our proprietary powertrain systems to be adaptable, efficient, reliable and cost-effective while withstanding the rigors of an automotive environment. We offer dual motor powertrain vehicles, which use two electric motors to maximize traction and performance in an all-wheel drive configuration, as well as vehicle powertrain technology featuring three electric motors for further increased performance in certain versions of Model S and Model X, Cybertruck and the Tesla Semi. We maintain extensive testing and R D capabilities for battery cells, packs and systems, and have built an expansive body of knowledge on lithium-ion cell chemistry types and performance characteristics. In order to enable a greater supply of cells for our products with higher energy density at lower costs, we have developed a new proprietary lithium-ion battery cell and improved manufacturing processes. 3 Table of Contents Energy Generation and Storage Energy Storage Products We leverage many of the component-level technologies from our vehicles in our energy storage products. By taking a modular approach to the design of battery systems, we can optimize manufacturing capacity of our energy storage products. Additionally, our expertise in power electronics enables our battery systems to interconnect with electricity grids while providing fast-acting systems for power injection and absorption. We have also developed software to remotely control and dispatch our energy storage systems. Further leveraging our capabilities in AI, every Tesla energy storage product is capable of being enhanced through firmware updates and optimized by our software platforms, particularly Powerhub (for distributed energy resources, including Powerwall-enabled virtual power plants) and Autobidder (for Megapack batteries). Energy Generation Systems We began manufacturing a new residential retrofit solar panel in 2025, and began initial customer deliveries in January 2026. We continue to manufacture Solar Roof, which has been engineered over numerous iterations to combine aesthetic appeal and durability with power generation. The efficiency of our energy generation products is aided by our own solar inverter, which incorporates our power electronics technologies. We designed both products to integrate with Powerwall. Infrastructure To support our businesses in clean energy and transport and autonomous robots, we are investing in and developing the necessary supporting infrastructure. This includes additional compute hardware to better enable the massive amounts of field data captured by our vehicles to continually train and improve these artificial neural networks for real-world performance. In 2025, we further expanded Cortex, our training cluster at Gigafactory Texas, and announced a new collaboration with Samsung to manufacture advanced semiconductors for AI inference and training in the U.S. We are currently building Cortex 2 at Gigafactory Texas to further increase our AI training compute capacity. In 2026, we will be ramping six new production lines across vehicle, Bots, energy storage and battery manufacturing, while further leveraging our existing factory, charging and service center footprints to support future growth. We are also focused on exploring additional opportunities independently and with strategic partners to develop bespoke and scalable solutions, including through vertical integration, to optimize for cost, functionality, efficiency and safety. Design and Engineering Automotive We have established significant in-house capabilities in the design and test engineering of electric vehicles and their components and systems. Our team has significant experience in computer-aided design as well as durability, strength and crash test simulations, which reduces the product development time of new models. We have also achieved complex engineering feats in stamping, casting and thermal systems, and developed a method to integrate batteries directly with vehicle body structures without separate battery packs to optimize manufacturability, weight, range and cost characteristics. We are focused on maximum capacity utilization at our factories, while taking action to localize our vehicle designs and production for particular markets, including country-specific market demands and factory optimizations for local workforces. As we increase our capabilities, particularly in the areas of automation, die-making and line-building, we are also making strides in the simulations modeling these capabilities prior to construction. Energy Generation and Storage Our expertise in electrical, mechanical, civil and software engineering allows us to design, engineer, manufacture and install energy generating and storage products and components, including at the residential through utility scale. For example, the integrated design of our Megapack products are intended to significantly reduce the amount of assembly required in the field. We also customize solutions including our energy storage products, energy generation systems and/or Solar Roof for customers to meet their specific needs. 4 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing Historically, we have been able to achieve sales without relying on traditional advertising and at relatively low marketing costs. We continue to monitor our public narrative and brand, and tailor our marketing efforts accordingly, including through investments in customer education and advertising as necessary. Automotive Direct Sales Our vehicle sales channels currently include our website and a global network of company-owned stores. In some jurisdictions, we also have galleries to educate and inform customers about our products, but such locations do not transact in the sale of vehicles. We believe this infrastructure enables us to better control costs of inventory, manage warranty service and pricing, educate consumers about electric vehicles, make our vehicles more affordable, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand and obtain rapid customer feedback. We reevaluate our sales strategy both globally and at a location-by-location level from time to time to optimize our sales channels. However, sales of vehicles in the automobile industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to volatility from time to time. Used Vehicle Sales Our used vehicle business supports new vehicle sales by integrating the trade-in of a customer s existing Tesla or non-Tesla vehicle with the sale of a new Tesla vehicle. The Tesla and non-Tesla vehicles we acquire as trade-ins, along with vehicles returned upon lease-end are subsequently remarketed, either directly by us or through third parties. Public Charging We have a growing global network of Tesla Superchargers, which are our industrial-grade, high-speed vehicle chargers. Where possible, we co-locate Superchargers with our solar and energy storage systems to reduce costs and promote renewable power. Supercharger stations are typically placed along well-traveled routes and in and around dense city centers to allow vehicle owners the ability to enjoy quick, reliable charging along an extensive network with convenient stops. Use of the Supercharger network either requires payment of a fee or is free under certain sales programs. We offer Supercharger access to non-Tesla vehicles in support of our mission, with all major automakers announcing their adoption of the North American Charging Standard (NACS) in certain markets. We continue to monitor and increase our network of Tesla Superchargers in anticipation of future demand, including with respect to our Robotaxi services. We also work with a wide variety of hospitality, retail and public destinations, as well as businesses with commuting employees, to offer additional charging options for our customers, as well as single-family homeowners and multi-family residential entities, to deploy home charging solutions. To accelerate dependable charging ubiquity, Superchargers are also available through our Supercharger for Business program, where third parties can purchase and install Superchargers and set the charging price, while Tesla remains responsible for software updates, network operations, maintenance and driver support. In 2025, we opened the first Tesla Diner in California, which offers Supercharging as well as Tesla themed food and merchandise. In-App Upgrades As our vehicles are capable of being updated remotely over-the-air, our customers may purchase additional paid options and features through the Tesla app or through the in-vehicle user interface, which also allows us to offer certain options and features on a subscription basis. Energy Generation and Storage We market and sell our solar and energy storage products to residential, commercial and industrial customers and utilities through a variety of channels, including through our website, stores and galleries, as well as through our network of channel partners, and in the case of some commercial customers, through PPA transactions. We emphasize simplicity, standardization and accessibility to make it easy and cost-effective for customers to adopt clean energy, while reducing our customer acquisition costs. 5 Table of Contents Service and Warranty Automotive Service We provide service for our electric vehicles at our company-owned service locations and through Tesla Mobile Service technicians who perform work remotely at customers homes or other locations. Servicing the vehicles ourselves allows us to identify problems and implement solutions and improvements faster than traditional automobile manufacturers and their dealer networks. The connectivity of our vehicles also allows us to diagnose and remedy many problems remotely and proactively. Vehicle Limited Warranties and Extended Service Plans We provide a manufacturer s limited warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell directly to consumers, which may include limited warranties on certain components, specific types of damage or battery capacity retention. We also currently offer optional extended service plans that provide coverage after the new vehicle limited warranties end for certain models in specified regions. Energy Generation and Storage We provide service and repairs to our energy product customers, including under warranty where applicable. We generally provide manufacturer s limited warranties with our energy storage products and offer certain extended limited warranties that are available at the time of purchase of the system. If we install a system, we also provide certain limited warranties on our installation workmanship. For retrofit energy generation systems, we provide separate limited warranties for workmanship and against roof leaks, and for Solar Roof, we also provide limited warranties for defects and weatherization. For components not manufactured by us, we generally pass-through the applicable manufacturers warranties. As part of our energy generation system and energy storage contracts, we may provide the customer with either certain availability or performance guarantees that commit that the underlying system will meet or exceed certain availability or minimum energy generation or performance requirements specified in the contract. Financial Services Automotive Purchase Financing and Leases We offer leasing and/or loan financing arrangements for our vehicles in certain jurisdictions in North America, Europe and/or Asia ourselves and through various financial institutions. Under certain of such programs, we have provided resale value guarantees or buyback guarantees that may obligate us to cover a resale loss up to a certain limit or repurchase the subject vehicles at pre-determined values. Insurance In 2021, we launched our insurance product using real-time driving behavior in select states, which offers rates that are often better than other alternatives and promotes safer driving. Our insurance products are currently available in 13 states and we plan to expand the markets in which we offer insurance products, as part of our ongoing effort to decrease the total cost of ownership for our customers. Energy Generation and Storage We offer certain financing options to our residential customers, including a new lease product that was launched in the fourth quarter of 2025, which enable choices to our customers to purchase and own or lease energy systems comprised of solar and/or Powerwall batteries. Our solar PPAs, offered primarily to commercial customers, charge a fee per kilowatt-hour based on the amount of electricity produced by our energy generation systems. 6 Table of Contents Manufacturing We currently have manufacturing facilities in the U.S. in California, New York, Texas and Nevada. At these facilities, we manufacture and assemble, among other things, vehicles, certain vehicle parts and components, such as our battery packs and battery cells, energy storage components and systems and solar products and components. Internationally, we also have manufacturing facilities in China and Germany, which allows us to increase the affordability of our vehicles for customers in local markets by reducing transportation and manufacturing costs and limiting the impact of unfavorable tariffs. Generally, we continue to expand production capacity at our existing facilities, and strive to increase cost-competitiveness in our significant markets by strategically adding local manufacturing, including through partnerships with suppliers. Supply Chain Our products use parts sourced from thousands of suppliers globally. We have developed close relationships with key partners that supply battery cells, electronics and complex vehicle assemblies. Certain components purchased from these suppliers are shared or are similar across many product lines, allowing us to take advantage of pricing efficiencies through economies of scale. As is the case for some OEM companies, some of our procured components and systems are sourced from single suppliers. Where multiple sources are available for certain key components, we work to qualify multiple suppliers for them where it is sensible to do so in order to minimize potential production risks due to disruptions in their supply. We also mitigate risk by maintaining safety stock for key parts and assemblies and die banks for components with lengthy procurement lead times. Our products use various raw materials including aluminum, steel, lithium, nickel and copper. Pricing for these materials is governed by market conditions and may fluctuate due to various factors outside of our control, such as supply and demand and market speculation. We strive to execute long-term supply contracts for such materials at competitive pricing when feasible, and actively manage supply of raw materials to meet the needs of our operations. We continue to localize and de-risk our supply chains across regions, including through vertical integration where possible, such as our in-house lithium refinery in Texas, which began operations in January 2026. Governmental Programs, Incentives and Regulations Globally, the ownership of our products by our customers is impacted by various government credits, incentives, and policies. Our business and products are also subject to numerous governmental regulations that vary among jurisdictions. The operation of our business is also impacted by various government programs, incentives, and other arrangements. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Programs and Incentives Inflation Reduction Act Modified by the OBBBA On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) was enacted into law and is effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The IRA included multiple incentives to promote clean energy, electric vehicles, battery and energy storage manufacture or purchase, including through providing tax credits to consumers. These IRA incentives were subsequently substantially curtailed by the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA ) enacted on July 4, 2025, which repeals individual consumer tax credits for electric vehicles and residential energy property, and imposes more stringent eligibility requirements, accelerated phase-outs, and termination of certain provisions, although some of the IRA incentives remain available under the revised requirements. Automotive Regulatory Credits We earn tradable credits in the operation of our automotive business under various regulations. We sell these credits globally to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. Sales of these credits are recognized within automotive regulatory credits revenue in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Governmental and regulatory actions, such as the OBBBA, have restricted certain regulatory credit programs tied to our products. 7 Table of Contents Energy Storage System Incentives and Policies While the regulatory regime for energy storage projects is still under development, there are various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms at the federal, state and local levels that support the adoption of energy storage. For example, energy storage systems may be eligible for the U.S. federal tax credits described below. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) has also taken steps to enable the participation of energy storage in wholesale energy markets. In addition, California and a number of other states have adopted procurement targets for energy storage, and behind-the-meter energy storage systems qualify for funding under the California Self Generation Incentive Program. Our customers primarily benefit directly under these programs. In certain instances our customers may transfer such credits to us as contract consideration. In such transactions, they are included as a component of energy generation and storage revenues in our consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Pursuant to the IRA, as modified by the OBBBA, under Sections 48, 48E and 25D of the Internal Revenue Code ( IRC ), standalone energy storage technology is eligible for a tax credit between 6% and 50% of qualified expenditures, regardless of the source of energy, which may be claimed by our customers for storage systems they purchase or by us for arrangements where we own the systems. Residential credits expired on December 31, 2025, and commercial credits are currently scheduled to phase out in 2034 or later. Energy Generation System Incentives and Policies U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives include tax credits, cash grants, tax abatements and rebates. In particular, pursuant to the IRA, as modified by the OBBBA, Sections 48, 48E and 25D of the IRC provides a tax credit between 6% and 70% of qualified commercial or residential expenditures for solar energy generation systems, which may be claimed by our customers for systems they purchase, or by us for arrangements where we own the systems for properties that meet statutory requirements. Residential credits expired on December 31, 2025. Commercial credits are currently scheduled to expire for solar facilities placed in service after December 31, 2027, subject to the exceptions of projects beginning construction on or before July 4, 2026. Regulations Vehicle Safety and Testing In the U.S., our vehicles are subject to regulation by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ), including all applicable Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards ( FMVSS ) and the NHTSA bumper standard. Numerous FMVSS apply to our vehicles, such as crash-worthiness and occupant protection requirements. Our current vehicles fully comply and we expect that our vehicles in the future will fully comply with all applicable FMVSS with limited or no exemptions; however, FMVSS are subject to change from time to time. As a manufacturer, we must self-certify that our vehicles meet all applicable FMVSS and the NHTSA bumper standard, or otherwise are exempt, before the vehicles may be imported or sold in the U.S. We are also required to comply with other federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements, labeling requirements and other information provided to customers in writing, Early Warning Reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death and injury reports and foreign recalls, a Standing General Order requiring reports regarding certain crashes involving vehicles equipped with advanced driver assistance systems, and additional requirements for cooperating with compliance, defect and safety investigations and recall reporting. The U.S. Automobile Information and Disclosure Act also requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information regarding the manufacturer s suggested retail price, optional equipment and pricing. In addition, federal law requires inclusion of fuel economy ratings, as determined by the U.S. Department of Transportation and the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), and New Car Assessment Program ratings as determined by NHTSA, if available. Our vehicles sold outside of the U.S. are subject to similar foreign compliance, safety, environmental and other regulations. Many of those regulations are different from those applicable in the U.S. and may require redesign and/or retesting. Some of those regulations impact or prevent the rollout of new vehicle features. 8 Table of Contents Regulation of Autonomous Vehicles and Autonomous Vehicle Ride-Hailing Genera