=== MAA_2026-04-06.htm.gz ===
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 MID-AMERICA APARTMENT COMMUNITIES, INC. 2026 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS AND PROXY STATEMENT www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MAA2026 Tuesday, May 19, 2026 12:30 p.m. CDT INTRODUCTION TO MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS I am pleased to invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. The meeting will be held at 12:30 p.m., Central Daylight Time, on Tuesday, May 19, 2026. We will be conducting the meeting online in order to provide all of our shareholders the same opportunity to participate as they would have at an in-person meeting, including the right to vote and the ability to ask questions through the virtual meeting platform. We believe a virtual-only format allows equal access to our shareholders as it eliminates both the time and cost associated with physically attending the meeting for our geographically dispersed shareholders and any other limitations of our shareholders, associates and directors. The Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement, both of which accompany this letter, provide details regarding the business to be conducted during the meeting. Your vote on the proposals to be voted upon during the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is important to us, and I encourage you to vote in advance, regardless of whether you plan to virtually attend the meeting or not. I would like to recognize two of our directors who, pursuant to MAA s mandatory retirement policy, will not be eligible to stand for re-election at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Claude B. Nielsen joined our Board of Directors in October 2013 as part of our merger with Colonial Properties Trust after having served on the Colonial Properties Trust Board of Trustees for 20 years. His expertise and guidance helped ensure a smooth and successful integration of our companies. I am also grateful for his dedication in developing a more formal and thorough succession planning framework as the chairman of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee that ultimately resulted in our successful CEO transition in 2025. Gary S. Shorb joined our Board of Directors in May 2012. His acumen in leading a company in a highly regulated industry has been invaluable to our Audit Committee s oversight of risks and controls as well as our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s oversight of regulatory governance compliance and ethical business operations. I thank them both for their years of dedicated service and valuable guidance. Should all director nominees be elected at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the size of the Board of Directors will be reduced to nine members. While we may temporarily increase the size of the Board of Directors from time to time as we execute our long-term succession plans, it is the position of the Board of Directors that, at this time, a nine-member board provides an appropriate balance of expertise and experience, divergent viewpoints and independent voices with efficiency of operations and overall cost control for MAA s current needs. Along with the other members of the Board of Directors and my fellow MAA associates, I thank you for your support and interest in MAA, and I look forward to hosting you at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Sincerely, H. Eric Bolton, Jr. Chairman of the Board of Directors April 6, 2026 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 INTRODUCTION DEFINED TERMS, ACRONYMS AND ABBREVIATIONS MEETING AND MATERIALS Annual Meeting 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. Annual Meeting Notice Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Annual Report Annual Report to Shareholders for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Beneficial Shareholder A Beneficial Shareholder is a shareholder whose shares are held by a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee. Such shares are often referred to as being held in Street Name. MAA, the Company, we, us, our Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. Notice of Internet Availability Notice Regarding Internet Availability of Proxy Materials Proxy Statement This Proxy Statement Shareholder of Record or Registered Shareholder A Shareholder of Record, also referred to as a Registered Shareholder, is a shareholder who owns their shares directly through MAA s transfer agent, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. Voter Instruction Form Instructions included with proxy materials provided to Beneficial Shareholders by a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee. EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 401(K) Plan MAA 401(K) Savings Plan 2023 Omnibus Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan AIP Annual Incentive Plan CAP Compensation Actually Paid CEO Brad Hill who was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President effective April 1, 2025 Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Director Deferred Compensation Plan Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Company Directors Executive Deferred Compensation Plan Non-Qualified Executive Deferred Compensation Plan FAD Funds Available for Distribution FFO Funds From Operations FFO per Share Funds From Operations per Diluted Common Share and Unit Former CEO H. Eric Bolton, Jr. who retired as CEO on March 31, 2025 LTIP Long-Term Incentive Program NEO Named Executive Officer NOI Net Operating Income Pearl Meyer Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC SS Same Store TSR Total Shareholder Return ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING ASC Accounting Standards Codification FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Financial Expert Audit committee financial expert as defined under Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K GENERAL TERMS AND COMMON ABBREVIATIONS Board Refers to the Board of Directors of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. CAO Chief Administrative Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer CIO Chief Investment Officer CSAO Chief Strategy Analysis Officer Director A current member of the Board of Directors of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. Director Nominees The individuals being presented for shareholder approval at the Annual Meeting to serve as directors of MAA until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders ERM Enterprise Risk Management EVP Executive Vice President GC General Counsel NYSE New York Stock Exchange REIT Real Estate Investment Trust SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission SVP Senior Vice President 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2 INTRODUCTION TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION Pages 4-8 4 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 5 New and Notable 5 Additional Information and Resources 6 Proxy Highlights PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Pages 9-38 9 The Board s Role and Responsibilities 11 Board Structure and Composition 16 Additional Board Governance 22 Process for Identifying and Selecting Director Nominees 25 Director Nominees for Election 36 Non-Management Director Compensation PROPOSAL 2: EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Pages 39-70 40 Executive Officers of the Registrant 41 Compensation Discussion and Analysis (section Table of Contents on page 41) 56 Compensation Committee Report 57 Executive Compensation Tables 66 CEO Pay Ratio 67 Pay Versus Performance PROPOSAL 3: INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 Pages 71-74 72 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 72 Audit Committee Policies 74 Audit Committee Report SECURITIES OWNERSHIP Pages 75-76 75 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 75 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 76 Security Ownership of Management GENERAL INFORMATION Pages 77-81 77 Meeting Information 78 Voting Information 79 Meeting Materials Information 81 Matters Related to the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 81 Questions NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Pages 82-83 OTHER MATTERS Page 84 Cautionary information and forward-looking statements This document may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995as well as protections afforded by other federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical or current facts, including statements regarding our environmental and other sustainability plans and goals, made in this document are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, plans, seeks, estimates, forecasts, projects, assumes, will, may, could, should, budget, target, outlook, proforma, opportunity, guidance and variations of such words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations and are inherently uncertain. The forward-looking statements in this document are subject to certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors including the risks relating to the Company s strategy, operations and performance and the financial, legal, tax, regulatory, compliance, reputational, and other factors discussed in Risk Factors in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10- K for fiscal year 2024 and subsequent filings with the SEC, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying any forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such forward-looking statements may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in any forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 INTRODUCTION NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS ITEMS OF BUSINESS Board Recommendation Page MEETING INFORMATION 1. Elect the nine Director Nominees named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. FOR each Director Nominee 9 Date and Time Annual Meeting Website Tuesday, May 19, 2026 Shareholders can access materials and vote prior to the Annual Meeting by using their 16-digit Control Number to log into www.ProxyVote.com. 12:30 p.m. CDT Virtual Meeting Access Shareholders may participate in the Annual Meeting by using their 16-digit Control Number to log into www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MAA2026. During the meeting, shareholders will be able to ask questions related to the items of business to be considered and access additional materials including the Agenda and Rules of Conduct for the meeting, as well as the shareholder list. 2. Advisory (non-binding) vote to approve NEO compensation. FOR 39 Record Date 3. Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as MAA s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. FOR 71 Shareholders of record at the close of business on Friday, March 13, 2026, are entitled to receive this notice and to vote on the items of business. In addition to the above matters, shareholders will also consider any other business as may properly come before the meeting or adjournment or postponement thereof. Access Materials www.ProxyVote.com or Your vote is important to us . Regardless of whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares in advance of the meeting. To ensure that all of our shareholders are afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate, the 2026 MAA Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held as a virtual meeting via the internet. Shareholders will be able to view the shareholder list, ask questions related to the items of business being considered and vote during the meeting through the virtual meeting platform. By Order of the Board of Directors, Leslie B.C. Wolfgang Board Secretary April 6, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 19, 2026 The following materials are available at http://materials.ProxyVote.com/59522J Notice of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 19, 2026 2026 Proxy Statement Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 A Notice Regarding the Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the proxy statement, form of proxy and accompanying materials are first being sent to shareholders on or about April 6, 2026. Call 800-579-1639 You will need your 16-digit Control Number Additional information and Guest instructions can be found in the Proxy Statement. HOW TO VOTE Early Vote Online Vote During the Meeting www.ProxyVote.com To vote during the meeting use your 16-digit Control Number to log into www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MAA2026. Log in with your 16-digit Control Number Early Vote by Phone 800-690-6903 You will need your 16-digit Control Number Beneficial Owners Not all Beneficial Owners will be able to utilize one of these voting methods. If your Control Number is not recognized, please refer to the instructions provided to you by your bank or broker. Early Vote by Mail Sign, date and follow the instructions on your Proxy Card or Voter Instruction Form to submit your vote by mail. QR Code Scan the QR code on your Proxy Card or Voter Instruction Form 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 4 INTRODUCTION NEW AND NOTABLE Under our mandatory age limitation policy that supports director refreshment, Claude B. Nielsen and Gary S. Shorb are not eligible to be nominated for election by shareholders at the Annual Meeting. As such, you will not find them in our list of director nominees. Should he be elected by shareholders at the Annual Meeting, David P. Stockert will serve as the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Should all of the director nominees be elected by shareholders, the size of the Board will decrease to nine as we continue to proactively execute our long-term director succession plan to replace skills, experience and expertise of retiring directors, add new capabilities and contributions to meet evolving and expected future business needs, and expand the diversity of the Board to establish a breadth of perspectives, while managing the size, cost and efficiency of Board operations. Due to the planned succession on April 1, 2025, H. Eric Bolton, Jr., who currently serves as Executive Chairman, will be identified as the Former CEO or Executive Chairman and Brad Hill will be identified as the CEO or CEO and President throughout this Proxy Statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND RESOURCES Information in this Proxy Statement focuses on the business to be brought before the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. As a result, it may not include all information of interest to each of our shareholders or other interested parties. Below, we have listed resources that provide expanded discussions on several topics that may be of interest. Please note that any websites, materials or documents listed below (or throughout this Proxy Statement) are not incorporated by reference in this Proxy Statement. CYBERSECURITY Discussions on Board and Audit Committee oversight of our cybersecurity platform can be found in this Proxy Statement on pages 14 and 17. For additional information and discussion regarding our cybersecurity risk management program and cybersecurity risks, we encourage you to read Item 1C. Cybersecurity and Item 1A. Risk Factors We rely on information technology systems in our operations, and any breach or security failure of those systems could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2026. https://www.sec.gov BYLAWS AND CHARTER For copies of our Bylaws and Charter, visit the SEC website. https://www.sec.gov Bylaws : Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K that was filed on December 13, 2023 Charter : Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed on February 24, 2017 OTHER GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS For copies of MAA s corporate governance documents, visit our investor relations website. ir.maac.com/overview/corporate-governance Corporate Governance Guidelines Code of Conduct Whistleblower Policy Communications with the Board Committee Charters Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Real Estate Investment Committee HUMAN CAPITAL You can find additional disclosures related to our human capital in the Item 1. Business section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2026. https://www.sec.gov In addition, our Human Rights Statement can be viewed on our website. ir.maac.com/overview/Sustainability CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Because our corporate responsibility initiatives impact all areas of our Company, you will not find a dedicated corporate responsibility section in this Proxy Statement. Rather, to assist shareholders in evaluating the matters being presented for approval at the Annual Meeting, the Proxy Statement primarily incorporates corporate responsibility concepts that are directly related to the meeting proposals. For a better understanding of our entire corporate responsibility program, we encourage you to read the documents referenced below that provide enhanced discussions and more detailed information regarding our progress and commitments towards our people empowerment, portfolio resiliency, and stakeholder engagement objectives. They are available on our website. ir.maac.com/overview/Sustainability Corporate Sustainability Reports Policy on Political Contributions Vendor Code of Conduct Human Rights Statement COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS You can use the address below to contact the Board. Please indicate the appropriate recipient. Board of Directors Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Real Estate Investment Committee Independent Directors Non-Management Directors MAA ATTN: [Board or Group Name] c/o Board Secretary 6815 Poplar Ave., Ste. 500 Germantown, TN 38138 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 INTRODUCTION PROXY HIGHLIGHTS proposal 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Below are summary details of the director nominees being presented to shareholders for approval at the Annual Meeting. Pages 26-27 have expanded schedules including key knowledge and experience of each director nominee. You can find additional details on each director nominee on pages 28-36. In alignment with the Board s proactive long-term succession plans, the size of the Board will decrease to nine members. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the Election of Directors. DIRECTOR NOMINEES AGE GENDER RACE TENURE OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS POSITION COMMITTEES (Pending Election) A C NCG REI H. Eric Bolton, Jr. Chairman MANAGEMENT 69 M W 1997 2 Executive Chairman (Former CEO) of MAA CHAIR Deborah H. Caplan INDEPENDENT 63 F W 2023 2 Former EVP, Human Resources and Corporate Services of NextEra Energy, Inc. CHAIR John P. Case INDEPENDENT 62 M W 2023 1 Former CEO, President and CIO of Realty Income Corp. Tamara Fischer INDEPENDENT Financial Expert 70 F W 2023 2 Executive Chairman of National Storage Affiliates Trust Alan B. Graf, Jr. LEAD INDEPENDENT Financial Expert 72 M W 2002 None Former EVP and CFO of FedEx Corporation CHAIR Brad Hill MANAGEMENT 50 M W 2025 None CEO and President of MAA Edith Kelly-Green INDEPENDENT Financial Expert 73 F AA 2020 None Founding Partner of JKG Properties LLC and The KGR Group Past VP and Chief Sourcing Officer of FedEx Express Sheila K. McGrath INDEPENDENT 61 F W 2024 3 Former Senior Managing Director of Evercore ISI David P. Stockert INDEPENDENT 64 M W 2016 1 Former CEO and President of Post Properties, Inc. CHAIR AA = African American, W = White A = Audit, C = Compensation, NCG = Nominating and Corporate Governance, REI = Real Estate Investment Age is as of May 19, 2026, the meeting date for the Annual Meeting. AGGREGATE DIRECTOR NOMINEE DEMOGRAPHICS The Board considers diversity of its membership to be a key component of long-term success and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has identified diversity in the following criteria, as well as diversity in experience and expertise, among other items, to be important criteria for potential director candidates in order to proactively provide diverse representation within its membership, reflective of our investors, associates and residents. Additional details and more information regarding the election of directors can be found in PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS that starts on page 9 of this Proxy Statement. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 6 INTRODUCTION PROXY HIGHLIGHTS PROPOSAL 2: EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION Below are summary details of 2025 target and earned compensation presented to shareholders for approval at the Annual Meeting. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Proxy Statement can be found on pages 41-56. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR Executive Officer Compensation. 2025 TARGET COMPENSATION (1) Values for current and former CEOs reflect blended target values for their respective roles before and after the leadership transition effective April 1, 2025. ACTUAL INCENTIVE PLAN METRIC PERFORMANCE The charts below compare the actual performance results for metrics with performance periods ending on December 31, 2025, against the performance ranges within their respective plans, as calculated per the plans. Potential payouts are subject to maximum award funding caps per the respective incentive plan, with no payouts for performance below designated threshold levels. Reconciliations of Net income available for MAA common shareholders to Core FFO per Share, SS NOI and FAD are set forth in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section on pages 82-83. 2025 AIP CORE FFO PER SHARE 2025 LTIP FAD (in millions) Performance Range Performance Period Threshold Actual Target Maximum Threshold Target Actual Maximum $ 8.61 $ 8.74 $ 8.77 $ 8.93 $ 666.50 $ 685.71 $ 696.08 $ 704.91 Performance range equals initial 2025 guidance. Performance range equals FAD underlying initial 2025 guidance. 2025 AIP SS NOI GROWTH 2023 LTIP ANNUALIZED 3-YR TSR Performance Range Performance Period Threshold Actual Target Maximum Actual Threshold Target Maximum -2.15% -1.36% -1.15% -0.15% -1.47% 0.07% 4.07% 8.07% Performance range equals initial 2025 guidance. Target based on the Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Apartments Index. DIRECT COMPENSATION REALIZED IN 2025 TOTAL TOTALS AS AWARDED 2025 2025 AIP 2023 LTIP DIRECT SHARES OF SALARY CORE FFO SS NOI FUNCTIONAL 2025 LTIP (1) 3-YR TSR COMPENSATION RESTRICTED RECEIVED PER SHARE GROWTH GOALS SERVICE FAD (2) REALIZED (3) CASH STOCK Bolton, Former CEO $884,988 $ 709,995 $232,012 N/A $ 735,528 $1,699,008 $- $4,261,531 $1,826,995 17,526 Hill, CEO $712,019 $ 579,075 $283,880 $320,945 $ 655,933 $1,515,091 $- $4,066,943 $1,895,919 15,629 Holder, CFO $519,215 $ 281,986 $138,220 $145,244 $ 219,061 $ 506,049 $- $1,809,775 $1,084,665 5,220 DelPriore, CAO and GC $599,499 $ 335,440 $164,433 $190,286 $ 306,297 $ 707,469 $- $2,303,424 $1,289,658 7,298 Argo, CSAO $469,783 $ 234,720 $115,056 $110,224 $ 158,496 $ 366,306 $- $1,454,585 $ 929,783 3,778 Fairbanks, Property Management $418,702 $ 189,907 $ 93,084 $ 88,553 $ 117,101 $ 270,458 $- $1,177,805 $ 790,246 2,790 (1) Represents shares of restricted stock granted or earned in 2025, valued at the closing stock price of $138.91 on December 31, 2025. (2) No awards were earned. (3) Total direct compensation realized includes salary received during 2025, annual bonuses earned under the 2025 AIP, value of awards earned under the 2025 LTIP for the service shares and FAD metric (for which the performance period ended on December 31, 2025) based on the closing stock price on December 31, 2025 of $138.91, and value of awards earned under the 2023 LTIP for the 3-Year TSR metric (for which the performance period ended on December 31, 2025) based on the closing stock price on December 31, 2025 of $138.91. Additional detail and more information regarding executive compensation can be found in PROPOSAL 2: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION starting on page 39. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 INTRODUCTION PROXY HIGHLIGHTS PROPOSAL 3: RATIFY ERNST YOUNG LLP A representative of Ernst Young LLP will attend the Annual Meeting to make a statement if they so desire and to answer any appropriate questions presented by shareholders. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR Ernst Young LLP to serve as MAA s Independent Registered Public Accounting firm for 2026. PRACTICES RELATED TO THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM AUDIT COMMITTEE PRACTICES Sole authority to appoint or replace the independent registered public accounting firm Pre-approves all auditing services Pre-approves all permitted non-audit services Annual evaluation of independent registered public accounting firm s performance Routine separate executive sessions with representatives of the independent registered public accounting firm as well as with management and the Director of Internal Audit Maintains an anonymous whistleblower platform Ensures the rotation of the lead audit partner and audit engagement team members of the independent registered public accounting firm All members of the Audit Committee are independent Consists of three Audit Committee members who qualify as financial experts MAA PRACTICES Will not hire an individual who is concurrently an employee of the independent registered public accounting firm Will not hire an individual in an accounting or financial reporting oversight role if in a position to influence our independent registered public accounting firm s operations or policies CFO or Principal Accounting Officer must approve the hiring of individuals who previously served on our independent registered public accounting firm s audit engagement team Cooling off period required for individuals who previously served on our independent registered public accounting firm s audit engagement team to serve in an accounting or financial reporting oversight role Disclose all individuals hired who previously served on our independent registered public accounting firm s audit engagement team to the Audit Committee AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES 2025 2024 Audit Fees $2,137,195 $2,314,925 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees 339,603 534,863 All Other Fees - - Total Fees $2,476,798 $2,849,788 The Audit Committee has pre-approved all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since 2002 and has determined that the nature and level of non-audit-related services that Ernst Young LLP provides us is compatible with maintaining the independence of Ernst Young LLP. See page 72 for more information regarding audit and non-audit fees. Additional detail and more information regarding the ratification of Ernst Young LLP to serve as MAA s independent registered accounting firm can be found on pages 71-74. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 8 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board recommends you vote FOR each Director Nominee MATTER TO BE VOTED Election of the nine Director Nominees named herein to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Our Board proposes that the following Director Nominees be elected for a term of one year. H. Eric Bolton, Jr. Deborah H. Caplan John P. Case Tamara Fischer Alan B. Graf, Jr. Brad Hill Edith Kelly-Green Sheila K. McGrath David P. Stockert VOTE REQUIRED Each Director Nominee will be elected if there is a quorum at the Annual Meeting, either in person virtually or by proxy, and the votes cast FOR each Director Nominee exceed the votes cast AGAINST each Director Nominee. We have no reason to believe that any of the Director Nominees will not agree or be available to serve as a Director, if elected. However, should any Director Nominee become unable or unwilling to serve, the proxies may be voted for a substitute director nominee or to allow the vacancy to remain open until filled by our Board. IMPACT OF ABSTENTIONS: Abstentions will have no legal effect on whether each Director Nominee is approved. IMPACT OF BROKER NON-VOTES: Broker non-votes will have no legal effect on whether each Director Nominee is approved. We believe that the slate of Director Nominees presented for election at the Annual Meeting possesses the range and depth of expertise and experience required to successfully perform the Board s roles and responsibilities. The Director Nominees also reflect execution of our proactive long-term succession plans to address director retirements, dynamic Company needs and board refreshment. To assist you with your consideration of the Director Nominees, the following pages provide discussions detailing the Board s role and responsibilities, structure and composition, governance practices, process for identifying and selecting director nominees, director compensation and detailed qualification discussions for each Director Nominee presented for approval. THE BOARD S ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Board is elected by shareholders to represent shareholder interests in the long-term success of MAA. Except for matters voted upon by shareholders, the Board acts as the ultimate decision maker of MAA. While management is responsible for the daily operations of MAA, the Board operates in an oversight capacity. KEY BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES STRATEGY Strategic planning and oversight of management s execution of MAA s strategic vision is one of the primary areas of responsibility of the Board. Our short and long-term strategic plans encompass all aspects of our operations including market and portfolio investments, technology and cybersecurity investments, customer experience, human capital recruitment, retention and development, capital market access and balance sheet strength, financial statement integrity and performance expectations, environmental and community responsibilities, enterprise risk management and our dividend policy, as well as many other areas. To execute this oversight responsibility, the Board annually meets with management to discuss planned changes from previous strategies, market and economic projections, peer performance benchmarking data, industry and regulatory trends, areas of focus for each functional area, expected financial statement and shareholder investment impacts, resource requirements, human capital needs and development as well as execution risks, among other topics. The result of this analysis is the setting of our annual and long-term strategy that includes stress test scenarios and becomes the basis for our annual guidance to the market. The Board delegates oversight responsibility for the execution of certain aspects of our strategy to its committees to allow for more in-depth evaluation and oversight by those Directors with expertise and knowledge specifically related to the area, including mitigation of associated risks. The committees update the Board on their respective areas of oversight at each Board meeting. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Compensation Committee incorporates both short and long-term aspects of the strategy in compensation packages for our NEOs to encourage thoughtful execution of the strategy by the leadership team. The Audit Committee considers financial risks associated with strategic plans, cybersecurity and technology needs, as well as other aspects. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers developing plans and expertise needs as it executes our director succession plans and determines director nominees for shareholder approval. Throughout the year, the Board and its committees receive updates from management and actively engage in further discussions regarding execution of the strategy, variables impacting results and potential changes to the strategic plan. These updates, at minimum, take the form of monthly reports from the CEO that include financial statement results, quarterly functional reports from management on developments in key areas, quarterly in-person updates to the Board by each committee on their areas of responsibility, and quarterly in-person discussions with executive management and the CEO during Board meetings. The Board and its committees also hold additional meetings, as required, to perform their respective duties. From time to time, the Board will also invite third-party experts to meet with the Board or its committees or review third-party reports discussing developing trends and their views on MAA s efforts on various topics, including, markets, sector and industry trends, cybersecurity, balance sheet opportunities, and executive compensation, among other topics. This not only provides the Board with viewpoints beyond management s, but also serves to add additional expertise and experience to Board discussions. The Board generally holds one of its quarterly meetings in a different MAA market each year allowing the Board to visit several properties representing different aspects of MAA s strategy. The Board believes these on-site visits offer additional insight into MAA s markets, operations, resident base, human capital management, technology usage and allocation of capital investments, providing better insight and oversight of the Company s strategies. RISK OVERSIGHT While management is responsible for the day-to-day management of our risk exposures, both the Board as a whole and its respective committees serve active roles in overseeing the management of our risks. Our Board or its committees regularly review, with members of our executive and senior management teams, as well as outside advisors, information regarding our strategy and key areas of the Company including operations, transaction and development investments, finance and accounting, information technology and cybersecurity efforts, various aspects of human capital management, legal and regulatory requirements, environmental and community engagement, as well as the risks associated with each. In addition, the Board periodically reviews the results of our enterprise-wide risk management efforts and receives legal and operational updates from executive management at quarterly meetings and on a more frequent ad hoc basis, if necessary. Senior management as well as outside advisors, from time to time, also periodically meet with the Board or committees to provide educational and best practice information related to oversight of various areas of risk or make representations associated with their respective risk oversight responsibilities. A summary list of the key areas of oversight responsibilities handled by each committee follows. AUDIT COMMITTEE Accounting practices and policies Internal controls over financial reporting Tax, including REIT compliance Fraud assessments Financial policies Internal and external audits Cybersecurity and data privacy Ethics and compliance programs Related party transactions Whistleblower submissions and investigations Independence of independent registered public accounting firm Corporate responsibility controls and disclosures COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Executive compensation Non-employee Director compensation Risks associated with Company-wide compensation practices and policies for all associates Independence of compensation consultant NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Corporate governance and governance policies Independence of Board Conflicts of interest Board and committee composition Political contributions CEO and director succession planning The Board and its committees continuously evaluate their oversight of risk management and periodically enhance their procedures or direct the Company to make enhancements or provide enhanced disclosures to shareholders regarding risk management as required by regulations or as they deem to be in the best interest of shareholders. SUCCESSION PLANNING The Board is responsible for appointing our CEO and for ensuring that adequate succession plans are in place to address both planned CEO succession as well as potential unexpected or emergency succession needs. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees and maintains succession planning for both the Board and CEO, routinely obtaining input from and updating the Board on succession plan reviews and changes resulting from changes in strategy, developing needs of the organization, changes in leadership and the results of human capital development activities. In addition to addressing the dynamic needs of the Company, the Board s proactive long-term succession plans, focus on ensuring that required expertise and experience are determined, and candidates are identified, developed and put in place, prior to planned departures in order to ensure a smooth transition and limit any distraction to the Company. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 10 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board with succession responsibilities and also oversees succession planning and associate development of executive and senior management positions to ensure adequate bench strength is developed and available to meet the long-term needs of MAA. The CEO and other executive management periodically update the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board on senior management succession plans including associate development plans and areas of risk. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may, from time to time, engage external consultants to assist or advise with succession planning endeavors at its discretion and as it deems appropriate. You can find more details regarding Board succession planning and identification of potential director nominees on pages 22-25. The Board has exposure to internal succession candidates on an ongoing basis, generally meeting with executives both inside and outside of Board meetings at least four times a year and also periodically meeting with key senior managers. The Board and its committees have direct access to all members of the leadership team with and without the CEO and/or Executive Chairman present. The Compensation Committee considers succession planning input from the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee when determining compensation packages for the Board and NEOs. BOARD STRUCTURE AND COMPOSITION We believe that our current Board leadership model combined with our corporate governance policies and documents, strikes an appropriate balance between informed and consistent leadership and independent oversight and perspective, allowing for efficiency and accountability, ultimately creating an environment for the effective execution of the Board s responsibilities. 2025 BOARD COMPOSITION Name Age (2) Gender Director Since MAA Committee Memberships Race Audit Compensation Nominating Governance Real Estate Investment H. Eric Bolton, Jr. (1) Chairman Executive Chairman, Former CEO Management 69 Male 1997 White Chair Deborah H. Caplan (1) Independent 63 Female 2023 White Chair X John P. Case (1) Independent 62 Male 2023 White X X Tamara Fischer (1) Independent 70 Female 2023 White Financial Expert X Alan B. Graf, Jr. (1) Lead Independent 72 Male 2002 White Chair Financial Expert Edith Kelly-Green (1) Independent 73 Female 2020 African American Financial Expert X Brad Hill (1) CEO Management 50 Male 2025 White X James K. Lowder (3) Independent 76 Male 2013 White X Until May 20, 2025 X Until May 20, 2025 Thomas H. Lowder (3) Independent 76 Male 2013 White X Until May 20, 2025 X Until May 20, 2025 Sheila K. McGrath (1) Independent 61 Female 2024 White X X Claude B. Nielsen (1) Independent 75 Male 2013 White X Chair W. Reid Sanders (4) Independent 76 (4) Male 2010 White X Until January 16, 2025 Gary S. Shorb (1) Independent 75 Male 2012 White X X David P. Stockert (1) Independent 64 Male 2016 White X X (1) Reflects the directors elected at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. (2) Age is as of May 19, 2026, the date for the Annual Meeting. (3) Under our mandatory retirement age policy, Messrs. Lowders were not nominated for re-election at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. (4) Mr. Sanders passed away on January 16, 2025. His age at that time was 76. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS SEPARATE CEO AND CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD On April 1, 2025, Brad Hill succeeded H. Eric Bolton, Jr. as CEO of MAA and H. Eric Bolton, Jr. transitioned to Executive Chairman. If re-elected, Mr. Bolton will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board. At this time, with Mr. Bolton s extensive experience with MAA, the multifamily sector and service on public boards, the Board believes it is in our shareholder s best interests to retain separate CEO and Chairman positions while also maintaining an empowered Lead Independent Director role. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS A director is considered independent if our Board affirmatively determines that the director has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. Our Board consults with both internal and external counsel to ensure that the Board s determinations are consistent with all relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent , including those set forth in pertinent listing standards of the NYSE, as in effect from time-to-time. Consistent with the requirements of the SEC and the NYSE, our Board reviews all relevant transactions or relationships between each Director, or any of his or her family members, and us, our senior management and our independent auditors. Our Audit Committee is also required to pre-clear any potential related-party transactions. Our Board has adopted the following categorical standards. A director who is an employee of MAA or whose immediate family member is one of our executive officers is not independent until three years after the end of such employment relationship. A director who receives, or whose immediate family member receives, more than $120,000 in any given 12-month period in direct compensation from us, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service), is not independent until three years after he or she ceases to receive more than $120,000 in any given 12-month period of such compensation. A director who is affiliated with or employed by, or whose immediate family member is affiliated with or employed in a professional capacity by, any of our present or former internal or external auditors is not independent until three years after the end of the affiliation or the employment or auditing relationship. A director who is employed, or whose immediate family member is employed, as an executive officer of another company where any of our present executive officers serve on that company s compensation committee is not independent until three years after the end of such service or the employment relationship. A director who is an executive officer or an employee, or whose immediate family member is an executive officer, of a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, us for property or services in an amount which, in any single fiscal year, exceeds the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues, will not be considered independent until three years after such amount falls below this threshold. The Board has determined that all the Director Nominees, except for Mr. Bolton, our Executive Chairman, and Mr. Hill, our CEO, meet the qualifications to be considered Independent Directors. LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR The Lead Independent Director provides a non-management contact for matters concerning the CEO and ensures that Board agendas and discussions cover all topics of interest or concern to the Independent Directors without being filtered by management. The Lead Independent Director also oversees the Independent and Non-Management meetings and has direct access to any member of the executive leadership team, the Board Secretary, the Company s independent registered accounting firm as well as other external experts. SUPERMAJORITY OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS Having a supermajority of Independent directors provides diverse viewpoints and perspectives for Board discussions and decisions as well as ensuring strong oversight of the CEO and executive management. INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR EXECUTIVE SESSIONS Led by the Lead Independent Director, these sessions provide a forum for candid discussions among the Independent Directors and for identifying and voicing any concerns, Independent Directors may also share with the Lead Independent Director any topics they would like management to address at future meetings or for which they seek more detailed or supplemental materials. 100% INDEPENDENT AUDIT, COMPENSATION AND NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEES Having the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees comprised of only Independent directors provides for better controls and oversight of critical areas of Board responsibilities. DIVERSITY The Board and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believe that having diversity of backgrounds, experience, knowledge, age, gender, race and ethnicity, among other factors, offers a breadth of expertise, perspectives, viewpoints and opinions to strategy discussions and oversight responsibilities. The Board strives to incorporate and maintain diversity through director succession efforts, not only to strengthen the Board, but to better reflect the associates, investors and residents of MAA. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 12 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS EQUAL VOTES Each Director s vote holds the same weight to ensure all viewpoints are represented in decisions. EXTERNAL CONSULTANTS The ability to retain external consultants, experts and legal counsel without management approval, provides the Board with appropriate resources to perform their duties and protect the interests of shareholders. External consultants are paid for by MAA, but do not require MAA s approval to engage. DIRECT COMMUNICATION WITH THE BOARD The ability for shareholders and other interested parties to communicate directly with the Board, its committees, specific Independent Directors or the Lead Independent Director ensures stakeholders have unfiltered access and provides the Board with additional information to assist with its deliberations (see page 5 for how to contact the Board). BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS The Board and its committees hold both routine periodic meetings and ad hoc meetings from time to time as the respective groups deem necessary to timely and effectively meet their oversight responsibilities. Most routine meetings are held in person to allow for thorough discussions during which all directors can participate. For various reasons, the Board or its committees may hold a meeting telephonically or through a virtual platform that allows all directors and other participants to see and hear each other simultaneously. NUMBER OF MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 5 Board | 4 Non-Management | 4 Independent 7 Audit Committee 6 Compensation Committee 4 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 5 Real Estate Investment Committee DIRECTOR ATTENDANCE Each director attended more than 75% of the meetings of our Board and their respective committees during the calendar year 2025. 99.4% Average of 2025 Board and committee meeting attendance by all Directors REGULAR MEETINGS WITHOUT MANAGEMENT We schedule Non-Management and Independent Director sessions following every routine Board meeting to provide the opportunity for these director groups to regularly meet without management present. As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Graf presides over these sessions and may adjourn additional meetings as he sees fit. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS STANDING COMMITTEES Our Board has four standing committees that oversee key areas of the Board s oversight responsibilities. AUDIT COMMITTEE 4 Members Appointed 5/20/2025 100% Independent 7 Meetings in Calendar 2025 3 Financial Experts Generally, the Board has charged the Audit Committee with overseeing the integrity of MAA s financial statements, MAA s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, the performance of MAA s Internal Audit Department and independent registered public accounting firm, the oversight of MAA s cybersecurity and corporate responsibility efforts, and pre-clearance of related party transactions. More specifically, the Audit Committee Charter requires the committee to: Appoint, determine the compensation of, oversee and evaluate the work of the independent registered public accounting firm Review and discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements and our disclosure under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K Discuss earnings press releases, including the use of pro forma or adjusted non-GAAP information, and discuss generally the financial information and earnings guidance which has been or will be provided to analysts and rating agencies Review and discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy and effectiveness of our systems of internal accounting and financial controls Establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters Review with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our compliance with the requirements for qualification as a REIT Meet with management responsible for oversight of the Company s cybersecurity, crisis management and enterprise risk management programs at least annually to discuss the Company s cybersecurity risks, including a review of the endeavors management has undergone to identify, assess, monitor and address those risks as well as response and recovery plans to address cybersecurity incidents Conduct prior reviews of related party transactions as described in NYSE Rule 314.00 and prohibit such transactions if determined to be inconsistent with the interests of MAA and its shareholders Meet with management at least annually regarding corporate responsibility strategies and programs and review related disclosures and the adequacy and effectiveness of applicable internal controls related to such disclosures Annually review and reassess the Audit Committee Charter and submit any recommended changes to the Board for its consideration Issue a report annually as required by the SEC s proxy solicitation rules 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 14 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 5 Members Appointed 5/20/2025 100% Independent 6 Meetings in Calendar 2025 Generally, the Board has charged the Compensation Committee with establishing sustainable compensation policies and incentive award plans that attract, motivate and retain high quality leadership and compensate them in a manner consistent with the interests of MAA s shareholders, overseeing MAA s risk assessment and management relative to compensation structures, and ensuring compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC in regards to certain disclosures required in this Proxy Statement. More specifically, the Compensation Committee Charter requires the committee to: Review and approve our compensation objectives Annually review and recommend the compensation programs, plans, and awards for the CEO to the Board and review and approve the same for the other executive officers, after taking into consideration any past Say-on-Pay votes by our shareholders Review and approve any employment and severance arrangements and benefits of the CEO and other executive officers Recommend to the Board how often the Say-on-Pay vote should be submitted to shareholders Recommend the compensation for non-employee Directors on the Board Evaluate and oversee risks associated with the Company s compensation policies and practices Act as administrator, as may be required, for our equity-related incentive plans Review and discuss with management the information contained in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Proxy Statement Assess the independence of, retain and oversee compensation consultants, outside counsel and other advisors assisting the committee with the performance of its duties Review and reassess annually the Compensation Committee Charter and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval Issue a report annually related to executive officer compensation, as required by the SEC s proxy solicitation rules Review and discuss with management information related to pay equity amongst associates NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE 5 Members Appointed 5/20/2025 100% Independent 4 Meetings in Calendar 2025 Generally, the Board has charged the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with identifying and recommending individuals qualified to serve as Directors of MAA, reviewing the composition, structure and functioning of the Board, recommending corporate governance policies for the Board and MAA, establishing and maintaining CEO and Director succession plans and procedures, and overseeing the annual evaluation of the Board, its committees and management. More specifically, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter requires the committee to: Provide assistance and oversight in identifying qualified individuals to serve as members of the Board and make recommendations to the Board regarding the selection and approval of the Director Nominees to be submitted for a shareholder vote at the annual meeting of shareholders Review the qualification and performance of incumbent Directors to determine whether to recommend them as Director Nominees for re-election Review and consider candidates for Directors who may be suggested by any Director or executive officer, or by any shareholder if made in accordance with our charter, bylaws and applicable law Provide assistance and oversight in recruiting and recommending qualified nominees for new or vacant positions on the Board Make committee membership recommendations to the Board Oversee the annual evaluation of the effectiveness of the current policies and practices of the Board and its committees Review considerations relating to Board composition and develop and recommend criteria for membership including diversity, independence, experience, expertise and skills to the Board for its approval Review potential Director conflicts of interest Review and recommend to the Board appropriate corporate governance principles that best serve the practices and objectives of the Board Review the orientation process and the continuing education program for all Directors, as may be required by applicable listing standards or other regulatory requirements Oversee succession planning for both the Board and CEO, and routinely obtain input from and update the full Board on succession plan reviews Annually review political contributions made by MAA Review and reassess annually the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and submit any proposed changes to the Board for approval 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT COMMITTEE 6 Members Appointed 5/20/2025 67% Independent 5 Meetings in Calendar 2025 Generally, the Board has charged the Real Estate Investment Committee with considering various investment opportunities presented by management and approving or disapproving specific acquisition, disposition or development investment projects for MAA that are in line with the Board approved strategy and within certain limits as established by the Board from time to time. More specifically, the Real Estate Investment Committee Charter requires the committee to: Consider and approve or disapprove specific property acquisitions presented by management which fall within the individual and aggregate committee approval levels as periodically established by the Board Consider and approve or disapprove the acquisition of land and subsequent initiation of construction for development projects presented by management which fall within the individual and aggregate committee approval levels as periodically established by the Board Refer and make a recommendation to the Board regarding proposed transactions which fall outside of the individual or aggregate approval levels as periodically established by the Board Consider and approve or disapprove disposition of individual properties not listed as a potential disposition property in the annual strategic plan as reviewed and approved by the Board as well as any property for which the disposition would result in materially lower net proceeds than previously considered Review and reassess annually the Real Estate Investment Committee Charter and submit to the Board any recommended change Our Board may, from time to time, form other committees as circumstances warrant. Such committees will have the authority and responsibility as delegated by the Board. Copies of the Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Real Estate Investment Committee Charters are available at no charge. See page 5 for information on how to request a copy or access the charters online. ADDITIONAL BOARD GOVERNANCE We believe that effective corporate governance is the foundation to our success and long-term sustainability and critical to our ability to create long-term value for our shareholders. The Board and its committees regularly review our corporate governance policies and benchmark them against other public companies, our peers and industry best practices. The Board also considers feedback we receive from investor engagements and other stakeholders of MAA. We will continue to monitor emerging developments in corporate governance and enhance our policies and procedures when required by regulation or when our Board determines that it would benefit our shareholders. GOVERNANCE PRACTICES PRACTICES RELATED TO DIRECTOR COMPENSATION INDEPENDENT EXTERNAL DIRECTOR COMPENSATION CONSULTANT The Board periodically engages an independent external compensation consultant to benchmark non-employee Director compensation and makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee on appropriate compensation packages. The consultant advises on both the size, form and mix of compensation components and provides no services to MAA outside of executive and non-employee Director compensation analysis and advice. NO DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR EMPLOYEES Directors who are also employees of MAA receive no compensation for serving on the Board. CAPS ON NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Under the 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan approved by shareholders at the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the total value of cash paid to a Director in one calendar year cannot exceed $300,000 and the total value of equity awards granted to a Director in one calendar year cannot exceed $500,000. PRACTICES RELATED TO EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION See Pages 42-46 For details regarding governance practices in place specific to the compensation of our NEOs, please see the Compensation Approach and Governance section of this Proxy Statement. PRACTICES RELATED TO FINANCIAL REPORTING, ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND AUDITING See Pages 72-74 For details regarding governance practices in place specific to our accounting policies and procedures, controls over financial reporting and auditing practices, please see the Audit Committee Policies section of this Proxy Statement. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 16 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PRACTICES RELATED TO CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY BOARD AND COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT Societal and investor interests in matters related to corporate responsibility continue and our Board recognizes that sustainability matters are critical to our ability to execute on our long-term strategic goals. The Board is directly responsible for setting MAA s strategy, which includes long-term sustainability planning. As such, at its March 2022 meeting, the Board approved changes to the Audit Committee Charter to delegate oversight responsibility for our corporate responsibility strategies, programs, disclosures and controls to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets with executive management responsible for the execution of our corporate responsibility programs on at least an annual basis to consider the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls related to our corporate responsibility disclosures and provides a report to the Board on those discussions. Directors also participate in surveys, along with associates, residents and investors, from time to time to identify those areas most important to our constituents and help develop our corporate responsibility plans. Plans focus on efforts that support the Board s strategic vision and that the Board believes are in the best interests of our shareholders. Other Board committees assist the Board and Audit Committee with corporate responsibility oversight by continuing to evaluate management s efforts related to each of their respective areas of oversight. In addition, the Board will continue to receive quarterly reports from management on corporate responsibility matters and discuss various aspects of corporate responsibility during its annual strategy session and throughout the year as deemed appropriate. Each committee also often discusses respective areas of corporate responsibility during their respective committee meetings. For access to additional materials related to our corporate responsibility efforts see page 5. PRACTICES RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION SECURITY BOARD AND AUDIT COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT The Audit Committee of our Board is responsible for oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee receives regular reports, including an annual cybersecurity maturity assessment and quarterly scorecards, from our Chief Technology and Innovation Officer and/or our SVP Information Security and Privacy. Those reports cover topics related to information security, privacy, and cyber risks and our risk management processes, including the status of any recent cybersecurity events, the emerging threat landscape, and the status of capital investments in our information security infrastructure. The Audit Committee provides regular reports to the Board. In addition, the Audit Committee and the Board have authority to engage external consultants, including legal, accounting or other advisors, such as cybersecurity firms, in carrying out its oversight of our cybersecurity risk management program. Likewise, the Audit Committee or the Board may request members of management or others to attend meetings at which cybersecurity risk management is addressed. As part of our cybersecurity risk management program, we have adopted an incident response plan which provides for controls and procedures upon the occurrence of a cybersecurity event. In connection with that plan, we have established a cross-functional critical response team, comprised of members of management under the direction of our Chief Technology and Innovation Officer and CAO and General Counsel, which is responsible for monitoring our cybersecurity incident response. In addition, this critical response team performs an impact assessment in the event of the occurrence of a cybersecurity event meeting certain criteria, which is elevated for the team s review and, if any such cybersecurity event is determined by the critical response team to have the potential to have a material impact on the Company, the cybersecurity event is elevated for further review and assessment by a senior management team, which includes all of the members of our standing crises control committee, members of our executive management team, and, under certain circumstances, the Audit Committee and/or the full Board. Cybersecurity risks are part of the broader ERM process overseen by our Board. ERM risk assessment results are presented to the Board, and status updates are delivered quarterly to the Audit Committee. CYBERSECURITY RISKS For a full discussion on our cybersecurity risk management program please see Item 1C. Cybersecurity in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2026. For a discussion regarding risks we face associated with cybersecurity incidents see Item 1A. Risk Factors We rely on information technology systems in our operations, and any breach or security failure of those systems could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2026. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS BOARD AND COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT As part of the annual Director Nominee selection process, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as well as the full Board, reviews related party transactions and any potential conflicts of interest. Under its written charter, the Audit Committee is required to review and discuss with management and our independent registered public accounting firm material related party transactions as required by applicable accounting and regulatory pronouncements. The charter also requires the Audit Committee to conduct prior reviews of related party transactions as described in NYSE Rule 314.00 and prohibit such transactions if determined to be inconsistent with the interests of MAA and its shareholders. All transactions involving related parties must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members of our Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Mr. Stockert is one of three general partners in Sweetwater Opportunity Funds, which currently lease, through their manager, Sweetwater Development Management Company, LLC, commercial space from the Company at One Riverside in Atlanta, Georgia. The lease commenced on January 1, 2025, and expires on June 30, 2032, with annual lease payments to the Company for 7,199 square feet starting at approximately $246,566 for 2025 with 2.5% increases per year thereafter during the term of the lease. The lease reflects arms length market terms for other leases offered in the building. The Audit Committee of the Board pre-reviewed the transaction and determined it does not qualify as a related party transaction and does not affect Mr. Stockert s status as an independent Director. No other potential related party transactions have been proposed since the beginning of 2025. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Under our Code of Conduct, an associate who becomes aware of a potential conflict of interest must report the conflict to a supervisor, or our Legal, Internal Audit or Human Resources department. If the potential conflict of interest involves our CEO, any of our executive officers, or a Director, our Board will determine whether to grant a waiver if a conflict of interest is determined to exist. No waivers were requested or granted in 2025. MATERIAL RELATIONSHIPS None of our non-employee Directors had relationships with us during 2025 that the Board determined were material. INDEBTEDNESS OF MANAGEMENT None of our NEOs nor Directors were indebted to us during 2025. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Compensation Committee consisted of Messrs. Case, T. Lowder and Nielsen, and Mses. Caplan and McGrath. None of the members of the Compensation Committee serving during the year and December 31, 2025 is, nor have they ever been, an officer or employee of MAA, nor have any members of the Compensation Committee had any relationship requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, none of our executive officers served as a director or member of the Compensation Committee of any other entity whose executive officers served on our Board or Compensation Committee. GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Along with the elements of our Board structure and the oversight obligations contained in the committee charters, the following documents provide additional governance guidelines applicable to our Board and NEOs. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES Copy available online and at no charge upon request. See page 5. APPLICATION The Corporate Governance Guidelines reflect the principles by which the Board operates, ensuring the Board represents the best interests of shareholders. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 7 out of 9 Director Nominees are Independent At least a majority of Directors on the Board must be independent to provide appropriate oversight of management s actions and contribute a variety of experiences and perspectives to strategy discussions. OTHER PUBLIC BOARD SERVICE Highest number of other public board service by any Director is 3 Directors can only serve on a total of three other public boards (or boards for companies required to file periodic reports with the SEC). In addition, Directors must notify the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee before accepting any new directorship to a public board so that the Board can evaluate if a conflict of interest would exist and consider whether the Director will have sufficient time to continue to provide quality service to the Board and our shareholders. RESIGNATION UPON EMPLOYMENT CHANGE Directors who have a change in employer or significant change in job responsibilities must submit an offer of resignation from the Board and all committees for consideration. This allows the Board to evaluate the specific contributions of the Director and consider whether the change may impact the Director s ability to continue to provide quality service to the Board and representation for our shareholders. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 18 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MANDATORY RETIREMENT AGE Mandatory retirement at age 75 with no waivers allowed Directors are ineligible for nomination for re-election once they reach the mandatory retirement age. Having a mandatory retirement age drives Board refreshment, allows for thoughtful succession planning over a longer period of time and acknowledges that a Director s knowledge and contributions may become stale as he or she is further removed from active employment. Under the current Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board does not have the authority to grant a waiver to the mandatory retirement age and there are no Director Nominees that are 75 or older. Under the mandatory retirement age, Messrs. Nielsen and Shorb are ineligible to be nominated by the Board for shareholder election at the Annual Meeting and have, therefore, not been listed as Director Nominees in this Proxy Statement. MAJORITY VOTE Lowest Director approval of 93.6% of shares voted for in 2025 (up from 81.1% in 2024) Incumbent Directors must tender their resignation to the Board for consideration if they fail to receive a majority of the vote for re-election in an uncontested election. FREQUENCY OF MEETINGS 5 Board meetings in 2025 The Board is required to meet at least four times a year. NON-MANAGEMENT AND INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR MEETINGS Non-Management Directors are required to meet in executive session at regularly scheduled Board meetings and Independent Directors are required to meet at least once a year. The Board believes this provides a forum for open and candid discussion on matters or concerns involving management. BOARD ACCESS TO MANAGEMENT AND INDEPENDENT ADVISORS The Board and its committees have full and free access to all associates and the authority to engage independent advisors, at MAA s expense, without notifying or receiving approval from MAA. ATTENDANCE AT ANNUAL MEETING Directors are encouraged to attend annual meetings of shareholders. All directors then in office attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. To support director attendance, the annual meetings of shareholders are always held immediately following the Board s May meetings. COMPLIANCE WITH ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE POLICIES No waivers granted Directors and NEOs are required to comply with all MAA ethics and compliance policies. Any waivers must be approved by disinterested members of the Board and publicly disclosed. MINIMUM SHARE OWNERSHIP 100% compliance with share ownership requirements Within five years of appointment, non-employee Directors must own five times the annual cash retainer fee in shares of MAA stock or the equivalent. The CEO must own three times his base salary and other NEOs must own two times their respective base salary within three years of appointment to their respective position. The Board believes share ownership in MAA better aligns the interests of Directors and management with those of our shareholders. HOLDING PERIOD REQUIREMENT 100% compliance with holding period requirement NEOs are required to retain ownership of at least 50% of the number of net shares, after the payment of taxes, acquired through equity incentive plans until they retire, otherwise terminate or are no longer serving as an NEO. The Board believes requiring equity ownership over time helps to ensure a focus on long-term results. DIRECTOR EDUCATION Directors are encouraged to attend accredited director education programs for which expenses are reimbursed by MAA. In addition, educational materials and presentations by external experts are periodically provided to the Board and its committees on various topics of interest and evolving areas. ANONYMOUS ANNUAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the anonymous evaluation by Directors of the performance of the Board and each of its respective committees on an annual basis. Results are reviewed and discussed by each committee and the Board as a whole. ANNUAL REVIEW The Corporate Governance Guidelines are approved by the Board and required to be reviewed annually by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CODE OF CONDUCT Copy available online and at no charge upon request. See page 5. APPLICATION MAA s Code of Conduct reflects our commitment to achieving high standards of business, personal and ethical conduct. The Code of Conduct is applicable to our Board, executive officers and all other associates, including our CEO, CFO (Principal Financial Officer) and Principal Accounting Officer. ATTESTATIONS 100% compliance Each member of our Board and all of our executive officers annually review the requirements in the Code of Conduct, attest in writing to meet the standards therein and affirm their compliance with those standards. WAIVERS No waivers have been granted Amendments to or waivers from our Code of Conduct (to the extent applicable to our CEO, Principal Financial Officer or Principal Accounting Officer) are publicly disclosed on our website. WHISTLEBLOWER POLICY APPLICATION Copy available online and at no charge upon request. See page 5. The Whistleblower Policy sets forth the procedures established by the Audit Committee to allow for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by MAA regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters as well as the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting and auditing matters. ANNUAL REVIEW The Whistleblower Policy and Procedures are required to be reviewed annually by the Audit Committee. STATEMENT ON COMPANY POLICY ON INSIDER TRADING AND DISCLOSURE APPLICATION We have adopted a Statement on Company Policy on Insider Trading and Disclosure, as amended from time to time, under which all directors, officers, employees and affiliates of the Company are prohibited from purchasing, selling, or providing such information or recommending a transaction involving the Company's securities when such individual(s) are aware of material nonpublic information of the Company and make a trade on the basis of such information ( Insider Trading Policy ). The Insider Trading Policy also includes Special Trading Procedures to regulate securities trades by all Directors and executive officers of MAA, certain designated employees of MAA who, in the ordinary course of the performance of their duties, have access to material, nonpublic information regarding MAA, and certain affiliates thereof (collectively, these persons are referred to as Insiders ). The procedures require these individuals to only trade during set trading windows (the second full market day after an earnings release through the fifteenth of the third month of the quarter), and to have all transactions in MAA securities pre-cleared by MAA. The Insider Trading Policy prohibits transactions in alignment with our Policy Regarding the Ability of Employees or Directors to Engage in Hedging Transactions or Pledging of Securities. Finally, the procedures provide a list of exemptions to the procedures for pre-approved Rule 10b5-1 plans issued in compliance with SEC regulations, and various benefit plan activities for which the individual has no control over the timing or pricing of the transaction. We believe our Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance by our directors, officers and employees with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations, as well as applicable NYSE listing standards. It is also our policy to comply with all applicable securities laws when engaging in transactions in our own securities. Our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC on February 7, 2025. POLICY REGARDING THE ABILITY OF EMPLOYEES OR DIRECTORS TO ENGAGE IN HEDGING TRANSACTIONS OR PLEDGING OF SECURITIES APPLICATION Directors, executive officers and certain designated employees who in the ordinary course of the performance of their duties have access to material, nonpublic information regarding MAA or any of MAA s subsidiaries are prohibited from purchasing financial instruments, or otherwise engaging in transactions, that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of MAA equity securities granted as compensation, or held directly or indirectly by the individuals covered under the policy. These prohibitions also apply to any covered individual s spouse, minor children, family members living within the same household and any other affiliates or affiliated entities. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 20 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS Specifically, the policy prohibits executing short sales (the selling of securities that are not owned at the time of sale), purchasing or selling derivative securities or hedging transactions (including the buying and selling of puts, calls, other derivative securities, derivative securities that provide the economic equivalent of owning securities, any opportunity to profit from the change in value of securities and any other hedging transaction), using securities as collateral on margin accounts and pledging securities as collateral for a loan. These prohibitions relate to all MAA and MAA subsidiary securities including common stock, preferred stock, units in limited partnerships, options to purchase common stock, any other type of securities that MAA or its subsidiaries may issue (such as convertible debentures, warrants, exchange-traded options or other derivative securities), any derivative securities that provide the economic equivalent of ownership of any securities issued by MAA or its subsidiaries, and any opportunity to profit from any change in the value of any of the securities issued by MAA or its subsidiaries. NO EXCEPTIONS MAA s policy prohibits Directors, executive officers and other individuals, affiliates and affiliated entities (as outlined above) from pledging securities as collateral on a loan. The policy does not allow for the granting of exceptions. BYLAWS AND CHARTER PROVISIONS ANNUAL ELECTIONS OF DIRECTORS MAA s charter requires the annual election of all Directors. The Board believes that annual elections are an appropriate timeframe to ensure that Directors are held accountable to shareholders. SPECIAL MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS See page 5 for how to access a copy of our bylaws for more details. MAA s bylaws allow any of the following to call a special meeting of the shareholders. CEO President Majority of the Board Majority of the Independent Directors Shareholders representing more than 10% of voting shares PROXY ACCESS AND OTHER METHODS FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO RECOMMEND A DIRECTOR NOMINEE See page 81 for timing details regarding the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. HAVE YOUR DIRECTOR CANDIDATE INCLUDED IN OUR PROXY MATERIALS Pursuant to the proxy access provisions of our bylaws, a shareholder or a group of up to 20 shareholders that have collectively owned at least three percent of MAA s common stock continually for a period of at least three years can nominate and include in our proxy materials, Director candidates constituting up to 20% of the Board, provided that the shareholder(s) and the candidates satisfy the requirements specified in our bylaws. See page 81 for more information on shareholder nominations for director. DIRECTLY NOMINATE A CANDIDATE FOR ELECTION BY SHAREHOLDERS Shareholders who meet the requirements provided in our bylaws can directly nominate a candidate for election by our shareholders at an annual meeting. To directly nominate a candidate for election by our shareholders, other than pursuant to the proxy access provision of our bylaws, you must provide the information and documents required in our bylaws at our corporate headquarters. In addition to satisfying the requirements under our bylaws, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of Director nominees other than the Board s nominees must also comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. See page 81 for more information on shareholder nominations for director. RECOMMEND A CANDIDATE TO THE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Shareholders can recommend a Director candidate for consideration by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. To recommend a candidate, the recommendation must be received at our corporate headquarters and include the required information specified in our bylaws. See pages 81 for more information on shareholder nominations for director. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT BOARD AND MANAGEMENT ENGAGEMENT The Board s primary role is to represent the long-term interests of our shareholders. MAA s executive and senior management, led by associates solely focused on investor relations, proactively engages with our shareholders through a year-round engagement program overseen by the Board. We utilize numerous vehicles to directly reach and listen to our investors. We also periodically participate in various investor round-table events hosted by industry or other associations that provide broader insight on developing investor interests and concerns. The Board is routinely updated with feedback received from investors and can be communicated with directly. See page 5 for information on how to reach the Board. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS SHAREHOLDER DRIVEN GOVERNANCE Collaborations with our shareholders have resulted in many enhancements through the years that we believe strengthen our corporate governance and contribute to the long-term sustainability and success of our Company. Moving from staggered to annual elections of Directors Amending our bylaws to encompass proxy access rights for shareholders Publishing annual Corporate Responsibility Reports Expanding Board diversity disclosures including racial makeup of the Board Expanding disclosures on the qualifications and contributions of individual Director Nominees Enhancing Board oversight of corporate responsibility matters Adopting a Policy on Political Contributions 2025 SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS In 2025, we continued to engage with shareholders through various platforms. We held or participated in ten investor conferences, six non-deal roadshows, 24 property tours, one in-person meeting at our headquarters, four quarterly earnings release calls, one shareholder meeting and 127 one-on-one calls with institutional investors, analysts and retail investors to stay connected, provide information regarding MAA and our strategy, and learn about matters that are important to our shareholders. As a result, we had a total of approximately 749 points of contact with institutional shareholders and numerous one-on-one calls with retail shareholders in 2025, representing approximately half of the outstanding shares of our common stock. PROCESS FOR IDENTIFYING AND SELECTING DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Board is responsible for recommending Director Nominees to our shareholders for election at our annual meetings and, from time to time, for appointing Directors to fill vacancies on the Board. Our Board has delegated the responsibility for evaluating Board needs and the process of identifying and recruiting Director candidates for Board consideration to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. While the following information generally reflects the overall process utilized by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to determine the needs of the Board, identify and select a candidate for Director Nominee and make a recommendation to the Board, the committee may, from time to time, adapt the process, including the factors considered, utilize alternative sources to identify potential candidates or make other adjustments as the committee deems appropriate to address the priorities of any given situation. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 22 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS IDENTIFICATION OF DIRECTOR NEEDS The process to present a Director Nominee for shareholder approval begins with input from various sources on the attributes that the Board as a whole needs in order to successfully execute its roles and responsibilities in the best interests of our shareholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the attributes needed by the Board as a whole and combines that with additional considerations as part of its ongoing succession planning efforts. INVESTOR ENGAGEMENTS Changes in shareholder interests and priorities may require new attributes or change the prioritization of certain attributes over time BOARD APPROVED STRATEGY Evolutions of our multi-year strategy may require new expertise not previously represented on the Board for appropriate oversight of strategy execution and risk management ANNUAL BOARD AND COMMITTEE SELF-ASSESSMENTS Feedback from current Directors regarding the balance of qualifications and needs, among other matters, is incorporated BUSINESS TRENDS Changing industry and general business developments may require new attributes to provide guidance on new competitive frontiers or for effective risk management ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER VOTE Results of prior year Director elections can provide insight on shareholder satisfaction with individual Director and Board performance as well as governance matters important to our shareholders KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE The specific knowledge and abilities required for the Board and its committees to execute their responsibilities to MAA are continually updated over time. The areas of expertise and experience our Board currently feels are particularly relevant to MAA and should be possessed by one or more Directors are: Real Estate Industry Investment Real Estate Industry Development/Construction Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Capital Markets Financial Literacy Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance DIRECTOR DEPARTURES Planned retirements and unexpected departures are considered to identify any potential gaps in Board attribute needs and timelines to add new Directors BOARD GOVERNANCE Various governance matters such as Board size and Director independence are considered as well as peer and industry best practices to allow for efficient and effective Board functioning REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS (SEC, NYSE) Regulations are considered to ensure compliance with all relevant public company and listing exchange requirements DIVERSITY The Board believes that diversity provides a breadth of knowledge, perspectives, experiences and opinions that contribute to a stronger Board. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are dedicated to expanding diversity of personal attributes such as age, gender, race and ethnicity. We believe having diverse representation enhances the Board s leadership effectiveness, attracts highly qualified associates, is more appealing to residents, enhances discussions of the Board and cultivates better decisions. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS IDENTIFICATION OF DIRECTOR CANDIDATES The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee combines the key criteria identified through its succession planning efforts and creates a candidate profile for Director searches and nominee recommendations. The candidate profile is used to guide the identification or potential candidates from various sources. SPECIFIC CRITERIA Specific criteria for an individual Director appointment or nominee are identified based on the results of succession planning analysis ABILITY TO SERVE The ability to provide quality service to the Board and represent our shareholders is evaluated. Factors considered include: Time availability Independence status Other public board commitments Schedule flexibility CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Current relationships that may create potential conflicts of interest with service on the Board are evaluated GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS Certain personal characteristics are required of every Director to provide quality representation for our shareholders and set the correct tone from the top for MAA s culture These characteristics include: High personal and professional integrity, ethics and values Mature wisdom and sound judgement Inquiring and independent analysis Ability to objectively appraise management performance Willingness to represent the best interests of shareholders History of achievement reflecting superior standards INTERNAL RECOMMENDATIONS Potential candidates may be recommended by current or past Directors or members of executive management EXTERNAL SEARCH FIRMS From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may engage an external search firm to assist in identifying potential candidates that meet the candidate profile SPECIALIZED OUTREACH The Board or executive management may request recommendations from various external sources such as industry organizations DIRECT INQUIRIES From time to time the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may receive communications from individuals interested in serving on our Board SHAREHOLDER RECOMMENDATIONS The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider recommendations received by shareholders when done so in compliance with our bylaws (see page 81 for more information) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 24 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS SELECTION OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee pursues targeted candidates to select a Director Nominee The selected candidates are appointed or recommended as director nominees for shareholder approval. ASSESS INTEREST Generally, a member of the Board or a consultant (if an external search firm is being utilized) will contact target candidates to assess their interest in potentially joining the Board INTERVIEWS Interested candidates will meet with members of the Board as well as members of management so they can learn more about MAA and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee can receive additional input to ascertain the candidate s ability to serve as an engaged and beneficial member of the Board DIRECTOR APPOINTMENT From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may feel it is appropriate to appoint a new Director prior to an annual meeting of shareholders (e.g., to meet a regulatory requirement, allow for overlap with a departing Director or due to other considerations). In these instances, the Director will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders at which meeting the Director would be presented as a Director Nominee for shareholder approval pending a recommendation from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to the Board to list the Director as a Director Nominee DIRECTOR NOMINEE The Board, upon recommendation by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as a result of the process to identify and select Director Nominees, will present Director Nominees for approval by shareholders at the annual meeting of shareholders ANNUAL ELECTIONS All Directors must be re-nominated for shareholder approval on an annual basis ONBOARDING In anticipation of an appointment or following election by shareholders at an annual meeting of shareholders, a new Director will participate in various meetings with management and Board groups in order to learn more about the Board and committee procedures, MAA s operations and long-term strategy and other various matters DIRECTOR NOMINEES FOR ELECTION 2025 DIRECTORS NOT STANDING FOR RE-ELECTION Messrs. Nielsen and Shorb are not presented as Director Nominees for the Annual Meeting as they are not eligible for nomination as a result of our director refreshment retirement age policy. 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES AS A GROUP The Board believes that each Director Nominee being presented for election has high ethical standards and has the time, ability and desire to execute their duties in representing the best interests of our shareholders. The Director Nominees are also geographically dispersed throughout our portfolio footprint and/or have MAA market experience offering critical market expertise to our portfolio strategy. Furthermore, the Board feels the unique skills of each Director Nominee collectively provides a strong foundation for the Board s strategic oversight and risk management responsibilities and provides the necessary expertise for the responsibilities delegated to the Board committees. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The following table and graphs provide a summary overview of the Director Nominees as a group, including identification of the number of individual Director Nominees that satisfy each of the key knowledge and experience factors our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has identified as necessary for the effective oversight of our strategy and risk management. The additional contributions that each Director Nominee offers to the strength of our Board and its committees and the leadership and oversight of MAA are outlined in their individual write-ups following this summary. The Gender and Race/Ethnicity information provided in the table is as voluntarily disclosed by the respective Director Nominee. The Committee Service section represents committee assignments assuming all Director nominees are elected to serve by shareholders at the Annual Meeting. Age is as of May 19, 2026, the meeting date for the Annual Meeting. DEMOGRAPHICS DIRECTOR NOMINEE INDEPENDENCE AGE TENURE GENDER RACE/ ETHNICITY POSITION H. Eric Bolton, Jr. Management 69 1997 Male White Executive Chairman of MAA and Chairman of the Board Deborah H. Caplan Independent 63 2023 Female White Former EVP, Human Resources and Corporate Services, NextEra Energy, Inc. John P. Case Independent 62 2023 Male White Former CEO, President and CIO of Realty Income Corporation Tamara Fischer Independent 70 2023 Female White Executive Chairman of National Storage Affiliates Trust Alan B. Graf, Jr. Lead Independent 72 2002 Male White Former EVP and CFO of FedEx Corporation Brad Hill Management 50 2025 Male White CEO and President of MAA Edith Kelly-Green Independent 73 2020 Female African American Founding Partner of JKG Properties LLC and The KGR Group Former VP and Chief Sourcing Officer of FedEx Express Sheila K. McGrath Independent 61 2024 Female White Former Senior Managing Director of Evercore ISI David P. Stockert Independent 64 2016 Male White Former CEO and President of Post Properties, Inc. AGGREGATE DIRECTOR NOMINEE DEMOGRAPHICS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 26 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS MAA COMMITTEE SERVICE (If all nominees are elected) Real Estate Industry Investment Real Estate Industry Development/ Construction Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Management/ Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Capital Markets Financial Literacy Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance DIRECTOR NOMINEE AUDIT COMPENSATION NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT H. Eric Bolton, Jr. CHAIR Page 28 Deborah H. Caplan CHAIR Page 29 John P. Case Page 30 Tamara Fischer Page 31 Alan B. Graf, Jr. CHAIR Page 32 Brad Hill Page 33 Edith Kelly-Green Page 34 Sheila K. McGrath Page 35 David P. Stockert CHAIR Page 36 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS INDIVIDUAL DIRECTOR NOMINEE DETAILS The following pages provide Individual information on each Director Nominee being presented for approval by shareholders at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Each writeup includes work history experience, the key knowledge and experience factors the Director Nominee can contribute to the Board as a whole, additional contributions the Director Nominee brings to the Board, the factors our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board considered in determining if the Director Nominee was qualified to serve on the Board and certain Board committees, along with current Board leadership positions and service on other public boards. Director Nominee ages reflect the age of the individual on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting May 19, 2026. H. ERIC BOLTON, JR. Executive Chairman, MAA Director Since: February 1997 Age as of the Annual Meeting: 69 Not Independent - Management KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS Real Estate Industry Investment Real Estate Industry Development/Construction Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Management/Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Capital Markets Financial Literacy Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance Other Real Estate Industry Multifamily Sector, Industry Association Service, Multifamily Operations, MAA Market Expertise MAA Market Experience Public Board Audit Committee Service REIT Structure Business Continuity and Crisis Management Public Company Mergers and Acquisitions Regulatory Compliance Essential Services Industry Data Privacy, Cybersecurity Digital Marketing Enhanced Branding Change and Growth Management Civic Development, Community Service, Non-Profit Leadership and Oversight Succession Planning CURRENT MAA BOARD SERVICE OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS (5 years) Chairman of the Board Chairman of the Real Estate Investment Committee 2025-Present: Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. 2013-Present: EastGroup Properties, Inc. None WORK HISTORY Mr. Bolton joined MAA in 1994 as VP of Development, was named COO in February 1996 and was subsequently promoted to President in December 1996. Mr. Bolton served as our CEO from October 2001 until March 31, 2025, at which time he transitioned to Executive Chairman. He has served as Chairman of the Board since September 2002. Prior to joining MAA, Mr. Bolton served as EVP and CFO of Trammell Crow Realty Advisors, for which he worked for more than five years. Prior to that, Mr. Bolton worked in the commercial banking industry for seven years. Mr. Bolton brings extensive multifamily real estate experience to the Board. His career in real estate has encompassed all aspects of the industry from investment, new development, acquisitions and dispositions, property repositioning and property operations, uniquely qualifying him to serve as the chairman of the Real Estate Investment Committee. Mr. Bolton is also extensively familiar with our strategy and history, and was a key player in the success of our CEO succession plan culminated in 2025. Mr. Bolton has served on the Executive Committee of the National MultiFamily Housing Council as well as the Advisory Board of Governors of NAREIT and currently serves as the Chairman of the Compensation Committee of EastGroup Properties, Inc., a mid-cap industrial REIT, having previously served as both Lead Director and a member of the Audit Committee. In 2025, Mr. Bolton joined the board of Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc., and is serving as a member of its Audit Committee and Risk Committee. This service and his career experience, along with Mr. Bolton s certifications as a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and Associate of Risk Management, allows Mr. Bolton to contribute strong risk mitigation and oversight capabilities to our Board. In addition, Mr. Bolton offers long-term real estate market cycle acumen garnered over his 36-year career in real estate, during which he successfully led MAA through the Great Recession (2007 2009) without discontinuing or reducing dividends to shareholders. Mr. Bolton also brings strong guidance to our corporate responsibility program, previously serving on the boards of the Memphis Botanical Garden and the Memphis Shelby Crime Commission, as well as being a past Partner Advisor to the Mid-South Minority Business Council. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 28 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DEBORAH H. CAPLAN Past EVP, Human Resources and Corporate Services, NextEra Energy, Inc. Director Since: March 2023 Age as of the Annual Meeting: 63 Independent KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS Real Estate Industry Investment Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Management/Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance MAA Market Experience Public Board Compensation Committee and Environmental, Health and Safety Committee Service Business Continuity and Crisis Management Regulatory Compliance Essential Services Industry Change and Growth Management Civic Development, Community Service, Non-Profit Leadership and Oversight Environmental Innovation Legislative and Political Acumen CURRENT MAA BOARD SERVICE OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS (5 years) Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 2024-Present: Arthur J. Gallagher Co. 2024-Present: Valmont Industries Inc. 2019-2022: Terminix Global Holdings WORK HISTORY Ms. Caplan served as EVP, Human Resources and Corporate Services for NextEra Energy, Inc. from 2013 until her retirement on April 1, 2024, previously serving as VP and COO for Florida Power Light Company, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy, Inc. from 2011 to 2013 after serving as VP of Integrated Supply Chain. Prior to joining NextEra Energy, Inc., Ms. Caplan served as the SVP of Global Operations for Vendor Financial Services for GE Capital at General Electric Company, previously serving in various leadership roles for GE Aircraft Engines in manufacturing and new product development. Ms. Caplan s experience with strategy and crisis management in not only a public company, but in a highly regulated industry offers valuable expertise to our Board. Her business operations and project management expertise, certification as a Six Sigma Master Black Belt and change and growth experience also provide important guidance as MAA continues to evolve to meet ever-changing customer expectations. The combination of Ms. Caplan s workforce initiative experience, including recruiting, learning and development, health and well-being, diversity and inclusion and recognition, with her current and past experiences serving as the Chairperson or member of the Compensation Committee for other public boards, the International Women s Forum, and as a Fellow of the National Academy of Human Resources, as well as her prior service on the HR Policy Association makes her uniquely qualified to serve as the chairperson of our Compensation Committee. In addition, Ms. Caplan s responsibilities over corporate real estate at NextEra Energy, Inc. for over 10 years in markets that overlap our portfolio footprint, adds to our market analysis and transaction discussions. Ms. Caplan s former leadership at a leading clean energy company, along with her service on various boards and advisory committees, including previous service on the National Petroleum Council, an oil and natural gas advisory committee to the U.S. Secretary of Energy, in addition to her culture and human capital expertise adds knowledgeable guidance to our corporate responsibility strategy. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS JOHN P. CASE Former CEO, President and CIO Realty Income Corporation Director Since: May 2023 Age as of the Annual Meeting: 62 Independent KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS Real Estate Industry Investment Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Management/Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Capital Markets Financial Literacy Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance Other Real Estate Industry Commercial Sector MAA Market Expertise Public Board Compensation and Human Capital Committee REIT Structure Business Continuity and Crisis Management Public Company Mergers and Acquisitions Regulatory Compliance Change and Growth Management CURRENT MAA BOARD SERVICE OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS (5 years) Compensation Committee Real Estate Investment Committee 2023-Present: EPR Properties 2018-2022: Duke Realty Corporation WORK HISTORY Mr. Case served as Chairman and Principal of Bunker Hill Group from 2019 through 2024. Previously, Mr. Case served as Partner and Senior Advisor of Ares Management Corporation from 2021 until 2023 and as the CEO and member of the board of directors of Realty Income Corporation from 2013 to 2018, after serving as the President in 2013, and EVP, Chief Investment Officer from 2010 to 2013. Prior to joining Realty Income Corporation, Mr. Case worked as a real estate investment banker at various banks including Merrill Lynch, UBS and RBC Capital Markets from 1991-2010. Mr. Case s experience as a CEO of a public REIT, current member of the board of directors of EPR Properties, including his service on its Audit and Compensation Committees, and former directorships of two other public REITs combined with his capital market and investor relations acumen, make him a valuable member of the Board, providing a keen insight and understanding of our organization, including our structure as a public REIT, the regulatory environment of our industry, risk oversight expertise, and management of geographically-dispersed human capital. This experience also provides him with a keen understanding of REIT and real estate industry compensation packages, making him a qualified member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Case also brings MAA market knowledge, helpful during acquisition and disposition decisions and overall portfolio strategy discussions. In addition, Mr. Case s expertise in the commercial sector of our industry, provides valuable guidance to our commercial endeavors, which enhance the experience of our multifamily residents. Furthermore, his experience serving as the CIO and Chairman of the Investment Committee for Realty Income Corporation, and previous service as an Associate on the NAREIT Board of Governors, member of the board of directors of the National Multifamily Housing Council and member of the Urban Land Institute provides valuable expertise to serve on our Real Estate Investment Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 30 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS TAMARA FISCHER Executive Chairperson, National Storage Affiliates Trust Director Since: May 2023 Age as of the Annual Meeting: 70 Independent KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS Real Estate Industry Investment Real Estate Industry Development/Construction Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Management/Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Capital Markets Financial Literacy Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance Other Real Estate Industry Self-Storage Sector MAA Market Experience Public Board Audit Committee Service REIT Structure Business Continuity and Crisis Management Public Company Mergers and Acquisitions Regulatory Compliance Change and Growth Management CURRENT MAA BOARD SERVICE OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS (5 years) Audit Committee Real Estate Investment Committee Financial Expert 2023-Present: JLL Income Property Trust, Inc. 2020-Present: National Storage Affiliates Trust 2020-2022: Duke Realty Corporation WORK HISTORY Ms. Fischer currently serves as the Executive Chairperson of National Storage Affiliates Trust, having previously served as the President and CEO from 2020 until April 1, 2023. Ms. Fischer previously served as President and CFO from 2018 to 2019, after serving as EVP and CFO from 2013 to 2018. Prior to joining National Storage Affiliates Trust, Ms. Fischer held various consulting positions from 2011 to 2012. Previously, Ms. Fischer served as EVP and CFO of Vintage Wine Trust, Inc. from 2004 to 2008 and then as a consultant to Vintage Wine Trust, Inc. from 2009 to 2010. Ms. Fischer also served as EVP and CFO for Chateau Communities, Inc. from 1993 to 2003 and held various positions with Coopers Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers) from 1984 to 1992. Ms. Fischer s experience as an Executive Chairperson and CEO of a public REIT, along with her previous service as the chairperson of the National Self Storage Association and as a member of the Executive Board of Governors of NAREIT, makes her a valuable addition to the Board, providing extensive knowledge of our industry, and a keen insight and understanding of our structure as a public REIT, the regulatory environment of our industry, risk oversight expertise, and management of geographically-dispersed human capital. The Board has also determined that Ms. Fischer qualifies as a Financial Expert, which along with her past experience serving on the Audit Committee of another public REIT, makes her well qualified to serve on the Audit Committee. In addition, Ms. Fischer s real estate knowledge acquired through serving as the Executive Chairperson and prior CEO of National Storage Affiliates Trust, and mergers and acquisitions expertise, combined with her risk oversight and accounting acumen, provides extensive analysis capabilities that make her a valuable member to the Real Estate Investment Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ALAN B. GRAF, JR. Past EVP and CFO, FedEx Corporation Director Since: June 2002 Age as of the Annual Meeting: 72 Independent KEY KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS Strategic Planning and Oversight Risk Management/Oversight Cybersecurity Public Company Platform Capital Markets Financial Literacy Large Organization Leadership and Human Capital Development Corporate Governance Public Board Audit Committee Chairman Service REIT Structure Business Continuity and Crisis Management Public Company Mergers and Acquisitions Regulatory Compliance Enhanced branding Change and Growth Management Civic Development, Community Service, Non-Profit Leadership and Oversight Environmental Innovation Legislative and Political Acumen CURRENT MAA BOARD SERVICE OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS (5 years) Lead Independent Director Chairman of the Audit Committee Financial Expert None 2002-2024: Nike, Inc. WORK HISTORY Mr. Graf served as the EVP and CFO and as a member of the Executive Committee of FedEx Corporation from 1998 until his planned retirement in September 2020, continuing to serve as EVP and Senior Advisor through December 2020. Mr. Graf joined FedEx in 1980 as a senior financial analyst and held various management positions throughout the Finance division until serving as EVP and CFO of FedEx Express, FedEx s predecessor, from 1991 to 1998. As a result of his 41-year career at FedEx, a large multinational company, including 30 years as an executive, Mr. Graf brings experienced insight in strategic vision and investments, navigation of growth, pursuit of technological and procedural innovations and organization management and development. In addition, Mr. Graf s responsibilities for all aspects of FedEx s global financial functions, including financial planning, treasury, tax, accounting and controls, internal audit and investor relations, along with his prior service as the chairman of the Audit Committee on the board of Nike, Inc., a multinational global brand and public company, offers extensive expertise to the oversight of our financial controls, audit activities, cybersecurity and risk mitigation as the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr. Graf currently serves on the board of Indiana University Foundation and h