=== MAA_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Ris k Factors. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that are not presently known to us, that we currently believe are immaterial or that could apply generically to any company may also significantly impact our business operations. If any of these risks occur, our business prospects, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, the market price of our stock and the trading price of our debt securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in our stock or debt securities. Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Our Operations Unfavorable market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy levels, rental revenues and the value of our properties. General economic conditions in the U.S. have fluctuated in recent years, and concerns persist regarding negative macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation and the labor market. Unfavorable market and economic conditions may significantly affect our occupancy levels, our rental rates and collections, the value of our properties and our ability to acquire or dispose of properties on economically favorable terms. Our ability to lease our properties at favorable rates is adversely affected by the increase in supply in the multifamily and other rental markets and is dependent upon the overall level in the economy, which is adversely affected by, among other things, job losses and unemployment levels, personal debt levels, a downturn in the housing market, stock market volatility, inflationary conditions and uncertainty about the future. Some of our major expenses generally do not decline when rents decline. We would expect that declines in our occupancy levels, rental revenues and/or the values of our properties would cause us to have less cash available to make payments on our debt and to make distributions, which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market value of our securities. Factors that may affect our occupancy levels, our rental revenues and/or the value of our properties include the following, among others: • downturns in global, national, regional and local economic conditions, particularly increases in unemployment or decreases in job growth in our markets; • declines in mortgage interest rates and home pricing, making alternative housing options more affordable; • government or builder incentives with respect to home ownership, making alternative housing options more attractive; • local real estate market conditions, including oversupply of apartments or other housing available for rent, or a reduction in demand for apartments in the area; • declines in the financial condition of our residents or commercial tenants, which may make it more difficult for us to collect rents from some residents or commercial tenants; • declines in market rental rates; • declines in household formation; and • increases in operating costs, if these costs cannot be passed through to our residents or commercial tenants. Failure to generate sufficient cash flow could limit our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions. Our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions depends on our ability to generate cash flow in excess of operating costs and capital expenditure requirements and/or to have access to the markets for debt and equity financing. Our funds from operations may be insufficient because of factors that are beyond our control. Such factors could include: • weakness in the general economy, which lowers job growth and the associated demand for apartment housing; • competition from other apartment communities or alternative housing options (including condominiums and single-family houses for rent or sale); • overbuilding of new apartments or oversupply of available apartments or alternative housing options in our markets, which might adversely affect occupancy or rental rates and/or require rent concessions in order to lease apartments; • increases in operating costs (including real estate taxes, utilities and insurance premiums) due to inflation and other factors, which may not be offset by increased rental rates; • inability to rent apartments on favorable economic terms; • changes in governmental regulations and the related costs of compliance; • the enactment of rent control or rent stabilization laws in the areas in which we operate or other laws regulating multifamily housing; • other changes in laws, including tax laws and housing laws; • an uninsured loss, including those resulting from a catastrophic storm, earthquake or act of terrorism; 10 • changes in interest rate levels and the availability of financing, borrower credit standards and down-payment requirements which could lead renters to purchase homes (if interest rates decrease and home loans are more readily available) or increase our acquisition and operating costs (if interest rates increase and financing is less readily available); and • the relative illiquidity of real estate investments. At times, we have relied on external funding sources to fully fund the payment of distributions to shareholders and our capital investment program, including our property developments. While we have sufficient liquidity to permit distributions at current rates through additional borrowings, if necessary, any significant and sustained deterioration in operations could result in our financial resources being insufficient to make payments on our debt and to make distributions at the current rate, in which event we would be required to reduce the distribution rate. Any decline in our funds from operations could adversely affect our ability to make distributions or to meet our loan covenants and could have a material adverse effect on our stock price or the trading price of our debt securities. We are dependent on a concentration of our investments in a single asset class, making our results of operations more vulnerable to a downturn or slowdown in the multifamily sector or other economic factors. As of December 31, 2025, substantially all of our investments are concentrated in the multifamily sector. As a result, we will be subject to risks inherent in investments in a single type of property. A downturn or slowdown in the demand for multifamily housing will have more pronounced effects on our results of operations and on the value of our assets than if we had diversified our investments into more than one asset class. Our operations are concentrated in the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.; we are subject to general economic conditions in the regions in which we operate. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 41.2% of our portfolio (based on the number of completed apartment units) was located in our top five markets: Atlanta, Georgia; Dallas, Texas; Austin, Texas; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Orlando, Florida. In addition, our overall operations are concentrated in the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S. Our performance could be adversely affected by economic conditions in, and other factors relating to, these geographic areas, including supply and demand for apartments in these areas, zoning and other regulatory conditions and competition from other communities and alternative housing options. In particular, our performance is disproportionately influenced by job growth and unemployment. To the extent the economic conditions, job growth and unemployment in any of these markets deteriorate or any of these areas experiences natural disasters, the value of our portfolio, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions could be adversely affected. Substantial competition may adversely affect our revenues and limit our acquisition and development opportunities. There are numerous alternative housing options within the market area of each of our communities that compete with us for residents, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family homes. Competitive housing in a particular area, particularly new supply (and especially during lease up efforts), could adversely affect our ability to retain residents, rent our apartments and increase or maintain rents, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, some of our competitors may have loan covenants or fund requirements that encourage decisions on occupancy targets or rental rates that vary from decisions based on market conditions, which could require us to react in ways that may negatively affect our performance. We also face competition from other businesses for acquisition and development opportunities. The activities of these competitors could cause us to pay higher prices for new properties than we otherwise would have paid or may prevent us from purchasing desired properties at all, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions. Failure to succeed in new markets may have adverse consequences on our performance. We may make acquisitions or pursue developments outside of our existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. Our historical experience in our existing markets does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. We may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets, including an inability to accurately evaluate local market conditions and local economies, an inability to identify appropriate acquisition or development opportunities, an inability to hire and retain key personnel and a lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. In addition, we may abandon opportunities to enter new markets that we have begun to explore for any reason and may, as a result, fail to recover expenses already incurred. 11 Environmental problems are possible and can be costly. Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances in, on, around or under such property. Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of, or failure to properly remediate, hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases may adversely affect the owner’s or operator’s ability to sell or rent the affected property or to borrow using the property as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances may also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by the person. Certain environmental laws impose liability for the release of asbestos-containing materials into the air, and third parties may also seek recovery from owners or operators of real property for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. Federal and state laws also regulate the operation and subsequent removal of certain underground storage tanks. In connection with the current or former ownership (direct or indirect), operation, management, development or control of real property, we may be considered an owner or operator of such apartment communities or as having arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances and, therefore, may be potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain other costs, including governmental fines, and claims for injuries to persons and property. Our current policy is to obtain a Phase I environmental study on each apartment community that we seek to acquire or develop, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling, and to proceed accordingly. However, there can be no assurance that the Phase I environmental studies or other environmental studies undertaken with respect to any of our current or future apartment communities will reveal: • all or the full extent of potential environmental liabilities; • that any prior owner or operator of a property did not create any material environmental condition unknown to us; • that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of such apartment communities; or • that environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to make payments on our debt and to make distributions. Certain environmental laws impose liability on a previous owner of property to the extent that hazardous or toxic substances were present during the prior ownership period. A transfer of the property does not relieve an owner of such liability. Thus, we may have liability with respect to apartment communities previously sold by our predecessors or by us. There have been a number of lawsuits against owners and operators of multifamily apartment communities alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate. Some of these lawsuits have resulted in substantial monetary judgments or settlements. Insurance carriers have reacted to these liability awards by excluding mold-related claims from standard policies and pricing mold endorsements separately. We have obtained a separate pollution insurance policy that covers mold-related claims and have adopted programs designed to minimize the existence of mold in any of our apartment communities as well as guidelines for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold. To the extent not covered by our pollution policy, the presence of mold could expose us to liability from residents and others if property damage or health concerns, or allegations thereof, arise. Our business and operations are subject to physical and transition risks related to climate change. Many of our apartment communities are located in areas, such as coastal regions, that have historically been vulnerable to extreme weather events. To the extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, areas where many of our communities are located could experience more frequent and intense extreme weather events and rising sea levels, which may cause significant damage to our properties, disrupt our operations and adversely impact our residents and rental revenue. Over time, such conditions could result in reduced demand for housing in areas where our communities are located, as well as higher costs for mitigating or repairing damage related to the effects of climate change, some which may not be fully covered by insurance. Similarly, these conditions may also negatively impact the types, pricing and terms of insurance we are able to procure. Changes in federal, state and local laws and regulations on sustainable buildings could result in increased operating costs and capital expenditures for us to meet mandated levels of energy efficiency and/or greenhouse gas emissions performance with respect to our existing communities and could also require us to spend more on our new development communities without a corresponding increase in rental revenues. For example, various laws and regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, “green” building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, construction materials, water and energy efficiency and waste management. The imposition of such requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing communities (for example by requiring retrofits of existing communities to improve their energy efficiency and/or resistance to inclement weather) and developing new communities without creating corresponding increases in rental revenues, which would have an adverse impact on our operating results and could adversely impact the value of our properties. Additionally, if non-compliant with building efficiency standards, our existing communities may decrease in value. 12 Operations from new acquisitions, development projects, redevelopment activities, and platform initiatives may fail to perform as expected. We intend to continue to acquire, develop and redevelop apartment communities as part of our business strategy. Newly acquired, developed or renovated properties may not perform as we expect. We may also overestimate the revenue (or underestimate the expenses) that a new or repositioned property may generate. The occupancy rates and rents at these properties may fail to meet our expectations underlying our investment. In addition, with respect to acquisitions, we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate acquired apartment communities and new personnel into our existing operations, and the failure to successfully integrate those apartment communities or personnel would result in inefficiencies that could adversely affect our expected return on our investments. Likewise, we may acquire properties that are subject to liabilities or that have problems relating to environmental condition, state of title, physical condition or compliance with zoning laws, building codes or other legal requirements. In each case, our acquisition may be without any, or with only limited, recourse with respect to unknown liabilities or conditions, and we may be obligated to pay substantial sums to settle or cure it, which could adversely affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, we intend to continue to implement platform initiatives across our apartment communities as part of our business strategy. Once implemented, platform initiatives may not perform as we expect. We may also overestimate the revenue (or expense savings) that such platform initiatives may generate. Our implementation of long-standing succession planning could have adverse effects. To reduce the risk of disruption from the planned retirement and unexpected departure of long-term employees and board members, we engage in succession planning to identify and develop in-house candidates for leadership and key executive positions within the company, recruit talented associates to fill areas of expertise needed within the company, and continually assess the needs of MAA’s Board of Directors to ensure stable governance of the company. In the last few years, we have transformed our executive team by elevating several internal candidates to key leadership positions. Such significant change over a relatively short period of time could result in unintended negative effects, such as creating employee dissatisfaction that could affect retention of other key employees or impacting short-term strategic initiatives, which could adversely affect our business. We are subject to certain risks associated with selling apartment communities, which could limit our operational and financial flexibility. We plan to sell apartment communities that no longer meet our long-term strategy. However, adverse market conditions could limit our ability to sell properties when we want and to change our portfolio promptly to meet our strategic objectives. Likewise, federal tax laws applicable to REITs limit our ability to profit on the sale of properties, and this limitation could prevent us from selling properties when market conditions are favorable. From time to time, we may dispose of properties in transactions intended to qualify as “like-kind exchanges” under Section 1031 of the Code. If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. Development and construction risks could impact our profitability. As of December 31, 2025, we had eight development communities under construction representing 2,522 units once complete. We may make further investments in these and other development communities as opportunities arise and may do so through joint ventures with unaffiliated parties. Our development and construction activities are subject to the following risks: • we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased development costs, could delay initial occupancy dates for all or a portion of a development community and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project for which we are unable to obtain permits or authorizations; • we may be unable to obtain financing for development activities under favorable terms, which could cause a delay in construction resulting in increased costs, decreases in revenue and potentially cause us to abandon the opportunity; • yields may be less than anticipated as a result of delays in completing projects, costs that exceed budget, higher than expected concessions for lease-up and lower rents than initially estimated; • bankruptcy of developers in our development projects could impose delays and costs on us with respect to the development of our communities and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; • we may abandon development opportunities that we have already begun to explore, and we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in connection with exploring such opportunities; • we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of an apartment community on schedule, including by reason of work stoppages, labor disputes, shortages of skilled tradespeople and shortages of building components and materials; 13 • we may incur development or construction costs, including labor and building components and materials, that exceed our original estimates and we may be unable to charge rents that would compensate for any increase in such costs; • occupancy rates and rents at a newly developed apartment community may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, preventing us from meeting our profitability goals for that community; • when we sell apartment communities that we developed or renovated, we may be subject to warranty or construction defects that are uninsured or exceed the limit of our insurance; • our failure to successfully enter into a joint venture agreement may prohibit an otherwise advantageous investment; • changes in laws and regulations, or enforcement priorities, such as the imposition of tariffs or changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, could result in higher building component costs, tighter overall labor conditions and a shortage of skilled tradespeople, which could increase our costs of development and cause delays in the construction of our development communities; and • adoption of laws and regulations designed to address climate change and its effects, including “green” building codes, could increase our costs of development and cause delays in the construction of our development communities. Increasing real estate taxes, utilities and insurance premiums, as well as changes in the terms and conditions of our insurance policies, may negatively impact operating results. As a result of our substantial real estate holdings, the cost of real estate taxes, utilities and insurance for our apartment communities represents a significant component of expense. These costs are subject to substantial increases and fluctuations, which can be widely outside of our control. For example, the current and potential impacts of climate change, along with the increased risk of extreme weather events and natural disasters have caused significant increases in our property insurance premiums and may adversely affect the availability and terms of coverage in the future. Additionally, “social inflation” has caused the cost of general liability claims to rise at a rate well above general economic inflation, primarily due to a trend in increasing litigation costs related to unpredictable jury verdicts for plaintiffs seeking large monetary relief for their injuries. Premises liability is of particular concern for multifamily apartment owners. In general, these factors have pressured insurance premiums and made it more challenging to obtain appropriate coverage at reasonable rates without assuming higher levels of self-retained risk. If the costs associated with real estate taxes, utilities and insurance premiums continue to rise without being offset by corresponding increases in rental revenues or, in the case of insurance, strategic self-retention of risk, our operating results could be negatively impacted, potentially affecting our ability to meet debt obligations and make distributions. Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents, and we may be unable to renew leases or relet units as leases expire. Our apartment leases are generally for a term of approximately one year. The short-term nature of these leases generally serves to reduce our risk to adverse effects of inflation as our leases allow for adjustments in the rental rate at the time of renewal, which may enable us to seek rent increases. However, since our leases typically permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 14 We rely on information technology systems in our operations, and any breach or security failure of those systems could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We rely on proprietary and third-party information technology systems to process, transmit and store information and to manage or support our business processes. We store and maintain confidential financial and business information regarding us and persons with whom we do business on our information technology systems. We also collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing and property management activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our employees in connection with their employment. In addition, we engage third-party service providers that may collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents, prospective residents and employees in connection with providing business services to us, including web hosting, property management, leasing, accounting, payroll and benefit services. The protection of the information technology systems on which we rely is critically important to us. As described in more detail under the heading "Cybersecurity" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we take steps, and generally require third-party service providers to take steps, to protect the security of the information maintained in our and our service providers’ information technology systems, including the use of systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmitting and storing of the information. However, we face risks associated with breaches or security failures of the information technology systems on which we rely, which could result from, among other incidents, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses or employee error or misconduct. This risk of a data breach or security failure, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusion, has generally increased due to the rise in new technologies, such as ransomware and generative artificial intelligence, and the increased sophistication and activities of the perpetrators of attempted attacks and intrusions, including as a result of the intensification of state-sponsored cybersecurity attacks during periods of geopolitical conflict, such as the ongoing conflicts involving Ukraine and in the Middle East. The security measures put in place by us and our service providers cannot provide absolute security and there can be no assurance that we or our service providers will not suffer a data security incident in the future, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to sensitive information stored on our or our service providers’ systems, that such access will not, whether temporarily or permanently, impact, interfere with or interrupt our operations, or that any such incident will be discovered in a timely manner. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable as the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies, by us and our third-party service providers, may also heighten our cybersecurity risks by making cyber attacks more difficult to detect, contain and mitigate. In addition, third-party information technology 

=== MAA_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2026. 38 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equit y Securities and Use of Proceeds. Purchases of Equity Securities In December 2015, MAA’s Board of Directors authorized a 4 million share repurchase program. The following table summarizes all of MAA’s repurchases of shares of its common stock under this program during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) Beginning Balance 206,916 $ 131.61 206,916 3,793,084 January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 — $ — — 3,793,084 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 258,276 $ 130.98 258,276 3,534,808 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 299,489 $ 130.02 299,489 3,235,319 Balance as of March 31, 2026 764,681 764,681 3,235,319 (1) This column reflects the number of shares of MAA’s common stock that are available for purchase under the 4.0 million share repurchase program authorized by MAA’s Board of Directors in December 2015. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, certain of the Company’s employees surrendered shares of common stock owned by them to satisfy their statutory federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of restricted shares of common stock issued under our Long Term Incentive Plan (the “LTIP”). The following table summarizes all of these repurchases during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 6,157 $ 138.79 N/A N/A February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 — $ — N/A N/A March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 32 $ 133.86 N/A N/A Total 6,189 (1) The shares reflected in this column are shares of MAA’s common stock surrendered by employees to satisfy their statutory minimum federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of restricted shares. (2) The price per share is based on the closing price of MAA’s common stock as of the date of determination of the statutory minimum for federal and state tax obligations. Item 3. Defaults Upo n Senior Securities. Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information . Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the quarter ended March 31, 2026 , no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as that term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the quarter ended March 31, 2026 , no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as that term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 39 Item 6. E xhibits. (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Composite Charter of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., dated as of December 12, 2023 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 3.3 Composite Certificate of Limited Partnership of Mid-America Apartments, L.P. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 1, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 3.4 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mid-America Apartments, L.P. dated as of October 1, 2013 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference) 3.5 First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Mid-America Apartments, L.P. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference) 4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2017, by and between Mid-America Apartments, L.P. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 4.2 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 10, 2025, by and between Mid-America Apartments, L.P. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference) 10.1 Amended Settlement Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2026, by and among Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., Mid-America Apartments, L.P. and the Plaintiffs named therein 31.1 MAA Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 MAA Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.3 MAALP Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.4 MAALP Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1* MAA Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2* MAA Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.3* MAALP Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.4* MAALP Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 Interactive Data Files submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of MAA or MAALP, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. 40 SIGNA TURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MID-AMERICA APARTMENT COMMUNITIES, INC. Date: April 30, 2026 By: /s/ David Herring David Herring Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) 41 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. MID-AMERICA APARTMENTS, L.P. By: Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc., its general partner Date: April 30, 2026 /s/ David Herring David Herring Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) 42 