=== PG_2025-08-04.htm.gz ===
Item 1A for additional information. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. Not applicable. The Procter Gamble Company 11 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The names, ages and positions held by the Executive Officers of the Company on August 4, 2025, are: Name Position Age First Elected to Officer Position Jon R. Moeller Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 61 2009 (1) Shailesh Jejurikar Chief Operating Officer 58 2018 (2) Andre Schulten Chief Financial Officer 54 2021 (3) Gary A. Coombe Chief Executive Officer - Grooming 61 2014 (( ) Jennifer L. Davis Chief Executive Officer - Health Care 54 2022 (4) Ma. Fatima D. Francisco Chief Executive Officer - Baby, Feminine and Family Care 57 2018 (5) R. Alexandra Keith Chief Executive Officer - Beauty and Executive Sponsor for Corporate Sustainability 57 2017 (6) Sundar Raman Chief Executive Officer - Fabric and Home Care 50 2021 (7) Victor Aguilar Chief Research, Development and Innovation Officer 58 2020 (8) Marc S. Pritchard Chief Brand Officer 65 2008 (( ) Balaji Purushothaman Chief Human Resources Officer 56 2023 (9) Susan Street Whaley Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 51 2022 (10) All the Executive Officers named above have been employed by the Company for more than the past five years. (1) Mr. Moeller previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer (2021 - 2022), Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (2019 - 2021), Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (2017 - 2019) and as Chief Financial Officer (2009 - 2017). (2) Mr. Jejurikar previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Fabric and Home Care (2019 - 2021). (3) Mr. Schulten previously served as Senior Vice President - Baby Care, North America (2018 - 2021). (4) Ms. Davis previously served as President - Feminine Care (2019 - 2022). (5) Ms. Francisco previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Baby and Feminine Care (2019 - 2021). (6) Ms. Keith previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Beauty (2017 - 2022). (7) Mr. Raman previously served as President - Home Care and P G Professional (2020 - 2021) and President - Fabric Care, North America and P G Professional (2019 - 2020). (8) Mr. Aguilar previously served as Senior Vice President - Research Development, Corporate Function Research Development (2020). (9) Mr. Purushothaman previously served as Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Global Total Rewards, Employee and Labor Relations and Corporate Services (2020 - 2022) and as Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Beauty, Grooming and Family Care (2015 - 2020). (10) Ms. Whaley previously served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel - North America, Practice Groups and Sector Business Units (2019 - 2022). 12 The Procter Gamble Company PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Our Share Repurchase Program 4/1/2025 - 4/30/2025 (3) 5/1/2025 - 5/31/2025 4,317,165 $162.14 4,317,165 (3) 6/1/2025 - 6/30/2025 (3) Total 4,317,165 $162.14 4,317,165 (3) (1) All transactions are reported on a trade date basis and were made in the open market with large financial institutions. This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy tax withholding requirements on option exercises and other equity-based transactions. The Company administers cashless exercises through an independent third party and does not repurchase stock in connection with cashless exercises. (2) Average price paid per share for open market transactions excludes commission. (3) In accordance with the repurchase program announced on July 30, 2024, the Company reaffirmed in its earnings release on April 24, 2025, that it expected to reduce outstanding shares through direct share repurchases at a value of $6 to $7 billion in fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding any purchases under the Company's compensation and benefit plans. The share repurchases were authorized pursuant to a resolution issued by the Company's Board of Directors and were financed through a combination of operating cash flows and issuance of debt. The total value of the shares purchased under the share repurchase plan was $6.5 billion. The share repurchase plan ended on June 30, 2025. Additional information required by this item can be found in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPHS Market and Dividend Information P G has been paying a dividend for 135 consecutive years since its incorporation in 1890 and has increased its dividend for 69 consecutive years since 1956. Over the past ten years, the dividend has increased at an annual compound average rate of 5%. Nevertheless, as in the past, further dividends will be considered after reviewing dividend yields, profitability and cash flow expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors. (in dollars; split-adjusted) 1956 1965 1975 1985 1995 2005 2015 2025 Dividends per share $ 0.01 $ 0.03 $ 0.06 $ 0.16 $ 0.35 $ 1.03 $ 2.59 $ 4.08 The Procter Gamble Company 13 Common Stock Information P G trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol PG. As of June 30, 2025, there were approximately 6 million common stock shareowners, including shareowners of record, participants in P G stock ownership plans and beneficial owners with accounts at banks and brokerage firms. Shareholder Return The following graph compares the cumulative total return of P G s common stock for the five-year period ended June 30, 2025, against the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Stock Index (broad market comparison) and the S P 500 Consumer Staples Index (line of business comparison). The graph and table assume $100 was invested on June 30, 2020, and that all dividends were reinvested. Cumulative Value of $100 Investment, through June 30 Company Name/Index 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 P G $ 100 $ 116 $ 126 $ 137 $ 152 $ 151 S P 500 100 141 126 151 187 216 S P 500 Consumer Staples 100 123 131 140 152 170 Item 6. Intentionally Omitted. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, in the following sections: Management's Discussion and Analysis, Risk Factors and "Notes 4, 8 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements." These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 14 The Procter Gamble Company Risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, changes in global interest rates and rate differentials, currency exchange or pricing controls and tariffs; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the Company to effect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to successfully manage uncertainties related to changing political and geopolitical conditions and potential implications such as exchange rate fluctuations, market contraction, boycotts, variability and unpredictability in trade relations, sanctions, tariffs or other trade controls; (4) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit rating; (5) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including execution of supply chain optimizations and sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and to manage disruption of business due to various factors, including ones outside of our control, such as natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism or disease outbreaks; (6) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including prices of commodities and raw materials and costs of labor, transportation, energy, pensions and healthcare; (7) the ability to compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing sales channels, including by successfully responding to competitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and trade terms for products; (8) the ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships; (9) the ability to protect our reputation and brand equity by successfully managing real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, packaging content, supply chain practices, social or environmental practices or similar matters that may arise; (10) the ability to successfully manage the financial, legal, reputational and operational risk associated with third-party relationships, such as our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and external business partners; (11) the ability to rely on and maintain key company and third-party information and operational technology systems, networks and services and maintain the security and functionality of such systems, networks and services and the data contained therein; (12) the ability to successfully manage the demand, supply and operational challenges, as well as governmental responses or mandates, associated with a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns; (13) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to changing consumer habits, evolving digital marketing and selling platform requirements and technological advances attained by, and patents granted to, competitors; (14) the ability to successfully manage our ongoing acquisition, divestiture and joint venture activities, in each case to achieve the Company s overall business strategy and financial objectives, without impacting the delivery of base business objectives; (15) the ability to successfully achieve productivity improvements and cost savings and manage ongoing organizational changes while successfully identifying, developing and retaining key employees, including in key growth markets where the availability of skilled or experienced employees may be limited; (16) the ability to successfully manage current and expanding regulatory and legal requirements and matters (including, without limitation, those laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations involving product liability, product and packaging composition, manufacturing processes, intellectual property, labor and employment, antitrust, privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data transfers, artificial intelligence, tax, the environment, due diligence, risk oversight, accounting and financial reporting) and to resolve new and pending matters within current estimates; (17) the ability to manage changes in applicable tax laws and regulations; and (18) the ability to continue delivering progress towards our environmental sustainability ambitions. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected herein is included in the section titled "Economic Conditions and Uncertainties" and the section titled "Risk Factors" (Part I, Item 1A) of this Form 10-K. Purpose, Approach and Non-GAAP Measures The purpose of Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD A) is to provide an understanding of Procter Gamble's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. The MD A is organized in the following sections: Overview Summary of 2025 Results Economic Conditions and Uncertainties Results of Operations Segment Results Cash Flow, Financial Condition and Liquidity Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Other Information Throughout the MD A we refer to measures used by management to evaluate performance, including unit volume growth, net sales, net earnings, diluted net earnings per common share (diluted EPS) and operating cash flow. We also refer to a number of financial measures that are not defined under U.S. GAAP, including organic sales growth, Core earnings per share (Core EPS), adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow productivity. The explanation at the end of the MD A provides the definition of these non-GAAP measures, details on the use and the derivation of these measures, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. The Procter Gamble Company 15 Management also uses certain market share and market consumption estimates to evaluate performance relative to competition despite some limitations on the availability and comparability of share and consumption information. References to market share and consumption in the MD A are based on a combination of vendor-purchased traditional brick-and-mortar and online data in key markets as well as internal estimates. All market share references represent the percentage of sales of our products in dollar terms on a constant currency basis relative to all product sales in the category. The Company measures market shares through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months as compared to the end of the reporting period. Management also uses unit volume growth to evaluate drivers of changes in net sales. Organic volume growth reflects year-over-year changes in unit volume excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and certain one-time items, if applicable, and is used to explain changes in organic sales. In our presentation of data in tables or other charts, certain columns and rows may not add due to rounding. OVERVIEW P G is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in about 70 countries. Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands. Additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). We believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position. Organizational Structure Our organizational structure is comprised of Sector Business Units (SBUs), Enterprise Markets (EMs), Corporate Functions (CF) and Global Business Services (GBS). Sector Business Units The Company's product categories are organized into five SBUs and five reportable segments (under U.S. GAAP): Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric Home Care; and Baby, Feminine Family Care. The SBUs are responsible for global brand strategy, product upgrades and innovation, marketing plans and supply chain. They have direct profit responsibility for markets (referred to as Focus Markets) representing the large majority of the Company's sales and earnings and are also responsible for innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks to drive growth and value creation in the remaining markets (referred to as Enterprise Markets). Throughout the MD A, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of North America, Europe, Greater China, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA). 16 The Procter Gamble Company The following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the product categories and brand composition within each segment. Reportable Segments % of Net Sales (1) % of Net Earnings (1) Product Categories (Sub-Categories) Major Brands Beauty 18% 16% Hair Care ( Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments ) Head Shoulders, Herbal Essences, Pantene, Rejoice Personal Care (2) (Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Personal Cleansing) Native, Old Spice, Safeguard, Secret Skin Care (2) ( Facial Moisturizers, Cleaners and Treatments ) Olay, SK-II Grooming 8% 10% Grooming ( Appliances, Female Blades Razors, Male Blades Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Grooming ) Braun, Gillette, Venus Health Care 14% 15% Oral Care ( Toothbrushes, Toothpastes, Other Oral Care ) Crest, Oral-B Personal Health Care ( Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief, Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care ) Metamucil, Neurobion, Pepto-Bismol, Vicks Fabric Home Care 36% 35% Fabric Care ( Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents ) Ariel, Downy, Gain, Tide Home Care ( Air Care, Dish Care, P G Professional, Surface Care ) Cascade, Dawn, Fairy, Febreze, Mr. Clean, Swiffer Baby, Feminine Family Care 24% 24% Baby Care ( Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants ) Luvs, Pampers Feminine Care ( Adult Incontinence, Menstrual Care ) Always, Always Discreet, Tampax Family Care ( Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper ) Bounty, Charmin, Puffs (1) Percent of Net sales and Net earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 (excluding results held in Corporate). (2) Effective July 1, 2024, the Beauty reportable business segment separated Skin and Personal Care into individual operating segments, Skin Care and Personal Care. This transition included separation of the management team, strategic decision-making, innovation plans, financial targets, budgets and management reporting. Organization Design: Sector Business Units Beauty: The beauty categories in which we compete are hair care, personal care and skin care. We are a global market leader in the retail hair care market with about 20% global market share primarily behind our Head Shoulders and Pantene brands. In personal care, we have the number two market share position with about 20% global market share, primarily behind our Old Spice, Safeguard and Secret brands. In skin care, the Olay brand is one of the top facial skin care brands in the world with about 5% global market share. Grooming: We are the global market leader in the grooming market, where we hold more than 45% share. Our global blades and razors market share is more than 60%, primarily behind our Gillette and Venus brands. Our appliances, such as electric shavers and intense pulse light devices, are sold primarily under the Braun brand. We hold over 25% of the male electric shavers market. Health Care: We compete in oral care and personal health care. In oral care, we are a leader with a nearly 30% global market share behind our Crest and Oral-B brands. In personal health care, we are a global market leader among the categories in which we compete, including respiratory treatments, digestive wellness, sleep aids, vitamins and analgesics behind our Vicks, Metamucil, Pepto-Bismol and Neurobion brands. Fabric Home Care: This segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including laundry detergents, additives and fabric enhancers; and home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air fresheners. In fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two market share position and are the global market leader with over 35% market share in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Tide, Ariel and Downy brands. Our global home care market share is more than 30% across the categories in which we compete, primarily behind our Cascade, Dawn, Febreze and Swiffer brands. Baby, Feminine Family Care: In baby care, we are a global market leader and compete mainly in taped diapers, pants and baby wipes, with more than 30% global market share. We generally have the number one or number two market share position in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Pampers brand. We are the global market leader in the feminine care category with over 30% global market share. We compete in the menstrual care sub-category primarily behind our Always and The Procter Gamble Company 17 Tampax brands with over 35% global market share. We also compete in the adult incontinence sub-category behind Always Discreet, with over 15% market share in the markets in which we compete. Our family care business is predominantly a North American business comprised primarily of the Bounty paper towel and Charmin toilet paper brands. North America market shares are over 40% for Bounty and over 25% for Charmin. Enterprise Markets Enterprise Markets are responsible for sales and profit delivery in specific countries, supported by SBU-agreed innovation and supply chain plans, along with scaled services like planning, distribution and customer management. Corporate Functions Corporate Functions provides company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources, information technology and legal services. Global Business Services Global Business Services provides scaled services in technology, process and data tools to enable the SBUs, the EMs and CF to better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class services and solutions that drive value for P G. Strategic Focus Procter Gamble aspires to serve the world s consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every country in which we compete and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Delivering and sustaining leadership levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash generation. Our strategy is to deliver and sustain value creation through five integrated choices: a portfolio of daily-use products where performance drives brand choice; superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value; productivity; constructive disruption of the entire value chain; and a highly efficient and effective organization structure. The Company competes in daily-use product categories where performance plays a significant role in the consumer's choice of brands, and therefore, plays to P G's strengths. Our focused portfolio of businesses consists of product categories where P G has strong brands and consumer-meaningful product technologies with typically leadership market positions. Within these categories, our strategic choices are focused on delighting and winning with consumers. Our consumers are at the center of everything we do. We win with consumers by delivering irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. Winning with consumers around the world and against our best competitors requires superior innovation. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P G s lifeblood. Superior products delivered with superior execution drive market growth, value creation for retailers and build share growth for P G. Ongoing productivity improvement is strategic and crucial to delivering our balanced top- and bottom-line growth, cash generation and value creation objectives. Productivity improvement enables investments to strengthen the superiority of our brands via product and packaging innovation, more efficient and effective supply chains, equity and awareness-building brand advertising and other programs and expansion of sales coverage and research and development programs. Productivity improvements also enable us to mitigate and manage through periods of challenging cost environments (including periods of increasing commodity, inflation and negative foreign exchange impacts). Our objective is to drive productivity improvements across all elements of the statement of earnings and balance sheet, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional spending, overhead costs and capital spending. We act with agility and are constructively disrupting our highly competitive industry and the way we do business, including how we innovate, communicate and leverage new technologies, to create more value. We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability and incentive compensation programs. Additionally, to further strengthen our integrated strategy, we have declared four focus areas. These are 1) leveraging environmental sustainability as an additional driver of superior performing products and packaging innovations, 2) increasing digital acumen to drive consumer and customer preference, reduce cost and enable rapid and efficient decision making, 3) developing next-level supply chain capabilities to enable flexibility, agility, resilience and a new level of productivity and 4) delivering a superior employee value equation for all employees inclusive of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, ages and abilities to ensure we continue to attract, retain and develop the best talent to better serve our increasingly diverse consumer base. We believe this strategy is right for the long-term health of the Company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. The Company expects the delivery of the following long-term growth algorithm will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive, fast-moving consumer goods peer group: Organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete; 18 The Procter Gamble Company Core EPS growth of mid-to-high single digits; and Adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater. While periods of significant macroeconomic pressures may cause short-term results to deviate from the long-term growth algorithm, we intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing in our business. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Limited Market Portfolio Restructuring In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company started a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed this limited market portfolio restructuring with the substantial liquidation of its operations in Argentina and recorded incremental restructuring charges of $801 million after tax, comprised primarily of non-cash charges for accumulated foreign currency translation losses previously included in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). The total incremental restructuring charges incurred under the program beginning in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, through the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, were $1.2 billion after tax. Consistent with our historical policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, resulting charges were funded by and included within Corporate for segment reporting. Restructuring charges above the normal ongoing level of restructuring costs were reported as non-core charges. For more details on the restructuring program, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Intangible Asset Impairment During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded a $1.3 billion before tax ($1.0 billion after tax) non-cash impairment charge on an indefinite-lived intangible asset acquired as part of the Company s 2005 acquisition of The Gillette Company. The impairment charge arose from a reduction in the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of the non-core restructuring program described above. This impairment charge adjusted the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset to fair value. For a more detailed discussion of the Gillette impairment, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Focused Portfolio, Supply Chain and Productivity Plan In June 2025, the Company announced a portfolio and productivity plan to streamline its portfolio and organization to improve its cost structure and competitiveness. The Company expects to incur approximately $1.5 to $2.0 billion in before-tax restructuring costs over a two-year period, including costs incurred as part of this plan and the ongoing plan. The Company expects to incur half of the costs under this plan by the end of fiscal 2026, with the remainder incurred in fiscal 2027. The restructuring activities will be executed across the Sector Business Units as well as the Enterprise Markets, Corporate Functions and Global Business Services. These restructuring activities include a plan for a reduction of up to 7,000 non-manufacturing overhead personnel by the end of fiscal 2027. Glad Joint Venture Agreement The Company and The Clorox Company (Clorox) have jointly decided not to renew the Glad joint venture agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, Clorox will purchase the Company s minority interest in the venture at fair market value as of the agreement termination in January 2026. Subject to market conditions and the parties' negotiations with respect to fair market value, the Company expects to receive cash proceeds of approximately $500 million and record an after-tax gain in the range of $250 to $300 million in the third quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2026. SUMMARY OF 2025 RESULTS Amounts in millions, except per share amounts 2025 2024 Change vs. Prior Year Net sales $ 84,284 $ 84,039 % Operating income 20,451 18,545 10 % Net earnings 16,065 14,974 7 % Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble 15,974 14,879 7 % Diluted net earnings per common share 6.51 6.02 8 % Core earnings per share 6.83 6.59 4 % Cash flow from operating activities 17,817 19,846 (10) % Net sales increased $245 million to $84.3 billion versus the prior year. Net sales increased low single digits in Health Care and was unchanged in Grooming, Fabric Home Care and Baby, Feminine Family Care. Net Sales declined low single digits in Beauty. Organic sales, which exclude the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, increased 2%. Organic sales increased low single digits in all Sector Business Units. The Procter Gamble Company 19 Operating income increased $1.9 billion, or 10%, to $20.5 billion due to a reduction in selling, general and administrative costs (SG A) in the current year and the non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset in the prior year. Net earnings increased $1.1 billion, or 7%, to $16.1 billion due to the increase in operating income, partially offset by higher restructuring charges in the current year, which includes $801 million after tax related to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina. Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble increased $1.1 billion, or 7%, to $16.0 billion. Diluted EPS increased 8% to $6.51 due to the increase in net earnings. Core EPS, which excludes incremental restructuring charges and the prior year Gillette intangible asset charge, increased 4% to $6.83. Cash flow from operating activities was $17.8 billion. Adjusted free cash flow, which is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the 2017 U.S. Tax Act, was $14.6 billion. Adjusted free cash flow productivity, which is defined as adjusted free cash flow as a percentage of net earnings excluding the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina, was 87%. ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND UNCERTAINTIES Global Economic Conditions. Our products are sold in numerous countries worldwide, with more than half our sales generated outside the United States. Our largest international markets are Greater China, the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan and Germany and collectively comprised approximately 21% of our net sales in fiscal 2025. As a result, we are exposed to global macroeconomic factors, geopolitical tensions and government policies. We are exposed to various risks due to economic, political and social instabilities, market volatility, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, currency controls, new or increased tariffs, foreign exchange and interest rate changes. These risks can negatively impact our net sales, net earnings and cash flows. For example, we are exposed to risks due to the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. Our Russia business accounted for 1% of consolidated net sales, net earnings and net assets as of June 30, 2025. Foreign Exchange. We have significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, both due to translation and transaction exposures. Translation exposures arise from measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Transaction exposures involve impacts from 1) input costs that are denominated in currencies other than the local reporting currency and 2) revaluation of working capital balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. We have experienced significant foreign exchange impacts in the past due to the weakening of certain foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, which have negatively impacted net sales, net earnings and cash flows. In response to the devaluation of foreign currencies (including those deemed highly inflationary), any lags or inability (due to government restrictions) to implement price increases or the negative impacts of such actions on product consumption may lead to a decline in our net sales, net earnings and cash flows. Commodities and Supply Chain. Our costs are subject to fluctuations due to changes in commodity and input material prices, transportation costs, inflationary impacts and productivity efforts. We have significant exposures to certain commodities and input materials, in particular certain oil-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp. Volatility in the market price of commodities and input materials directly affects our costs. Disruptions in manufacturing, supply and distribution operations can lead to increased costs. Legal or regulatory requirements and sustainability initiatives may result in increased costs. We strive to implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including supply chain optimization and general overhead and workforce optimization. Increased pricing in response to certain inflationary or cost increases may also offset portions of the cost impacts; however, such price increases may negatively impact product consumption. If we are unable to manage cost impacts through pricing actions and consistent productivity improvements, it may negatively impact our net sales, net earnings and cash flows. Government Policies. We are exposed to changes in U.S. and foreign government legislative, regulatory or enforcement policies that can have a negative impact on net sales, net earnings and cash flows. These include tax policy changes (both U.S. and foreign), including those resulting from the current work being led by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework focused on "Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy . Government controls such as currency exchanges, pricing and import authorizations as well as government policies related to environmental and climate change matters and changes to international trade agreements can also impact our financial performance. For additional information on risk factors that could impact our business results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The key metrics included in the discussion of our consolidated results of operations include net sales, gross margin, SG A, operating margin, other non-operating items, income taxes and net earnings. The primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete, product initiatives, competitive activities (the level of initiatives, pricing and other activities by competitors), marketing spending, retail executions (both in- 20 The Procter Gamble Company store and online) and acquisition and divestiture activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as well as our pricing actions (which can also impact volume), changes in product and geographic mix and foreign exchange impacts on sales outside the U.S. Our cost of products sold and SG A are variable in nature to some extent. Accordingly, our discussion of these operating costs focuses primarily on relative margins rather than the absolute year-over-year changes in total costs. The primary drivers of changes in gross margin are input costs (energy and other commodities), pricing impacts, geographic mix (for example, gross margins in North America are generally higher than the Company average for similar products), product mix (for example, the Beauty segment has higher gross margins than the Company average), foreign exchange rate fluctuations (in situations where certain input costs may be tied to a different functional currency than the underlying sales), the impacts of manufacturing savings projects and reinvestments (for example, product or package improvements) and, to a lesser extent, scale impacts (for costs that are fixed or less variable in nature). The primary components of SG A are marketing-related costs and non-manufacturing overhead costs. Marketing-related costs are primarily variable in nature, although we may achieve some level of scale benefit over time due to overall growth and other marketing efficiencies. While overhead costs are variable to some extent, we generally experience more scale-related impacts for these costs due to our ability to leverage our organization and systems' infrastructures to support business growth. The main drivers of changes in SG A as a percentage of net sales are overhead and marketing cost savings, reinvestments (for example, increased advertising), inflation, foreign exchange fluctuations and scale impacts. For a detailed discussion of the fiscal 2024 year-over-year changes, please refer to the MD A in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2024 . Net Sales Net sales increased $245 million to $84.3 billion in fiscal 2025 as an increase in net sales driven by pricing of 1% was mostly offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1%. Volume and mix were unchanged versus the prior year. Net sales increased low single digits in Health Care and was unchanged in Grooming, Fabric Home Care and Baby, Feminine Family Care. Net sales decreased low single digits in Beauty. Organic sales, which exclude the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, increased 2%. Organic sales increased low single digits in all Sector Business Units. Operating Costs Comparisons as a percentage of net sales; fiscal years ended June 30 2025 2024 Basis Point Change Gross margin 51.2 % 51.4 % (20) bps Selling, general and administrative expense 26.9 % 27.7 % (80) bps Operating margin 24.3 % 22.1 % 220 bps Earnings before income taxes 23.9 % 22.3 % 160 bps Net earnings 19.1 % 17.8 % 130 bps Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble 19.0 % 17.7 % 130 bps Gross margin decreased 20 basis points to 51.2% of net sales. The decrease in gross margin was due to: 110 basis points of decline from unfavorable product mix, 50 basis points of product and packaging investments, 30 basis points of higher commodity costs, 20 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange impacts, 10 basis points of higher transportation costs and other costs and 10 basis points of higher costs from tariffs. These decreases were partially offset by: 180 basis points of manufacturing productivity savings and 30 basis points of increase due to higher pricing. Total SG A decreased 3% to $22.7 billion and SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased 80 basis points to 26.9% due to decreased marketing spending and higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period. Marketing spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 50 basis points due to a decrease in marketing spending and productivity savings. Overhead costs as a percentage of net sales decreased 10 basis points as wage inflation headwinds were more than offset by productivity savings, which includes adjustments to variable compensation payouts. Other operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 30 basis points driven by favorable foreign exchange impacts. Productivity-driven cost savings delivered 140 basis points of benefit to SG A as a percentage of net sales. The Procter Gamble Company 21 Operating income increased $1.9 billion, or 10%, to $20.5 billion and operating margin increased 220 basis points to 24.3% due primarily to the decrease in SG A and the non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset in the prior year. For further discussion of the Gillette impairment charge, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Non-Operating Items Interest expense was $907 million, a decrease of $18 million versus the prior year. Interest income was $469 million, a decrease of $4 million versus the prior year. Other non-operating income, net decreased $514 million to $154 million primarily driven by the higher non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina in the current year compared to the same charge due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Nigeria in the prior year. Income Taxes The effective income tax rate for fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, was 20.3%, compared to 20.2% for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by the charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina, partially offset by favorable geographic mix impacts. Net Earnings Earnings before income taxes increased $1.4 billion, or 7%, to $20.2 billion as the increase in operating income, the components of which are discussed above, were partially offset by the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina. Net earnings increased $1.1 billion, or 7%, to $16.1 billion due to the increase in earnings before income taxes, partially offset by the effective income tax rate increase discussed above. Foreign exchange impacts reduced net earnings by approximately $45 million due to a weakening of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar. This impact includes both transactional charges and translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars. Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble increased $1.1 billion, or 7%, to $16.0 billion. Diluted EPS increased $0.49, or 8%, to $6.51 due primarily to the increase in net earnings. SEGMENT RESULTS Segment results reflect information on the same basis we use for internal management reporting and performance evaluation. The results of these reportable segments do not include certain non-business unit specific costs which are reported in Corporate and are included as part of the Corporate discussion. Additionally, we apply blended statutory tax rates in the segments. Eliminations to adjust segment results to arrive at our consolidated effective tax rate are included in Corporate. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on items included in Corporate. Net Sales Change Drivers 2025 vs. 2024 (1) Volume with Acquisitions Divestitures Volume Excluding Acquisitions Divestitures Foreign Exchange Price Mix Other (2) Net Sales Growth Beauty (1) % 1 % (1) % 2 % (2) % % (2) % Grooming 2 % 2 % (2) % 2 % (1) % (1) % % Health Care (1) % (1) % (1) % 1 % 3 % % 2 % Fabric Home Care % 1 % (1) % % 1 % % % Baby, Feminine Family Care % % (1) % % 1 % % % TOTAL COMPANY % 1 % (1) % 1 % % % % (1) Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied. (2) Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales. BEAUTY ($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024 Volume N/A N/A (1)% Net sales $14,964 $15,220 (2)% Net earnings $2,715 $2,963 (8)% % of net sales 18.1% 19.5% (140) bps 22 The Procter Gamble Company Beauty net sales decreased 2% to $15.0 billion as the negative impact of unfavorable mix of 2% (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, which has higher than segment-average selling prices), unfavorable foreign exchange of 1% and a unit volume decrease of 1% was partially offset by the positive impact of higher pricing of 2%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 1%. Global market share of the Beauty segment decreased 0.3 points. Hair Care net sales decreased low single digits. Positive impacts of favorable product mix and higher pricing (driven by Latin America, Europe and North America) were partially offset by negative impacts of divestitures, unfavorable foreign exchange and a unit volume decline. The unit volume decline was driven by a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction and the impact of divestitures), partially offset by increases in Latin America and Europe (both due to market growth). Organic sales increased low single digits due to double-digit growth in Latin America, mid-single-digit growth in Europe and low single-digit growth in North America, partially offset by a high single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the hair care category decreased 0.9 points. Personal Care net sales increased high single digits due to a unit volume increase and the positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by North America), partially offset by negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume increase was driven by growth in North America (due to innovation), Europe (due to distribution expansion and innovation) and Latin America (due to market growth), partially offset by a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction). Organic sales increased high single digits due to a more than 20% increase in Europe, a high-teens increase in Latin America and a high single-digit increase in North America, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decrease in Greater China. Global market share of the personal care category increased 0.5 points. Skin Care net sales decreased high single digits. A unit volume decrease and negative impacts of unfavorable product mix were partially offset by the positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by Greater China and Asia Pacific). The unit volume decrease was driven by a decline in North America (due to distribution losses). Organic sales also decreased high single digits due to mid-teens declines in North America and Asia Pacific and a low single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the skin care category decreased 0.7 points. Net earnings decreased 8% to $2.7 billion due to the decrease in net sales and a 140 basis-point decline in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased due to a decrease in gross margin and an increase in SG A as a percentage of net sales, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. The gross margin decline of 130 basis points was driven by unfavorable product mix (due to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand) and higher commodities, partially offset by increased productivity savings. SG A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in overhead spending and a reduction in net sales. The lower effective tax rate was driven by favorable geographic mix. GROOMING ($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024 Volume N/A N/A 2% Net sales $6,662 $6,654 % Net earnings $1,577 $1,477 7% % of net sales 23.7% 22.2% 150 bps Grooming net sales were unchanged at $6.7 billion driven by a 2% increase in unit volume and higher pricing of 2% across all regions were offset by the negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange of 2%, unfavorable geographic mix of 1% and divestitures of 1%. The unit volume increase was driven by growth in IMEA (due to increased distribution) and Europe (due to market growth), partially offset by a decline in North America (due to retail inventory reduction). Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 2% driven by double-digit growth in Asia Pacific and IMEA and low single-digit growth in Europe, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in North America. Global market share of the Grooming segment decreased 0.1 points. Net earnings increased 7% to $1.6 billion due to a 150 basis-point improvement in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin and a decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase of 50 basis points was driven by productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period. HEALTH CARE ($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024 Volume N/A N/A (1)% Net sales $11,998 $11,793 2% Net earnings $2,440 $2,258 8% % of net sales 20.3% 19.1% 120 bps Health Care net sales increased 2% to $12.0 billion driven by favorable geographic mix of 3% (due to growth in North America and Europe, both of which have higher than segment-average selling prices) and higher pricing of 1%, partially offset by The Procter Gamble Company 23 unfavorable foreign exchange of 1% and a 1% decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 3%. Global market share of the Health Care segment increased 0.2 points. Oral Care net sales increased low single digits due to the positive impacts of favorable product mix (due to growth of premium paste and power brushes, which have higher than category-average selling prices), partially offset by a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume decrease was due to a decline in Greater China (due to market contraction and increased competitive activity) and IMEA (due to share losses), partially offset by growth in North America (due to market growth and innovation). Organic sales increased low single digits due to a high single-digit increase in Europe and a low single-digit increase in North America, partially offset by a mid-teens decline in Greater China. Global market share of the oral care category increased 0.1 points. Personal Health Care net sales increased low single digits due to the positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by Latin America and Europe), favorable product mix and a unit volume increase, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume increase was due to increases in North America (due to share growth) and Latin America (due to market growth). Organic sales increased mid-single digits due to double-digit growth in Latin America, mid-single-digit growth in Europe and low single-digit growth in North America. Global market share of the personal health care category increased 0.2 points. Net earnings increased 8% to $2.4 billion due to the increase in net sales and a 120 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin and a decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase of 60 basis points was driven by productivity savings, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to decreased marketing spending, partially offset by an increase in overhead spending. FABRIC HOME CARE ($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024 Volume N/A N/A % Net sales $29,617 $29,495 % Net earnings $5,848 $5,687 3% % of net sales 19.7% 19.3% 40 bps Fabric Home Care net sales were unchanged at $29.6 billion driven by favorable product mix of 1%, offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1%. Unit volume was unchanged. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 2%. Global market share of the Fabric Home Care segment increased 0.1 points. Fabric Care net sales were unchanged as favorable premium product mix impacts was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Unit volume was unchanged as growth in Europe and North America (both due to innovation) was offset by declines in Greater China and Asia Pacific (both due to market contraction). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by low single-digit increases in North America and Europe, partially offset by a high single-digit decline in IMEA. Global market share of the fabric care category decreased 0.1 points. Home Care net sales increased low single digits. Positive impacts of favorable premium product mix and a unit volume increase were partially offset by negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume increase was due to growth in North America (due to innovation) and Europe (due to market growth). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by low single-digit growth in North America and Europe. Global market share of the home care category increased 0.4 points. Net earnings increased 3% to $5.8 billion due to a 40 basis-point improvement in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to a decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales, partially offset by a decline in gross margin. Gross margin decreased 10 basis points as positive impacts from increased productivity savings were more than offset by negative impacts from unfavorable geographic and product mix and higher commodity costs. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to a reduction in marketing spending. BABY, FEMININE FAMILY CARE ($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024 Volume N/A N/A % Net sales $20,248 $20,277 % Net earnings $4,013 $4,020 % % of net sales 19.8% 19.8% 0 bps Baby, Feminine Family Care net sales were unchanged at $20.2 billion as favorable product mix of 1% was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 1%. Unit volume was unchanged. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 1%. Global market share of the Baby, Feminine Family Care segment decreased 0.2 points. 24 The Procter Gamble Company Baby Care net sales decreased mid-single digits. Negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume, unfavorable foreign exchange and divestitures were partially offset by favorable geographic and product mix (due to a higher proportion of premium-priced diapers). Unit volume decreased across all regions (due to increased competitive activity, market contraction and distribution losses) except unit volume increased in Greater China (due to share gains). Organic sales decreased low single digits driven by declines across all regions except for a double digit increase in Greater China and unchanged organic sales in Latin America. Global market share of the baby care category decreased 0.1 points. Feminine Care net sales were unchanged. Positive impacts of favorable geographic mix and higher pricing (driven primarily by North America) were partially offset by negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange. The unit volume decrease was driven primarily by declines in Greater China (due to market contraction and competitive activity) and Latin America (due to share losses). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by a mid-single-digit increase in North America, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Market share of the feminine care category decreased 0.2 points. Net sales in Family Care, which is predominantly a North American business, increased low single digits driven by a unit volume increase (due to market growth). Organic sales increased mid-single digits. North America's share of the family care category decreased 0.2 points. Net earnings was unchanged at $4.0 billion. Net earnings margin was unchanged as a decrease in gross margin was offset by a decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin decreased 60 basis points primarily due to higher commodity costs and unfavorable category mix, partially offset by productivity savings. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to a reduction in marketing spending and higher foreign exchange transactional charges in the prior year period. CORPORATE ($ millions) 2025 2024 Change vs. 2024 Net sales $794 $601 32% Net earnings/(loss) $(527) $(1,430) N/A Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business segments. These include but are not limited to incidental businesses managed at the corporate level, gains and losses related to certain divested brands or businesses, impacts from various financing and investing activities, certain impacts related to employee benefits, asset impairments and restructuring activities including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Corporate also includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used within the reportable segments to U.S. GAAP. The most notable ongoing reconciling item is income taxes, which adjusts the blended statutory rates that are reflected in the reportable segments to the overall Company effective tax rate. Corporate net sales increased 32% to $794 million due to an increase in net sales of incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Corporate net earnings increased $903 million to a loss of $527 million due primarily to the non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette intangible asset in the prior year, partially offset by incremental restructuring charges in the current year, comprised primarily of the non-cash charge of $752 million for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina. Restructuring Program to Deliver Productivity and Cost Savings The Company has historically had an ongoing restructuring program with annual spending in the range of $250 to $500 million before tax. In fiscal 2024, the Company announced an incremental limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, and during the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed the limited market portfolio restructuring. The total incremental restructuring charges incurred under the program were $1.2 billion after tax. In fiscal 2025, the Company incurred before tax restructuring costs of $1.1 billion, which include the non-cash charge of $752 million for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina. Restructuring accruals of $189 million as of June 30, 2025, are classified as current liabilities. Excluding the non-cash charges of foreign currency translation losses for Argentina, approximately 74% of the restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2025 either have been or will be settled with cash. Consistent with our policies for restructuring-type activities, the resulting charges are funded by and included within Corporate for segment reporting. Savings generated from the Company's restructuring program are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the activities, the timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment. In addition to our restructuring programs, we have additional ongoing savings efforts in our supply chain, marketing and overhead areas that yield additional benefits to our operating margins. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details on the restructuring program. CASH FLOW, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates. Operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. Excess operating cash is used first to fund shareholder dividends. Other discretionary uses include share repurchases and acquisitions to The Procter Gamble Company 25 complement our portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. As necessary, we may supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund these activities. The overall cash position of the Company reflects our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations. Cash Flow Analysis ($ millions) 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 17,817 $ 19,846 Net cash used in investing activities (3,818) (3,504) Net cash used in financing activities (14,036) (14,855) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 14,606 16,946 Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity 87 % 105 % Operating Cash Flow Operating cash flow was $17.8 billion in 2025, a 10% decrease versus the prior year. Net earnings, adjusted for certain non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes and loss on sale of assets) generated approximately $20.3 billion of operating cash flow. Working capital and other impacts consumed $2.5 billion of cash in the period. Accounts receivable decreased slightly resulting in $45 million of cash flow help. Days sales outstanding were flat. Total inventories increased, consuming $324 million of cash, driven primarily by increased safety stock levels and higher commodity costs. These increased input costs and higher inventory levels resulted in a four-day increase in days on hand . Accounts payable decreased, resulting in $542 million use of cash, primarily driven by marketing and overhead activities. Other impacts reduced cash by $1.7 billion primarily driven by postretirement benefit impacts of $806, the payment of the transitional tax related to the 2017 U.S. Tax Act of $562 and a reduction in compensation and marketing accruals. Adjusted Free Cash Flow. We view adjusted free cash flow as an important non-GAAP measure because it is a factor impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. It is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the 2017 U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow is one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and determine their at-risk compensation. Adjusted free cash flow was $14.6 billion in 2025, a decrease of 14% versus the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in operating cash flows as discussed above. Adjusted free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the divestiture of operations in Argentina, was 87% in 2025. Investing Cash Flow Net investing activities used $3.8 billion of cash in 2025, primarily due to capital expenditures. Financing Cash Flow Net financing activities used $14.0 billion of cash in 2025, mainly due to dividends to shareholders and treasury stock purchases, partially offset by the impact of stock options and other and a net debt increase. Liquidity At June 30, 2025, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by $10.7 billion, largely due to accounts payable, short-term borrowings and debt due within one year. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. The Company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs. As of June 30, 2025, the Company had $8.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents related to foreign subsidiaries, primarily in various European and Asian countries. We did not have material cash and cash equivalents related to any country subject to exchange controls that significantly restrict our ability to access or repatriate the funds. Under current law, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future. We utilize short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. We have strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due in commercial paper and bond markets. In addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient funding to meet short-term financing requirements. On June 30, 2025, our short-term credit ratings were P-1 (Moody's) and A-1+ (Standard Poor's), while our long-term credit ratings were Aa3 (Moody's) and AA- (Standard Poor's), all with a stable outlook. We maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial paper program. The current facility is an $8.0 billion facility split between a $3.2 billion five-year facility and a $4.8 billion 364-day facility, which expire in October 2029 and October 2025, respectively. Both facilities can be extended for certain periods of time as specified in the terms of the credit agreement. These facilities are currently undrawn and we anticipate that they will remain undrawn. These credit facilities do not have cross-default or ratings triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at the time of signing. In addition 26 The Procter Gamble Company to these credit facilities, we have an automatically effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC that is available for registered offerings of short- or long-term debt securities. For additional details on debt, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity. Contractual Commitments The following table provides information on the amount and payable date of our contractual commitments as of June 30, 2025. ($ millions) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years After 5 Years RECORDED LIABILITIES Total debt $ 34,852 $ 9,553 $ 6,801 $ 6,150 $ 12,348 Leases 1,079 255 386 240 198 2017 U.S. Tax Act transitional charge (1) 688 688 OTHER Interest payments relating to long-term debt 5,605 878 1,370 936 2,421 Minimum pension funding (2) 617 200 417 Purchase obligations (3) 2,618 893 950 378 397 TOTAL CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENTS $ 45,459 $ 12,467 $ 9,924 $ 7,704 $ 15,364 (1) Represents the U.S. federal tax liability associated with the repatriation provisions of the 2017 U.S. Tax Act. (2) Represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. These future pension payments assume the Company continues to meet its future statutory funding requirements. Considering the current economic environment in which the Company operates, the Company believes its cash flows are adequate to meet the future statutory funding requirements. The projected payments beyond fiscal year 2028 are not currently determinable. (3) Primarily reflects future contractual payments under various take-or-pay arrangements entered into as part of the normal course of business. Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations represent minimum commitments with suppliers and are in line with expected usage. This includes service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced. While the amounts listed represent contractual obligations, we do not believe it is likely that the full contractual amount would be paid if the underlying contracts were canceled prior to maturity. In such cases, we generally are able to negotiate new contracts or cancellation penalties, resulting in a reduced payment. The amounts do not include other contractual purchase obligations that are not take-or-pay arrangements. Such contractual purchase obligations are primarily purchase orders at fair value that are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. We do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES In preparing our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, there are certain accounting policies that may require a choice between acceptable accounting methods or may require substantial judgment or estimation in their application. These include revenue recognition, income taxes, certain employee benefits and goodwill and intangible assets. We believe these accounting policies, and others set forth in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, should be reviewed as they are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. The Company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. Revenue Recognition Our revenue is primarily generated from the sale of finished product to customers. Those sales predominantly contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership, risks and rewards transfer, which can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer. Trade promotions, consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances, in-store merchandising funds, advertising and other promotional activities and consumer coupons, are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending, which is recognized as incurred at the time of the sale. Amounts accrued for trade promotions at the end of a period require estimation, based on contractual terms, sales volumes and historical utilization and redemption rates. The actual amounts paid may be different from such estimates. These differences, which have historically not been significant, are recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. Income Taxes Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income, statutory tax rates and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Also inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments and assumptions regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax balances, primarily net operating loss and other carryforwards, and our ability to uphold certain tax positions. The Procter Gamble Company 27 Realization of net operating losses and other carryforwards is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods, which involves business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will be realized. We operate in multiple jurisdictions with complex tax policy and regulatory environments. In certain of these jurisdictions, we may take tax positions that management believes are supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. These interpretational differences with the respective governmental taxing authorities can be impacted by the local economic and fiscal environment. A core operating principle is that our tax structure is based on our business operating model, such that profits are earned in line with the business substance and functions of the various legal entities in the jurisdictions where those functions are performed. However, because of the complexity of transfer pricing concepts, we may have income tax uncertainty related to the determination of intercompany transfer prices for our various cross-border transactions. We have obtained and continue to prioritize the strategy of seeking advance rulings with tax authorities to reduce this uncertainty. We estimate that our current portfolio of advance rulings reduces this uncertainty with respect to over 70% of our global earnings. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We review these tax uncertainties considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, and adjust them accordingly. We have several audits in process in various jurisdictions. Although the resolution of these tax positions is uncertain, based on currently available information, we believe that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Because there are several estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision, certain future events such as changes in tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Company's income taxes. Employee Benefits We sponsor various postretirement benefits throughout the world. These include pension plans, both defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans, and other postretirement benefit (OPRB) plans consisting primarily of health care and life insurance for retirees. For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPRB plans require assumptions to estimate the net projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and net obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. As permitted by U.S. GAAP, the net amount by which actual results differ from our assumptions is deferred. If this net deferred amount exceeds 10% of the greater of plan assets or liabilities, a portion of the deferred amount is included in expense for the following year. The cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits. The expected return on plan assets assumption impacts our defined benefit expense since many of our defined benefit pension plans and our primary OPRB plan are partially funded. The process for setting the expected rates of return is described in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For 2025, the average return on assets assumptions for pension plan assets and OPRB assets was 6.0% and 8.5%, respectively. A change in the rate of return of 100 basis points for both pension and OPRB assets would impact annual after-tax benefit/expense by approximately $155 million. Since pension and OPRB liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate impacts our plan obligations and expenses. Discount rates used for our U.S. defined benefit pension and OPRB plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high-quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan. For our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against investment grade corporate bonds rated AA or better. The average discount rate on the defined benefit pension plans of 4.2% represents a weighted average of local rates in countries where such plans exist. A 100 basis-point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax benefit expense by approximately $85 million. The average discount rate on the OPRB plan of 5.9% reflects the higher interest rates generally applicable in the U.S., which is where most of the plan participants receive benefits. A 100 basis-point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax OPRB expense by approximately $20 million. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on our defined benefit pension and OPRB plans. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. Accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for those goodwill reporting units and intangible assets that do not have fair values that significantly exceed their underlying carrying values. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment. Certain brand intangible assets are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands. Other acquired intangible assets (e.g., certain brands, customer relationships, patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable useful lives. Our assessment as to brands that have 28 The Procter Gamble Company an indefinite life and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors including competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. Determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. An impairment assessment for determinable-lived intangibles is only required when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. We use the income method to estimate the fair value of these assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. When appropriate, the market approach, which leverages comparable company revenue and earnings multiples, is weighted with the income approach to estimate fair value. If the resulting fair value is less than the asset's carrying value, that difference represents an impairment. Our annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets occurs during the three months ended December 31. Other than our Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset, our goodwill reporting units and our indefinite-lived intangible assets have fair values that significantly exceed their underlying carrying values. As previously disclosed, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion after tax) on the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. The impairment charge arose due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of a new restructuring program focused primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was equivalent to the estimated fair value as of December 31, 2023. Based on our impairment testing performed during the three months ended December 31, 2024, the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset's fair value exceeds its carrying value by greater than 10%. As of June 30, 2025, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was $12.8 billion. Adverse changes in the business or in the macroeconomic environment including foreign currency devaluation, increasing global inflation, or market contraction from an economic recession, could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset and trigger a further impairment charge. The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset are the net sales growth rates (including residual growth rates), discount rate and royalty rates. Net sales growth rates could be negatively impacted by reductions or changes in demand for our Gillette products, which may be caused by, among other things: changes in the use and frequency of grooming products, shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products or potential supply chain constraints. In addition, relative global and country/regional macroeconomic factors could result in additional and prolonged devaluation of other countries currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The residual growth rates represent the expected rate at which the Gillette brand is expected to grow beyond the shorter-term business planning period. The residual growth rates utilized in our fair value estimates are consistent with the brand operating plans and approximates expected long-term category market growth rates. The residual growth rates depend on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, relative currency exchange rates and business activities that impact market share. As a result, the residual growth rates could be adversely impacted by a sustained deceleration in category growth, grooming habit changes, devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar or an increased competitive environment. The discount rate is based on a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, such as further devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar. Spot rates as of the fair value measurement date are utilized in our fair value estimates for cash flows outside the U.S. The royalty rate used to determine the estimated fair value for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is driven by historical and estimated future profitability of the underlying Gillette business. The royalty rate may be impacted by significant adverse changes in long-term operating margins. We performed a sensitivity analysis for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset as part of our annual impairment testing during the three months ended December 31, 2024, utilizing reasonably possible changes in the assumptions for the discount rate, the short-term and residual growth rates and the royalty rates to demonstrate the potential impacts to the estimated fair values. The table below provides, in isolation, the estimated fair value impacts related to a 25 basis-point increase in the discount rate, a 25 basis-point decrease in our shorter-term and residual growth rates, or a 50 basis-point decrease in our royalty rates. Approximate Percent Change in Estimated Fair Value +25 bps Discount Rate -25 bps Growth Rate -50 bps Royalty Rate Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset (5)% (5)% (4)% See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on goodwill and intangible assets. The Procter Gamble Company 29 New Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of June 30, 2025. OTHER INFORMATION Hedging and Derivative Financial Instruments As a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We evaluate exposures on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and netting. We leverage the Company's diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge and prioritize these operational hedging activities over financial market instruments. To the extent we choose to further manage volatility within our financing operations, as discussed below, we enter into various financial transactions which we account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These financial transactions are governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our accounting policies for derivative instruments. Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at-risk modeling. The tests for interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions discussed below are based on the RiskManager value-at-risk model using a one-year horizon and a 95% confidence level. The model incorporates the impact of correlation (the degree to which exposures move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple currency, commodity and interest rate instruments) and assumes that financial returns are normally distributed. Estimates of volatility and correlations of market factors are drawn from the RiskMetrics dataset as of June 30, 2025. In cases where data is unavailable in RiskMetrics , a reasonable proxy is included. Our market risk exposures relative to interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, as discussed below, have not changed materially versus the previous reporting period. In addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would significantly impact such exposures in the near term. Interest Rate Exposure. We are exposed to interest rate movements due to our long and short-term borrowing program. Interest rate swaps are used to manage exposures to interest rates on underlying debt obligations. Certain interest rate swaps denominated in foreign currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange rate movements on our investments in foreign operations. These currency interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the Company's foreign net investments. Based on our interest rate exposure as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, including derivative and other instruments sensitive to interest rates, we believe a near-term change in interest rates, at a 95% confidence level based on historical interest rate movements, would not materially affect our financial statements. Currency Rate Exposure. Because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to movements in currency exchange rates. We leverage the Company s diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge. Corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity. To manage the exchange rate risk associated with the financing of our operations, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps with maturities of less than 18 months. Based on our currency rate exposure on derivative and other instruments as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, we believe, at a 95% confidence level based on historical currency rate movements, the impact on such instruments of a near-term change in currency rates would not materially affect our financial statements. Commodity Price Exposure. We use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. We may use futures, options and swap contracts to manage the volatility related to the above exposures. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, we did not have any financial commodity hedging activity. Measures Not Defined By U.S. GAAP In accordance with the SEC's Regulation S-K Item 10(e), the following provides definitions of non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measure. We believe that these measures provide useful perspective on underlying business trends (i.e., trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a supplemental measure of year-on-year results. The non-GAAP measures described below are used by management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes. These measures may be useful to investors, as they provide supplemental information about business performance and provide investors with a view of our business results through the eyes of management. These measures are also used to evaluate senior management and are a factor in determining their at-risk compensation. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related GAAP measures but rather as supplemental information to our business results. These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted. Organic Sales Growth. Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. We believe this measure provides investors with a 30 The Procter Gamble Company supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. This measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. The following tables provide a numerical reconciliation of net sales growth to organic sales growth: Fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 Net Sales Growth Foreign Exchange Impact Acquisition Divestiture Impact/Other (1) Organic Sales Growth Beauty (2) % 1 % 2 % 1 % Grooming % 2 % % 2 % Health Care 2 % 1 % % 3 % Fabric Home Care % 1 % 1 % 2 % Baby, Feminine Family Care % 1 % % 1 % TOTAL COMPANY % 1 % 1 % 2 % (1) Acquisition Divestiture Impact/Other includes the volume and mix impact of acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile net sales to organic sales. Adjusted Free Cash Flow. Adjusted free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the 2017 U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow represents the cash that the Company is able to generate after taking into account planned maintenance and asset expansion. We view adjusted free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor used in determining the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow ($ millions): Operating Cash Flow Capital Spending 2017 U.S. Tax Act Payments Adjusted Free Cash Flow 2025 $ 17,817 $ (3,773) $ 562 $ 14,606 2024 $ 19,846 $ (3,322) $ 422 $ 16,946 Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity. Adjusted free cash flow productivity is defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding the non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria and Argentina, and the Gillette intangible asset impairment charge. We view adjusted free cash flow productivity as a useful measure to help investors understand P G s ability to generate cash. Adjusted free cash flow productivity is used by management in making operating decisions, in allocating financial resources and for budget planning purposes. This measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow productivity ($ millions): Adjusted Free Cash Flow Net Earnings Adjustments to Net Earnings (1) Net Earnings as Adjusted Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity 2025 $ 14,606 $ 16,065 $ 752 $ 16,817 87 % 2024 $ 16,946 $ 14,974 $ 1,242 $ 16,216 105 % (1) Adjustments to Net Earnings relate to a non-cash charge for accumulated foreign currency translation losses due to the substantial liquidation of operations in Argentina in fiscal 2025 and certain Enterprise Markets, including Nigeria, in fiscal 2024, and the after-tax Gillette intangible asset impairment charge in fiscal 2024. Core EPS. Core EPS is a measure of the Company's diluted EPS excluding items that are not judged by management to be part of 