=== PG_2025-08-04.htm.gz ===
Item 1A for additional information. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. Not applicable. The Procter Gamble Company 11 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The names, ages and positions held by the Executive Officers of the Company on August 4, 2025, are: Name Position Age First Elected to Officer Position Jon R. Moeller Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 61 2009 (1) Shailesh Jejurikar Chief Operating Officer 58 2018 (2) Andre Schulten Chief Financial Officer 54 2021 (3) Gary A. Coombe Chief Executive Officer - Grooming 61 2014 (( ) Jennifer L. Davis Chief Executive Officer - Health Care 54 2022 (4) Ma. Fatima D. Francisco Chief Executive Officer - Baby, Feminine and Family Care 57 2018 (5) R. Alexandra Keith Chief Executive Officer - Beauty and Executive Sponsor for Corporate Sustainability 57 2017 (6) Sundar Raman Chief Executive Officer - Fabric and Home Care 50 2021 (7) Victor Aguilar Chief Research, Development and Innovation Officer 58 2020 (8) Marc S. Pritchard Chief Brand Officer 65 2008 (( ) Balaji Purushothaman Chief Human Resources Officer 56 2023 (9) Susan Street Whaley Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 51 2022 (10) All the Executive Officers named above have been employed by the Company for more than the past five years. (1) Mr. Moeller previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer (2021 - 2022), Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (2019 - 2021), Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (2017 - 2019) and as Chief Financial Officer (2009 - 2017). (2) Mr. Jejurikar previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Fabric and Home Care (2019 - 2021). (3) Mr. Schulten previously served as Senior Vice President - Baby Care, North America (2018 - 2021). (4) Ms. Davis previously served as President - Feminine Care (2019 - 2022). (5) Ms. Francisco previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Baby and Feminine Care (2019 - 2021). (6) Ms. Keith previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Beauty (2017 - 2022). (7) Mr. Raman previously served as President - Home Care and P G Professional (2020 - 2021) and President - Fabric Care, North America and P G Professional (2019 - 2020). (8) Mr. Aguilar previously served as Senior Vice President - Research Development, Corporate Function Research Development (2020). (9) Mr. Purushothaman previously served as Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Global Total Rewards, Employee and Labor Relations and Corporate Services (2020 - 2022) and as Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Beauty, Grooming and Family Care (2015 - 2020). (10) Ms. Whaley previously served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel - North America, Practice Groups and Sector Business Units (2019 - 2022). 12 The Procter Gamble Company PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Our Share Repurchase Program 4/1/2025 - 4/30/2025 (3) 5/1/2025 - 5/31/2025 4,317,165 $162.14 4,317,165 (3) 6/1/2025 - 6/30/2025 (3) Total 4,317,165 $162.14 4,317,165 (3) (1) All transactions are reported on a trade date basis and were made in the open market with large financial institutions. This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy tax withholding requirements on option exercises and other equity-based transactions. The Company administers cashless exercises through an independent third party and does not repurchase stock in connection with cashless exercises. (2) Average price paid per share for open market transactions excludes commission. (3) In accordance with the repurchase program announced on July 30, 2024, the Company reaffirmed in its earnings release on April 24, 2025, that it expected to reduce outstanding shares through direct share repurchases at a value of $6 to $7 billion in fiscal year 2025, notwithstanding any purchases under the Company's compensation and benefit plans. The share repurchases were authorized pursuant to a resolution issued by the Company's Board of Directors and were financed through a combination of operating cash flows and issuance of debt. The total value of the shares purchased under the share repurchase plan was $6.5 billion. The share repurchase plan ended on June 30, 2025. Additional information required by this item can be found in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPHS Market and Dividend Information P G has been paying a dividend for 135 consecutive years since its incorporation in 1890 and has increased its dividend for 69 consecutive years since 1956. Over the past ten years, the dividend has increased at an annual compound average rate of 5%. Nevertheless, as in the past, further dividends will be considered after reviewing dividend yields, profitability and cash flow expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors. (in dollars; split-adjusted) 1956 1965 1975 1985 1995 2005 2015 2025 Dividends per share $ 0.01 $ 0.03 $ 0.06 $ 0.16 $ 0.35 $ 1.03 $ 2.59 $ 4.08 The Procter Gamble Company 13 Common Stock Information P G trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol PG. As of June 30, 2025, there were approximately 6 million common stock shareowners, including shareowners of record, participants in P G stock ownership plans and beneficial owners with accounts at banks and brokerage firms. Shareholder Return The following graph compares the cumulative total return of P G s common stock for the five-year period ended June 30, 2025, against the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Stock Index (broad market comparison) and the S P 500 Consumer Staples Index (line of business comparison). The graph and table assume $100 was invested on June 30, 2020, and that all dividends were reinvested. Cumulative Value of $100 Investment, through June 30 Company Name/Index 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 P G $ 100 $ 116 $ 126 $ 137 $ 152 $ 151 S P 500 100 141 126 151 187 216 S P 500 Consumer Staples 100 123 131 140 152 170 Item 6. Intentionally Omitted. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, in the following sections: Management's Discussion and Analysis, Risk Factors and "Notes 4, 8 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements." These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 14 The Procter Gamble Company Risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, changes in global interest rates and rate differentials, currency exchange or pricing controls and tariffs; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the Company to effect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to successfully manage uncertainties related to changing political and geopolitical conditions and potential implications such as exchange rate fluctuations, market contraction, boycotts, variability and unpredictability in trade relations, sanctions, tariffs or other trade controls; (4) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit rating; (5) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including execution of supply chain optimizations and sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and to manage disruption of business due to various factors, including ones outside of our control, such as natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism or disease outbreaks; (6) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including prices of commodities and raw materials and costs of labor, transportation, energy, pensions and healthcare; (7) the ability to compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing sales channels, including by successfully responding to competitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and trade terms for products; (8) the ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships; (9) the ability to protect our reputation and brand equity by successfully managing real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, packaging content, supply chain practices, social or environmental practices or similar matters that may arise; (10) the ability to successfully manage the financial, legal, reputational and operational risk associated with third-party relationships, such as our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and external business partners; (11) the ability to rely on and maintain key company and third-party information and operational technology systems, networks and services and maintain the security and functionality of such systems, networks and services and the data contained therein; (12) the ability to successfully manage the demand, supply and operational challenges, as well as governmental responses or mandates, associated with a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns; (13) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to changing consumer habits, evolving digital marketing and selling platform requirements and technological advances attained by, and patents granted to, competitors; (14) the ability to successfully manage our ongoing acquisition, divestiture and joint venture activities, in each case to achieve the Company s overall business strategy and financial objectives, without impacting the delivery of base business objectives; (15) the ability to successfully achieve productivity improvements and cost savings and manage ongoing organizational changes while successfully identifying, developing and retaining key employees, including in key growth markets where the availability of skilled or experienced employees may be limited; (16) the ability to successfully manage current and expanding regulatory and legal requirements and matters (including, without limitation, those laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations involving product liability, product and packaging composition, manufacturing processes, intellectual property, labor and employment, antitrust, privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data transfers, artificial intelligence, tax, the environment, due diligence, risk oversight, accounting and financial reporting) and to resolve new and pending matters within current estimates; (17) the ability to manage changes in applicable tax laws and regulations; and (18) the ability to continue delivering progress towards our environmental sustainability ambitions. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected herein is included in the section titled "Economic Conditions and Uncertainties" and the section titled "Risk Factors" (Part I, Item 1A) of this Form 10-K. Purpose, Approach and Non-GAAP Measures The purpose of Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD A) is to provide an understanding of Procter Gamble's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. The MD A is organized in the following sections: Overview Summary of 2025 Results Economic Conditions and Uncertainties Results of Operations Segment Results Cash Flow, Financial Condition and Liquidity Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Other Information Throughout the MD A we refer to measures used by management to evaluate performance, including unit volume growth, net sales, net earnings, diluted net earnings per common share (diluted EPS) and operating cash flow. We also refer to a number of financial measures that are not defined under U.S. GAAP, including organic sales growth, Core earnings per share (Core EPS), adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow productivity. The explanation at the end of the MD A provides the definition of these non-GAAP measures, details on the use and the derivation of these measures, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. The Procter Gamble Company 15 Management also uses certain market share and market consumption estimates to evaluate performance relative to competition despite some limitations on the availability and comparability of share and consumption information. References to market share and consumption in the MD A are based on a combination of vendor-purchased traditional brick-and-mortar and online data in key markets as well as internal estimates. All market share references represent the percentage of sales of our products in dollar terms on a constant currency basis relative to all product sales in the category. The Company measures market shares through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months as compared to the end of the reporting period. Management also uses unit volume growth to evaluate drivers of changes in net sales. Organic volume growth reflects year-over-year changes in unit volume excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and certain one-time items, if applicable, and is used to explain changes in organic sales. In our presentation of data in tables or other charts, certain columns and rows may not add due to rounding. OVERVIEW P G is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in about 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in about 70 countries. Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands. Additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). We believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position. Organizational Structure Our organizational structure is comprised of Sector Business Units (SBUs), Enterprise Markets (EMs), Corporate Functions (CF) and Global Business Services (GBS). Sector Business Units The Company's product categories are organized into five SBUs and five reportable segments (under U.S. GAAP): Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric Home Care; and Baby, Feminine Family Care. The SBUs are responsible for global brand strategy, product upgrades and innovation, marketing plans and supply chain. They have direct profit responsibility for markets (referred to as Focus Markets) representing the large majority of the Company's sales and earnings and are also responsible for innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks to drive growth and value creation in the remaining markets (referred to as Enterprise Markets). Throughout the MD A, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of North America, Europe, Greater China, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA). 16 The Procter Gamble Company The following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the product categories and brand composition within each segment. Reportable Segments % of Net Sales (1) % of Net Earnings (1) Product Categories (Sub-Categories) Major Brands Beauty 18% 16% Hair Care ( Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments ) Head Shoulders, Herbal Essences, Pantene, Rejoice Personal Care (2) (Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Personal Cleansing) Native, Old Spice, Safeguard, Secret Skin Care (2) ( Facial Moisturizers, Cleaners and Treatments ) Olay, SK-II Grooming 8% 10% Grooming ( Appliances, Female Blades Razors, Male Blades Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Grooming ) Braun, Gillette, Venus Health Care 14% 15% Oral Care ( Toothbrushes, Toothpastes, Other Oral Care ) Crest, Oral-B Personal Health Care ( Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief, Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care ) Metamucil, Neurobion, Pepto-Bismol, Vicks Fabric Home Care 36% 35% Fabric Care ( Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents ) Ariel, Downy, Gain, Tide Home Care ( Air Care, Dish Care, P G Professional, Surface Care ) Cascade, Dawn, Fairy, Febreze, Mr. Clean, Swiffer Baby, Feminine Family Care 24% 24% Baby Care ( Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants ) Luvs, Pampers Feminine Care ( Adult Incontinence, Menstrual Care ) Always, Always Discreet, Tampax Family Care ( Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper ) Bounty, Charmin, Puffs (1) Percent of Net sales and Net earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 (excluding results held in Corporate). (2) Effective July 1, 2024, the Beauty reportable business segment separated Skin and Personal Care into individual operating segments, Skin Care and Personal Care. This transition included separation of the management team, strategic decision-making, innovation plans, financial targets, budgets and management reporting. Organization Design: Sector Business Units Beauty: The beauty categories in which we compete are hair care, personal care and skin care. We are a global market leader in the retail hair care market with about 20% global market share primarily behind our Head Shoulders and Pantene brands. In personal care, we have the number two market share position with about 20% global market share, primarily behind our Old Spice, Safeguard and Secret brands. In skin care, the Olay brand is one of the top facial skin care brands in the world with about 5% global market share. Grooming: We are the global market leader in the grooming market, where we hold more than 45% share. Our global blades and razors market share is more than 60%, primarily behind our Gillette and Venus brands. Our appliances, such as electric shavers and intense pulse light devices, are sold primarily under the Braun brand. We hold over 25% of the male electric shavers market. Health Care: We compete in oral care and personal health care. In oral care, we are a leader with a nearly 30% global market share behind our Crest and Oral-B brands. In personal health care, we are a global market leader among the categories in which we compete, including respiratory treatments, digestive wellness, sleep aids, vitamins and analgesics behind our Vicks, Metamucil, Pepto-Bismol and Neurobion brands. Fabric Home Care: This segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including laundry detergents, additives and fabric enhancers; and home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air fresheners. In fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two market share position and are the global market leader with over 35% market share in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Tide, Ariel and Downy brands. Our global home care market share is more than 30% across the categories in which we compete, primarily behind our Cascade, Dawn, Febreze and Swiffer brands. Baby, Feminine Family Care: In baby care, we are a global market leader and compete mainly in taped diapers, pants and baby wipes, with more than 30% global market share. We generally have the number one or number two market share position in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Pampers brand. We are the global market leader in the feminine care category with over 30% global market share. We compete in the menstrual care sub-category primarily behind our Always and The Procter Gamble Company 17 Tampax brands with over 35% global market share. We also compete in the adult incontinence sub-category behind Always Discreet, with over 15% market share in the markets in which we compete. Our family care business is predominantly a North American business comprised primarily of the Bounty paper towel and Charmin toilet paper brands. North America market shares are over 40% for Bounty and over 25% for Charmin. Enterprise Markets Enterprise Markets are responsible for sales and profit delivery in specific countries, supported by SBU-agreed innovation and supply chain plans, along with scaled services like planning, distribution and customer management. Corporate Functions Corporate Functions provides company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources, information technology and legal services. Global Business Services Global Business Services provides scaled services in technology, process and data tools to enable the SBUs, the EMs and CF to better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class services and solutions that drive value for P G. Strategic Focus Procter Gamble aspires to serve the world s consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every country in which we compete and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Delivering and sustaining leadership levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash generation. Our strategy is to deliver and sustain value creation through five integrated choices: a portfolio of daily-use products where performance drives brand choice; superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value; productivity; constructive disruption of the entire value chain; and a highly efficient and effective organization structure. The Company competes in daily-use product categories where performance plays a significant role in the consumer's choice of brands, and therefore, plays to P G's strengths. Our focused portfolio of businesses consists of product categories where P G has strong brands and consumer-meaningful product technologies with typically leadership market positions. Within these categories, our strategic choices are focused on delighting and winning with consumers. Our consumers are at the center of everything we do. We win with consumers by delivering irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. Winning with consumers around the world and against our best competitors requires superior innovation. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P G s lifeblood. Superior products delivered with superior execution drive market growth, value creation for retailers and build share growth for P G. Ongoing productivity improvement is strategic and crucial to delivering our balanced top- and bottom-line growth, cash generation and value creation objectives. Productivity improvement enables investments to strengthen the superiority of our brands via product and packaging innovation, more efficient and effective supply chains, equity and awareness-building brand advertising and other programs and expansion of sales coverage and research and development programs. Productivity improvements also enable us to mitigate and manage through periods of challenging cost environments (including periods of increasing commodity, inflation and negative foreign exchange impacts). Our objective is to drive productivity improvements across all elements of the statement of earnings and balance sheet, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional spending, overhead costs and capital spending. We act with agility and are constructively disrupting our highly competitive industry and the way we do business, including how we innovate, communicate and leverage new technologies, to create more value. We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability and incentive compensation programs. Additionally, to further strengthen our integrated strategy, we have declared four focus areas. These are 1) leveraging environmental sustainability as an additional driver of superior performing products and packaging innovations, 2) increasing digital acumen to drive consumer and customer preference, reduce cost and enable rapid and efficient decision making, 3) developing next-level supply chain capabilities to enable flexibility, agility, resilience and a new level of productivity and 4) delivering a superior employee value equation for all employees inclusive of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, ages and abilities to ensure we continue to attract, retain and develop the best talent to better serve our increasingly diverse consumer base. We believe this strategy is right for the long-term health of the Company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. The Company expects the delivery of the following long-term growth algorithm will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive, fast-moving consumer goods peer group: Organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete; 18 The Procter Gamble Company Core EPS growth of mid-to-high single digits; and Adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater. While periods of significant macroeconomic pressures may cause short-term results to deviate from the long-term growth algorithm, we intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing in our business. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Limited Market Portfolio Restructuring In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company started a limited market portfolio restructuring of its business operations, primarily in certain Enterprise Markets, including Argentina and Nigeria, to address challenging macroeconomic and fiscal conditions. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed this limited market portfolio restructuring with the substantial liquidation of its operations in Argentina and recorded incremental restructuring charges of $801 million after tax, comprised primarily of non-cash charges for accumulated foreign currency translation losses previously included in Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss). The total incremental restructuring charges incurred under the program beginning in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, through the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, were $1.2 billion after tax. Consistent with our historical policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, resulting charges were funded by and included within Corporate for segment reporting. Restructuring charges above the normal ongoing level of restructuring costs were reported as non-core charges. For more details on the restructuring program, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Intangible Asset Impairment During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded a $1.3 billion before tax ($1.0 billion after tax) non-cash impairment charge on an indefinite-lived intangible asset acquired as part of the Company s 2005 acquisition of The Gillette Company. The impairment charge arose from a reduction in the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset due to a higher discount rate, weakening of several currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the impact of the non-core restructuring program described above. This impairment charge adjusted the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset to fair value. For a more detailed discussion of the Gillette impairment, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Focused Por