=== BWA_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or announce publicly any updates to or revisions to any of the forward-looking statements in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, circumstances, or assumptions underlying the statements. 4 Table of Contents This section and the discussions contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in Item 7, subheading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in this report, are intended to provide meaningful cautionary statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Act. This should not be construed as a complete list of all of the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that could adversely affect our expected consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, also may impair our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and prospects. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this report may include non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information that is useful to investors in understanding the underlying performance and trends of the Company. Readers should be aware that non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and should be cautious with respect to the use of such measures. To compensate for these limitations, we use non-GAAP measures as comparative tools, together with GAAP measures, to assist in the evaluation of our operating performance or financial condition. We calculate these measures using the appropriate GAAP components in their entirety and compute them in a manner intended to facilitate consistent period-to-period comparisons. The Company s method of calculating these non-GAAP measures may differ from methods used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for those financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found in this report. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business BorgWarner Inc. (collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company or BorgWarner ) is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1987. The Company is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. BorgWarner s products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. The Company manufactures and sells these products worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles, vans and light trucks). The Company s products are also sold to OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). The Company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. The Company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive OEM in the world. BorgWarner Strategy The Company s current strategy is to focus on profitable growth across its technology-focused product portfolio that supports electric, hybrid and combustion vehicles. This entails growing its product portfolio through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. The Company s balanced portfolio is particularly critical as the automotive industry continues to see electric vehicle adoption volatility across different regions. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company s revenue from eProducts, which include all products utilized on or for electric vehicles ( EVs ) plus those same products and components that are included in hybrid powertrains whose underlying technologies are adaptable or applicable to those used in or for EVs, was approximately $2.6 billion, $2.3 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, or 18%, 17% and 14% of its total revenue, respectively, and the Company s revenue from Foundational products, which include all products utilized on internal combustion engines plus those same products and components that are also included in hybrid powertrains, was approximately $11.7 billion, $11.8 billion and $12.2 billion, respectively, or 82%, 83% and 86% of its total revenue, respectively. Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions Acquisitions have been an integral component of the Company s growth and value creation strategy. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information, including a summary of recent acquisitions. Financial Information About Reportable Segments Refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for financial information about the Company's reportable segments. 6 Table of Contents Narrative Description of Reportable Segments The Company discloses segment information under four reportable segments, consistent with the way operating results are evaluated by management: Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems. Net sales by reportable segment were as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Turbos Thermal Technologies $ 5,772 $ 5,887 $ 6,012 Drivetrain Morse Systems 5,654 5,577 5,549 PowerDrive Systems 2,347 1,937 2,166 Battery Charging Systems 590 729 546 Inter-segment eliminations (47) (44) (75) Net sales $ 14,316 $ 14,086 $ 14,198 The sales information presented above does not include the sales by the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures (see sub-heading Joint Ventures below). Such unconsolidated sales totaled approximately $764 million, $764 million, and $732 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Turbos Thermal Technologies Turbos Thermal Technologies develops and manufactures products to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance. Turbos Thermal Technologies technologies include turbochargers, eBoosters, eTurbos, emissions systems, thermal systems, gasoline ignition technology, smart remote actuators, powertrain sensors, cabin heaters, battery heaters and battery cooling systems. Turbos Thermal Technologies emissions, thermal and turbocharger systems provide several benefits, including increased power for a given engine size, improved fuel economy, reduced emissions and optimized temperatures in propulsion systems and vehicle cabins. Sales of turbochargers for light vehicles represented approximately 21%, 21% and 22% of the Company s net sales for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No other single product line accounted for more than 10% of consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. Turbos Thermal Technologies powertrain products include an array of highly engineered products that complement and enhance the efficiency improvements delivered by many other air management technologies. Drivetrain Morse Systems Drivetrain Morse Systems technologies include hydraulic controls, friction and mechanical clutch products for automatic transmissions and torque-management products. Additionally, Drivetrain Morse Systems products include chain systems as well as variable camshaft phasing products. Drivetrain Morse Systems friction and mechanical products for automatic transmissions include dual clutch modules, friction clutch modules, electromagnetic clutches, friction and separator plates, transmission bands, torque converter clutches, one-way clutches and torsional vibration dampers. Hydraulic controls products for automatic transmissions feature electro-hydraulic solenoids for standard and high-pressure hydraulic systems, transmission solenoid modules and dual clutch hydraulic control modules. 7 Table of Contents Drivetrain Morse Systems torque management products include transfer cases for 4-wheel drive applications ( 4WD ) and couplings for all-wheel drive applications ( AWD ). The segment also includes electronic limited slip differentials ( eLSD ), electric torque vectoring products and axle disconnect systems that will benefit vehicle energy efficiency and vehicle dynamics. Drivetrain Morse Systems chain system products are used on engines in on- and off-road vehicles to drive camshaft and other auxiliary drives, in transmissions and some drivetrain applications for torque transfer. The variable cam phasing products are used for control of engine exhaust and intake valve timing to optimize fuel efficiency, emissions and performance. PowerDrive Systems PowerDrive Systems products and technologies provide industry-leading performance and efficiency with quick-to-market solutions powering current and next-generation electric and hybrid vehicles. PowerDrive Systems technologies include power electronics such as inverters, onboard chargers, DC/DC converters and combination boxes (multiple combined power electronics components). Rotating electric machines are also part of the PowerDrive Systems portfolio, including eMotors and generators as well as fully integrated drive modules ( iDM ) consisting of inverter, eMotor and gear reducer. Additionally, PowerDrive Systems products include electronic controls such as engine control units, transmission control units, battery management systems, propulsion controllers and domain controllers. PowerDrive Systems inverter products power many of the world s leading electric and hybrid vehicles. Additionally, PowerDrive Systems iDMs combine all the benefits of our inverters, eMotors and gear reducers in a single package optimized for cost, performance, noise vibration and harshness and packaging. iDMs contain full software that offers functional safety and cybersecurity. This capability comes from deep experience of over 40 years in the field of automotive software. Applications of iDMs include a wide range of electric and hybrid vehicles globally. Battery Charging Systems Battery Charging Systems products drive electrified propulsion forward by providing high-performance lithium-ion battery systems for electrified bus, truck- and off-highway applications. Battery Charging Systems products include a nickel manganese cobalt battery pack product line and lithium iron phosphate battery packs. The proprietary battery management system provides state-of-the-art functionality like cybersecurity, functional safety and conformity with EU regulations- and ASPICE. These come with the relevant on- and off-highway- as well as marine certifications and are liquid cooled for cycle life up to 6,000 cycles. In February 2025, the Company made the decision to exit its charging business. This decision was made following the Company s continuing evaluation of its product portfolio and future investments. Production operations ceased during the second quarter of 2025. Joint Ventures As of December 31, 2025, the Company had nine joint ventures in which it had a less-than-100% ownership interest. Results from the six joint ventures in which the Company is the majority owner and has a controlling financial interest are consolidated as part of the Company s results. Results from the three joint ventures in which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have a controlling financial interest, were reported by the Company using the equity method of accounting pursuant to which the Company records its proportionate share of each joint venture s income or loss each period. 8 Table of Contents Management of the unconsolidated joint ventures is shared with the Company s respective joint venture partners. Certain information concerning the Company's joint ventures is set forth below: Joint venture Products Year organized Percentage owned by the Company Location of operation Joint venture partner Unconsolidated: NSK-Warner K.K. Transmission components 1964 50% Japan/China NSK Ltd. Turbo Energy Private Limited Turbochargers 1987 32.6% India Sundaram Finance Limited; Brakes India Limited Fast Warner Intelligent Control Systems (Xi an) Co., Ltd. Inverters 2024 49% China Shaanxi Fast Auto Drive Group Consolidated: BuradaWarner LLC Valvetrain and fuel injection equipment 1977 70% Korea BU RA DA Company Limited BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd. 1 Transmission components 1987 60% Korea NSK-Warner Beijing Delphi Wan Yuan Engine Management Systems Co. Ltd. Engine management systems 1999 51% China Beijing Wan Yuan Industry Corporation BorgWarner Shenglong (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. Fans and fan drives 1999 70% China Ningbo Shenglong Automotive Powertrain Systems Co., Ltd. BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Transfer cases 2000 80% China Beijing Hainachuan Automotive Parts Holding Co., Ltd. BorgWarner United Transmission Systems Co., Ltd. Transmission components 2009 66% China China Automobile Development United Investment Co., Ltd. __________________________ 1 BorgWarner Inc. owns 50% of NSK-Warner, which has a 40% interest in BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd. This ownership gives the Company an additional indirect effective ownership percentage of 20% in BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd., resulting in a total effective ownership interest of 80%. Financial Information About Geographic Areas The Company has a global presence. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 16% of the Company s net sales were generated in the United States, and 84% were generated outside the United States. Refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for additional financial information about geographic areas. Product Lines and Customers During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 82% of the Company s net sales were for light-vehicle applications; approximately 10% were for commercial-vehicle applications; approximately 5% were for off-highway vehicle applications; and approximately 3% were to distributors of aftermarket replacement parts. 9 Table of Contents The Company s worldwide net sales to the following customers (including their subsidiaries) were approximately as follows: Year Ended December 31, Customer 2025 2024 2023 Volkswagen 13 % 10 % 11 % Ford 12 % 13 % 14 % No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company s consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. Sales to the Company s top ten customers represented 71% of sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company s automotive products are generally sold directly to OEMs, substantially pursuant to negotiated annual contracts, long-term supply agreements or terms and conditions as may be modified by the parties. Deliveries are subject to periodic authorizations based upon OEM production schedules. The Company typically ships its products directly from its plants to the OEMs. Sales and Marketing Each of the Company s businesses within its reportable segments has its own sales function. Account executives for each of the Company s businesses are assigned to serve specific customers for one or more businesses products. Account executives spend the majority of their time in direct contact with customers purchasing and engineering employees and are responsible for servicing existing business and for identifying and obtaining new business. Because of their close relationship with customers, account executives are able to identify and meet customers needs based upon their knowledge of the Company s product design and manufacturing capabilities. Upon securing a new order, account executives participate in product launch team activities and serve as a key interface with customers. In addition, sales and marketing employees of the Company s reportable segments often work together to explore cross-development opportunities where appropriate. Seasonality The Company s operations are directly related to the automotive and commercial-vehicle industry. Consequently, the Company s segments may experience seasonal fluctuations to the extent vehicle production slows at certain times of the year. For example, model changeovers and vacations during the summer months have generally resulted in lower sales volume in the Company s third quarter, and in China, the Company typically experiences lower sales in the first quarter due to the Chinese New Year. Research and Development The Company conducts advanced propulsion research. This advanced engineering function seeks to leverage know-how and expertise across product lines to create new electrified propulsion systems and modules that can be commercialized. This function oversees the Company's investments in certain venture capital funds that provide seed money for start-up businesses developing new technologies pertinent to the automotive industry and the Company's propulsion strategies. In addition, each of the Company's businesses within its Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems reportable segments has its own research and development ( R D ) organization, including engineers and technicians, engaged in R D activities at facilities worldwide. The Company also operates testing facilities such as prototype, measurement and calibration, life-cycle testing and dynamometer laboratories. By working closely with OEMs and anticipating their future product needs, the Company s R D personnel conceive, design, develop and manufacture new proprietary components and systems. R D personnel 10 Table of Contents also work to improve current products and production processes. The Company believes its commitment to R D will allow it to continue to obtain new orders from its OEM customers. The Company s net R D expenditures are primarily included in selling, general and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Customer reimbursements are netted against gross R D expenditures as they are considered a recovery of cost. Customer reimbursements for prototypes are recorded net of prototype costs based on customer contracts, typically either when the prototype is shipped or when it is accepted by the customer. Customer reimbursements for engineering services are recorded when performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with the contract. Financial risks and rewards transfer upon shipment, acceptance of a prototype component by the customer or upon completion of the performance obligation as stated in the respective customer agreement. Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Gross R D expenditures $ 823 $ 872 $ 856 Customer reimbursements (113) (136) (139) Net R D expenditures $ 710 $ 736 $ 717 Net R D expenditures as a percentage of net sales were 5.0%, 5.2% and 5.1% for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Intellectual Property The Company has approximately 5,000 active domestic and foreign patents and patent applications pending or under preparation and receives royalties from licensing patent rights to others. While the Company considers its patents on the whole to be important, the Company does not consider any single patent, any group of related patents or any single license essential to its operations in the aggregate or to the operations of any of the Company s business groups individually. The expiration of the patents individually and in the aggregate is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or future operating results. The Company owns numerous trademarks, some of which are valuable, but none of which are essential to its business in the aggregate. The Company owns the BorgWarner trade name and numerous trademarks which are material to the Company's business. Competition The Company s reportable segments compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Many of these competitors are larger and have greater resources than the Company. Technological innovation, application engineering development, quality, price, delivery and program launch support are the primary methods of competition. The Company s major non-OEM competitors are Robert Bosch GmbH, Denso Corporation, Garrett Motion, Hitachi, Ltd., Magna Powertrain (an operating unit of Magna International Inc.), Valeo, Schaeffler Group and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited. The Company also competes with certain start-ups in electrification. In addition, a number of the Company s major OEM customers manufacture, for their own use and for others, products that compete with the Company's products. Other current OEM customers could elect to manufacture products to meet their own requirements or to compete with the Company. We cannot 11 Table of Contents guarantee that the Company s business will not be adversely affected by increased competition in the markets in which it operates. For many of its products, the Company s competitors include suppliers in parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export subsidies and/or raw materials subsidies. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. Human Capital Management The Company s ability to sustain and grow its business requires it to hire, retain and develop a highly qualified management team and workforce worldwide. The Company believes the diverse skills, experience, and industry knowledge of its employees significantly benefit its operations and performance. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors oversees human capital management and assesses whether efforts to promote and advance environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) initiatives, practices and objectives, as appropriate, are effectively reflected in executive compensation. The full Board of Directors oversees talent reviews and succession planning for the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had a salaried and hourly workforce 1 as follows: Americas 10,800 Asia 11,900 Europe 14,800 Total workforce 37,500 Salaried 11,600 Hourly 25,900 Total workforce 37,500 The Company uses an array of practices to attract, develop and retain qualified talent, including the following: Attraction and Retention . The Company undertakes a variety of recruitment and retention initiatives designed to expand its talent and leadership pipeline and is committed to recognizing and rewarding employee contributions through competitive pay and benefits. The Company also fosters a workplace culture where everyone feels safe, respected, and valued for their differences. As a part of its focus on retention, the Company closely monitors employee turnover to identify any potential opportunities for improvement. For the year ended December 31, 2025, annual voluntary employee turnover was 10.2% overall 7.4% for salaried employees and 11.8% for hourly employees. 2 Education and Development. The Company provides formal development opportunities at all levels and stages of the career journey of its employees. These opportunities are delivered in a variety of formats so that they are flexible, accessible, scalable and translatable to meet the needs of our evolving workplace and workforce. The Company surpassed its goal to fill the majority of leadership positions internally in 2025 3 . The Company is committed to building a flexible workforce with the skills needed to support customers needs now and in the future. This includes a wide range of initiatives such as leadership development, technical training and mentorship 1 Workforce data is approximate and includes estimated full-time equivalent numbers for contractors and temporary workers. 2 Employee turnover excludes interns, co-ops and apprentices. 3 Leadership is defined as Senior Manager and above, which is the same group that partakes in the Management Incentive Plan (MIP). Majority is defined as more than 50%. 12 Table of Contents programs that strengthen capabilities across our evolving portfolio and respond to changing customer demands. Health and Safety . The safety of the Company s employees is vitally important, and the Company is dedicated to continuously improving safety performance. The Company s safety performance is rooted in strong leadership commitment and support, as well as robust safety management systems. These systems consist of tracking leading and lagging safety indicators, integrating detailed metrics into safety scorecards, engaging employees at every level, training and prevention initiatives, performing risk assessments and inspections, sharing best practices, hosting safety conferences and sponsoring recognition programs. The Company has set goals for the safety of its workforce. Those goals include: Perform in the top quartile for Total Recordable Incident Rate ( TRIR ) and Lost Time Incident Rate ( LTIR ). 4 Implement and then maintain ISO 45001 certification at 100% of its manufacturing sites. 5 In the year ended December 31, 2025: The Company s global workforce accident TRIR was 0.36, which was within top quartile performance. 6 The top quartile for motor vehicle parts manufacturing was lower than or equal to 1.4 according to the BLS. 4 The Company s global workforce accident LTIR was 0.23. 6 The top quartile for motor vehicle parts manufacturing was lower than or equal to 0.2 according to the BLS. 4 95% of the Company s manufacturing sites were ISO 45001 certified. 5 Approximately 13% of the Company s U.S. workforce is unionized. These employees, located at one facility in the state of New York, are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires in September 2028. Employees at certain international facilities are also unionized. The Company believes the current relations with its workforce to be satisfactory. The Company recognizes that, in many of the locations where it operates, employees have freedom of association rights with third-party organizations such as labor unions. The Company respects and supports those rights, including the right to collective bargaining, in accordance with local laws. 4 Based on latest U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (the BLS ), Survey of Occupational Injuries and Illnesses Data, motor vehicle parts manufacturing (NAICS 336300). 5 ISO 45001:2018 certifications include manufacturing locations that supply directly to OEMs, locations that have passed external audit and are awaiting certification, and those undergoing recertification, as required. This excludes new or newly acquired sites during their first 18 months of production and sites scheduled for closure or sale. 6 TRIR and LTIR are based on full-year performance data for 2025 as of January 22, 2026. 13 Table of Contents Raw Materials The Company uses a variety of raw materials in the production of its products, including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, magnets, certain alloy elements and semiconductor chips. Manufacturing operations for each of the Company s operating segments are dependent upon natural gas, fuel oil and electricity. The Company uses a variety of tactics in an attempt to limit the impact of supply shortages, tariffs, export bans and inflationary pressures. The Company s global procurement organization works to accelerate cost reductions, purchase from lower cost regions, optimize the supply base, mitigate risk and collaborate on its buying activities. In addition, the Company uses long-term contracts, cost sharing arrangements, design changes, dual sourcing, customer buy programs and limited financial instruments to help control costs. The Company intends to use similar measures in 2026 and beyond. Refer to Note 17, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information related to the Company s hedging activities. For 2026, the Company believes there will be continued inflationary pressures in certain raw materials, labor and energy. While the Company believes inflation will decrease in some areas, it does not expect to see deflation, which means that it expects supplier costs to remain elevated relative to prior years. Supplies of raw materials are adequate and available from multiple sources to support the Company s manufacturing requirements. Regulations The Company operates in a constantly evolving global regulatory environment and is subject to numerous and varying regulatory requirements for its product performance and material content. The Company s practice is to identify potential regulatory and quality risks early in the design and development process and proactively manage them throughout the product lifecycle through the use of routine assessments, protocols, standards, performance measures and audits. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are managed in collaboration with the Company s OEM customers and implemented through its global systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations. The Company demonstrates material content compliance through the International Material Data System ( IMDS ), which is the automotive industry material data system. In the IMDS, all materials used for automobile manufacturing are archived and maintained to meet the obligations placed on the automobile manufacturers, and thus on their suppliers, by national and international standards, laws and regulations. The Company works collaboratively with a number of stakeholder groups, including government agencies, such as the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, its customers and its suppliers to proactively engage in federal, state and international public policy processes. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for a discussion of the impact of environmental regulations on the Company s business. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 14 Table of Contents Available Information Through its Internet website (www.borgwarner.com), the Company makes available, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished. The Company also makes the following documents available on its Internet website: the Audit Committee Charter; the Compensation Committee Charter; the Corporate Governance Committee Charter; the Company s Bylaws; the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines; the Company s Code of Ethical Conduct; the Company s Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers; and the Company s Insider Trading and Confidentiality Policy. You may also obtain a copy of any of the foregoing documents, free of charge, if you submit a written request to Investor Relations, 3850 Hamlin Road, Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326. You can also find the Company s public filings at a website maintained by the SEC, http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 15 Table of Contents Information About Executive Officers of the Company Set forth below are the names, ages, positions and certain other information concerning the executive officers of the Company as of February 11, 2026. Name (Age) Present Position (Effective Date) Other Positions Held During the Past Five Years (Effective Date) Joseph F. Fadool (59) President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (2025) Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company (2024 2025) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, Emissions, Thermal and Turbo Systems (2019 2024) Craig D. Aaron (48) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company (2024) Vice President and Controller of the Company (2022 2024) Vice President and Treasurer of the Company (2019 2022) Tonit M. Calaway (58) Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company (2020) Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company (2018 2020) Air Products Chemicals, Inc., Member of Board of Directors (2022 Present) W.P. Carey Inc., Member of Board of Directors (2020 Present) Tania Wingfield (59) Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company (2022) Vice President of the Company and General Manager, North America Aftermarket (2021 2022) Vice President and Integration Champion of the Company (2020 2021) Stefan Demmerle (61) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, PowerDrive Systems (2015) Paul A. Farrell (59) Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of the Company (2022) Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of the Company (2020 2021) Delphi Technologies PLC, Senior Vice President Strategy, Sales and Corporate Development (2020) Amy B. Kulikowski (49) Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company (2024) Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc., Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (2022 2024) Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc., Vice President, Global Internal Audit and Compliance (2021 2022) BorgWarner Inc., Assistant Controller, Delphi Accounting and Integration (2020 2021) Isabelle McKenzie (56) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, Drivetrain Morse Systems (2024) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, Morse Systems (2023 2024) Vice President of the Company and General Manager, Americas, Power-Drive Systems (2020 2023) Henk Vanthournout (52) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, Battery Charging Systems (2024) Vice President of the Company and General Manager, Battery Systems (2022 2024) Vice President of the Company and General Manager, Drivetrain Systems Europe (2019 2022) Volker Weng (55) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, Turbos Thermal Technologies (2024) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, Drivetrain Battery Systems (2019 2024) Vice President of the Company and President and General Manager, BorgWarner Emissions Systems and BorgWarner Thermal Systems (2019) 16 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Investors should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information included in this report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impact our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, including our financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, could be adversely affected. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks related to our strategy Our portfolio strategy may prove unsuccessful. Our strategy is to focus on profitable growth across our technology-focused product portfolio that supports electric, hybrid and combustion vehicles by growing our eProducts as well as continuing our focus on Foundational products. Our balanced portfolio is particularly critical as the automotive industry continues to see electric vehicle adoption volatility across different regions. We may not prove successful in our strategy due to many factors, including any of the risks identified in the paragraphs that follow, failure to develop new products that our customers will purchase, technology changes that could render our products obsolete, or the introduction of new technology to which we do not have access, among other things. Our future success is dependent upon us making the right investments at the right times, with the right customers who can rapidly adapt to the market, to support product development in areas of evolving vehicle technologies. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments to grow our eProducts. If the overall adoption of electric vehicles continues to be slower as compared to our expectations, we may not only fail to realize expected rates of return on our existing investments, we may also incur further losses on such investments. Further, if we invest in relationships with the wrong customers or in the wrong markets, then we may still fail to realize expected returns. We expect to continue to pursue business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances that leverage our technology capabilities and enhance our customer base, geographic representation, and scale to complement our current businesses. We regularly evaluate potential growth opportunities. While we believe that such transactions are an integral part of our long-term strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to these activities. Assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. However, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity can be limited, and we can give no assurance that past or future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. Assessing a price for potential transactions is inexact. As noted, we conduct certain of our operations through joint ventures, where we may share ownership and management responsibilities with one or more partners that may not share our goals and objectives. Operating a joint venture may require additional organizational formalities as well as the sharing of information and decision making with our partners. Additional risks associated with joint ventures include one or more partners failing to satisfy contractual obligations, the ability to enforce such obligations, conflicts arising between us and any of our partners, a change in the ownership of any of our partners and less of an ability to control compliance with applicable rules and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and related rules and regulations. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of our total assets. An impairment charge on these assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents We have recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions. We periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or macroeconomic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, dispositions and market capitalization declines may impair these assets. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The risk of impairment to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is higher during the early years following an acquisition as the fair values of these assets align very closely with what was paid to acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. As a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as headroom ) is smaller at the time of acquisition. Until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. When impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. Future acquisitions could present similar risks. Any charges relating to such impairments, such as those recorded for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, could adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized. The failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions and other risks associated with acquisitions could adversely affect our business. The success of our acquisitions is dependent, in part, on our ability to realize the expected benefits from combining our businesses and businesses that we acquire. To realize these anticipated benefits, both companies must be successfully combined, which is subject to our ability to consolidate operations, corporate cultures and systems and to eliminate redundancies and costs. If we are unsuccessful in combining companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Further, there is potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses. In addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. The combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that requires significant management attention and resources. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our operations, the inability to maintain or increase our competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management s attention to integration matters and/or difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. In addition, many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of these factors could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, unanticipated risks and liabilities associated with the acquired business, and additional diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if the expected benefits of an acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our common stock may decline. We may not be able to execute dispositions of assets or businesses successfully. When we decide to dispose of assets or a business, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable 18 Table of Contents than we had anticipated. Buyers of the assets or business may from time to time agree to indemnify us for operations of such businesses after the closing. We cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and, as a result, may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may experience fewer synergies than expected or even negative synergies from separating a business, and the impact of the disposition on our financial results may be larger than projected. After reaching an agreement for the disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. Such regulatory and governmental approvals may be required in jurisdictions around the world, and any delays in the timing of such approvals could materially delay or prevent the transaction. Risks related to our industry Conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect our business. Our financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. Automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions, geopolitical and trade-related issues and other factors, including interest rates, declines in the availability of consumer credit, increased borrowing costs and consumer spending and preferences. Economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would result in a decline in the production levels of our major customers and, by extension, in our sales to OEMs which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We face strong competition. We compete globally with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. Our competitors include vertically integrated units of our major OEM customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. Additionally, our competitors include start-ups that may be well funded, with the result that they could have more operational and financial flexibility than we have. A number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Although many OEMs have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of major OEM customers have indicated their intent to insource certain components that we produce, and many do manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. These OEMs have elected and could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products we currently supply. Our traditional OEM customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their global sourcing of components. As a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. Increased competition could adversely affect our business. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. These trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products. 19 Table of Contents If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry could adversely affect our business. The automotive industry is increasingly focused on improved vehicle efficiency and reduced emissions, including the development of hybrid and electric vehicles, largely as a result of changing consumer preferences and increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements related to climate change, and of advanced driver-assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially viable, fully automated driving experience. There has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility-on-demand services, such as car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. In addition, some industry participants are exploring transportation through alternatives to automobiles. These evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. While we are focused on driving growth through our ability to capitalize on certain potential trends, such as the move toward hybrid and electric vehicles, some of the focuses and trends are not part of our product line or strategy. If we do not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies, including artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine learning, or improve in response to OEM and consumer preferences, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We may be subject to potential governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to vehicle emissions standards. In recent years, within the automotive industry, there have been governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to alleged or actual violations of vehicle emissions standards. Any potential alleged violations by BorgWarner of existing or future emissions standards could result in government investigations and other legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, disgorgement of profits, restricted product offerings, reputational harm or a combination of any of those items. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Risks related to our business We are under substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products. There is substantial and continuing pressure on OEMs to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. Virtually all automakers have implemented aggressive price-reduction initiatives and objectives each year with their suppliers, and such actions are expected to continue in the future. OEM customers expect annual price reductions in our business. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs, and we attempt to develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. Price reductions have impacted the Company s sales and profit margins and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Our ability to pass through increased raw material or other inflationary costs to our OEM customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100% and often on a delayed basis. Inability to reduce or offset costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We continue to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products and elevated levels of inflation. We use a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. The costs and availability of raw materials can fluctuate due to factors beyond our control. Increasing commodity costs negatively impact our operating margins and results. While we seek to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including material pass-through provisions in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures, we may not be successful in these efforts. The discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect our business. From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve, which may cause periodic supply interruptions. The same may be true of transportation carriers and energy providers. If these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect our business. Many global economies, including the United States, have experienced and continue to experience elevated levels of inflation more generally, which have driven an increase in input costs. Following non-contractual negotiations, we reached cost-recovery agreements with various customers in 2024, 2023 and 2022, but these agreements did not enable us to recover 100 percent of our increased costs, and as a result, our operating margins were negatively impacted. Elevated levels of inflation could adversely affect our business. We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plans and our restructuring actions may adversely affect our business. We have taken, are taking, and may in the future take restructuring actions to realign and resize our production capacity and cost structure to meet current and projected operational and market requirements. Implementation of any restructuring action may be costly and disruptive to our business, and we may not be able to realize the cost savings, operational improvements and estimated workforce reductions that we anticipate within the projected timing or at all. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our restructuring actions. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency, loss of key employees and/or other retention issues during transitional periods. Restructuring can require a significant amount of time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. Moreover, we base projections of any cost savings or other benefits associated with our restructuring actions on current business operations and market dynamics, and various factors, including but not limited to our evolving business models, future investment decisions, market environment and technology landscape, could significantly impact the success of these actions. Refer to Note 4, Restructuring, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. Changes in administrative policy on the part of the U.S. or other countries, including the imposition of or increases in tariffs, changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on us. In 2025, the U.S. announced significant tariffs on imports from a broad range of countries, including the European Union, Canada, Mexico and China. These tariffs have increased the cost of raw materials and components we purchase, and to the extent the tariffs announced to date or announced in the future become or remain effective and are maintained, these tariffs would likely further increase the cost of raw materials and components we purchase. The imposition of tariffs by the U.S. has resulted in retaliatory tariffs from other countries, including China, which has increased and would continue to increase the cost 21 Table of Contents of products we sell. Additionally, ongoing changes in U.S. and foreign government trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements and further restrictions on free trade, could introduce additional uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting international trade. Tariffs or retaliatory tariffs announced to date or announced in the future, current trade tensions, any escalation of trade tensions, additional tariffs, retaliatory measures by foreign governments, shifts in U.S. or international trade policies or related uncertainties affecting the conduct of business and consumer spending could continue to adversely impact our supply chain, increase costs of components and materials and reduce demand for our products, directly or indirectly due to negative effects on our customers, the U.S. economy, the economies of other countries in which we operate or the global economy, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the duration and scope of these potential effects are unknown. Although we have taken steps to attempt to mitigate these effects, including entering into contractual agreements with our customers to recover tariff impacts incurred to date, and are considering others to counter the impact of such tariffs on our business, financial condition and results of operations, there is no assurance that we will continue to be successful in recovering such costs from our customers or implementing the other mitigation efforts without disrupting our business, operations and financial performance. In addition to potential increases in customs duties and tariffs in the U.S. and other countries, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement ("USMCA") is subject to renewal in 2026. There can be no assurance that the USMCA will be renewed or, if renewed, any newly negotiated terms in the USMCA will not adversely affect our business. Also, China presents unique risks to U.S. automotive manufacturers due to the strain in U.S.-China relations and the level of integration with key components in our global supply chain. It remains unclear what additional actions the current U.S. administration may take with respect to trade issues involving China and other countries. In 2025, we imported approximately $918 million in value to the U.S. Approximately 68% of that value originated in Mexico, approximately 9% originated in Canada and approximately 6% originated in South Korea. We use important intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. We own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. Further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. Our inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect our business and our competitive position. We are subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of our information technology ( IT ) systems. 22 Table of Contents To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have regionally centralized the information systems that support our business processes such as invoicing, payroll, and general management operations. If the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our business. A failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact our business and operations. We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our IT systems and infrastructure to operate our business. IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third-party provided services. Disruptions and attacks on our IT systems pose a risk to our business operations and our ability to protect our systems, networks and communications, and the confidentiality and availability of third-party and internal data, including our employees. Some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks, social engineering schemes or ransomware to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. Although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information and disruptions of our operations (and, to date, we are not aware that we have experienced a cybersecurity incident that has materially affected our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition), we have been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions which could be material. Future attacks or disruptions could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including our intellectual property or employee data, improper use of our systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of our or third-party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future. These consequences could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers, lead to claims against us and ultimately adversely affect our business. Additionally, some of our products contain complex digital technologies designed to support today s increasingly connected vehicles. Although we continue to employ capabilities, processes and other security measures designed to reduce risks of cyber-attacks against our products, such measures may not provide absolute security and may not sufficiently mitigate all potential risks under all scenarios. Failure of such products to effectively protect against attacks targeted at our products can negatively impact our brand and our business or results of operation. Further, we continually update and expand our information technology systems to enable us to run our business more efficiently, including the potential incorporation of AI solutions into our information systems and processes. The increasing use and evolution of advanced technology solutions creates potential risks for loss or misuse of Company data that forms part of any data set that was collected, used, stored or transferred to run our business. Any unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our or our third-party providers' systems, portable media or storage devices may result in significantly increased business and security recovery costs, a damaged reputation, administrative penalties, or costs related to defending legal claims. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could also cause loss or theft of intellectual property as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. In addition, if the content, analyses, or recommendations that AI programs assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, then our business, financial condition, and results of operations and our reputation may be adversely affected. We also face risks of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to drive internal efficiencies or create new or enhanced products 23 Table of Contents or services that we are unable to compete against on cost, quality or other attributes. Any of these risks could negatively impact our business or results of operation. Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. In particular, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees and employees with engineering, technical and software capabilities in numbers sufficient for our needs could adversely affect our business. Our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by new business launch difficulties. The launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. Our failure to successfully launch new business, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new business, could have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. To the extent we are not able to successfully launch new business, vehicle production at our customers could be significantly delayed or shut down. Such situations could result in loss of customers, significant financial penalties to us or a diversion of personnel and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives and could result in our customers shifting work away from us to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows. Part of our workforce is unionized, which could subject us to work stoppages. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 13% of our U.S. workforce was unionized. We have a domestic collective bargaining agreement for one facility in New York, which expires in September 2028. The workforce at certain of our international facilities is also unionized. A prolonged dispute with our employees could have an adverse effect on our business. Work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events could significantly disrupt our business. Because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our manufacturing and assembly facilities could have adverse effects on our business. Similarly, if one or more of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of our products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. A significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to supply constraints or due to a work stoppage or production shutdown at one of our suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences and, accordingly, have an adverse effect on our financial results. Our benefit plan expenses and obligations may fluctuate depending on various factors, including changes in interest rates, changes in regulations and plan asset returns. We have unfunded obligations under certain of our defined benefit pension and other postemployment benefit plans. The valuation of our future payment obligations under the plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and 24 Table of Contents projected rates of return to decline. Such declines could also require us to make significant additional contributions to our pension plans in the future. Additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future. We also sponsor post-employment medical benefit plans in the U.S. that are unfunded. If medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, this could have an adverse effect on our business. We continually monitor changes in global pension regulations as the complexity of pension laws in the jurisdictions where we sponsor plans can present financial risks in the event of noncompliance. We are subject to extensive environmental regulations that are subject to change and involve significant risks. Our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. The operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. Through various acquisitions over the years, we have acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. Costs associated with failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. Our operations may be affected by greenhouse emissions and climate change and related regulations. Climate change is receiving increasing attention worldwide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Our manufacturing plants use energy, including electricity and natural gas, and certain of our plants emit amounts of greenhouse gas that may be affected by these legislative and regulatory efforts. Greenhouse gas regulation could increase the price of the electricity we purchase, increase costs for use of natural gas, potentially restrict access to or the use of natural gas, require us to purchase allowances to offset our own emissions or result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials, any one of which could increase our costs, reduce competitiveness in a global economy or otherwise negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Many of our suppliers face similar circumstances. Supply disruptions would raise market rates and jeopardize the continuity of production and could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Climate changes could also disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain and could also increase insurance and other operating costs. In addition, extreme weather events may damage a facility or surrounding infrastructure, making the facility unusable for a time. These factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities. 25 Table of Contents We have been and are exposed to liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, product recalls, litigation and other claims. We and certain of our current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and equivalent state laws, and, as such, may be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites. While responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites is typically shared among potentially responsible parties based on an allocation formula, we could have greater liability under applicable statutes. Refer to Note 21, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for further discussion. We provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. Under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. A recall claim brought against us, or a product warranty claim brought against us, could adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, a recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material or that those costs will not exceed our available insurance, or any amounts accrued for such product warranties in our financial statements. We are involved, from time to time, in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes, which could have an adverse impact on our business . We are involved in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes that, from time to time, are significant. These claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, tax matters, environmental and employment claims. There is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. The incurrence of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business. For more information regarding our legal matters, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this report. Compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect our operating results. We have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. Compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business. We have internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. Violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and reputation. 26 Table of Contents Changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, additional limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or other matters related to climate change and other changes in laws in countries where we operate or intend to operate. Changes in tax laws or tax rates by taxing authorities and the outcome of tax audits could adversely affect our business. Changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize our tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entity organization, and if taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. On July 4, 2025, the U.S. government enacted tax legislation commonly referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA ). The OBBBA made permanent or extended several provisions from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, including the restoration of expensing of domestic research and development expenditures. Future changes to these or other tax laws, as well as related regulations and interpretations, could materially affect our financial statements. Our tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and are currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. These audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. We believe these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. Resolution of tax matters involves uncertainty, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable. We are subject to risks related to our international operations. We have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions, including Europe, Asia, and the Americas. For 2025, approximately 84% of our consolidated net sales were outside the U.S. We also purchase raw materials and other supplies from many different countries around the world. Consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, data protection regulations, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, including the ability to enforce commercial agreements, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. Compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive. The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. Dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for sales revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. The local currency is typically the functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries. Significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars could adversely affect our business. Additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the Euro, Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses operations that could negatively affect our results of operations. Because we are a U.S. holding company, one significant source of our funds is distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency 27 Table of Contents exchange controls that limit or prohibit our non-U.S. subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into U.S. Dollars or to make payments outside the country. This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. The automotive supply market in China is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. As the Chinese market evolves, market participants have acted, and we anticipate will continue to act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. Domestic Chinese OEMs continue to expand their market share in and outside of China, and are increasingly insourcing certain components once sourced from Tier 1 suppliers. In addition, our business in China is sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in China. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Chinese market or if vehicle sales in China decrease, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. For 2025, approximately 21% of our consolidated net sales were attributable to China. A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets. Changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately impact our access to the debt capital markets and the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets could become restricted and our cost of borrowing or the interest rate for any subsequently issued debt would likely increase. Our revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. The interest cost on our revolving credit agreement is based on a rating grid. Further, an increase in the level of our indebtedness and related interest costs may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing. Risks related to our customers We rely on sales to major customers and our supply agreements with them are generally requirements contracts, and a decline in the production requirements of any of our customers, and in particular our major customers could adversely impact our revenues and profitability. We rely on sales to OEMs around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. Supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by us. We base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. In most instances, our OEM customers agree to purchase their requirements for specific products but are not required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. These commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. Among other things, the level of production orders we receive is dependent on the ability of our OEM customers to design and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. If actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors, including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business. 28 Table of Contents Some of our sales are concentrated. Our worldwide sales in 2025 to Volkswagen and Ford constituted approximately 13% and 12% of our 2025 consolidated net sales, respectively. Sales to the Company s top ten customers represented 71% of sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Changes in our business relationships with any of our major customers or in the timing, size and continuation of their various programs could have a disproportionately material adverse impact on our business. While we continually bid on new business with our existing customers and continually seek to diversify our customer base, our efforts may not be successful. The loss of any of these major customers, the loss of business with respect to one or more of their vehicle models for which we have high component content, or a significant decline in the production levels of such vehicles would negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are sensitive to the effects of our major customers labor relations. All three of our primary North American customers, Ford, Stellantis, and General Motors, have major union contracts with the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (or UAW ). Because of domestic OEMs dependence on a single union, we are affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at OEMs facilities, such as the UAW strikes that occurred in 2023. Such stoppages at OEMs facilities could halt our businesses with those facilities, and an increase in the number of OEMs facilities with union contracts with the UAW could increase the negative impact to our business. Similarly, a majority of our global customers operations outside of North America are also represented by various unions. Any extended work stoppage at one or more of our customers could delay the manufacture and sale of our products and have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. Risks related to our suppliers We could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from our suppliers. In an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, we have been rationalizing our supply base. As a result, we remain dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. We select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. We expect that they will deliver to our stated written expectations. However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, sabotage, cyber-attacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, Acts of God, or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. If we experience a prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and cannot procure the components from other sources, we may be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. In addition, with fewer sources of supply for certain components, each supplier may perceive that it has greater leverage and, therefore, some ability to seek higher prices from us at a time that we face substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products, which could adversely affect our customer relations and business. 29 Table of Contents Suppliers economic distress could result in supply interruptions and, in turn, disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. Rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes, including volatility in electric vehicle adoption across different regions; our need to seek price reductions from our suppliers as a result of the substantial pressure we face from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products; credit tightness; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors could adversely affect our supply chain, and sometimes with little advance notice. These conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. In certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. On occasion, we must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. We cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on our business and results of operations. We are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties. We engage in numerous financial transactions and contracts, including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. We are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and, therefore, be unable to meet its obligations under such contracts. Risks related to the spin-off of PHINIA Inc. The spin-off of PHINIA may not achieve anticipated tax benefits and may expose us to additional tax risks. We may not realize the anticipated tax benefits of the spin-off of PHINIA. While it is intended that the transaction was tax-free to the Company s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, there is no assurance that the transaction will qualify for this treatment. If the spin-off is ultimately determined to be taxable, the Company, PHINIA, or the Company s stockholders could incur income tax liabilities that could be significant. If we do not realize the anticipated tax benefits of the spin-off, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Potential liabilities pursuant to the spin-off of PHINIA could materially and adversely affect our business. In connection with the spin-off, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement and related agreements with PHINIA to govern the spin-off and the relationship between the two companies following the completion of the spin-off. These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations of each party and have led, and could in the future lead, to disputes between us. For example, on September 19, 2024, we commenced a lawsuit against PHINIA, seeking to recover from PHINIA approximately $120 million of value added tax ( VAT ) refunds that PHINIA received or expects to receive from governmental agencies as well as damages and interest. These refunds consisted of VAT paid by the Company in periods prior to or directly related to the spin-off that established PHINIA as an independent company. PHINIA responded to the lawsuit and also asserted counterclaims against the Company. On October 15, 2025, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement ) with PHINIA, pursuant to which PHINIA agreed to pay the Company $78 million, resolving the lawsuit and certain other matters relating to the spin-off. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, the Company and PHINIA also entered into an amended and restated tax matters agreement that, among other things, limits the Company s responsibility to certain defined tax obligations. As a result, the Company recorded a net charge of $40 million as of December 31, 2025, for the reduction of VAT-related receivables, the elimination of certain Company liabilities under the amended and restated tax matters agreement and related legal fees, which is included in Other operating expense, net in the Company s 30 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Operations in Item 8 of this report. If we are required to indemnify PHINIA and other parties under the circumstances set forth in the agreements with PHINIA, we may be subject to future liabilities. In addition, with respect to the liabilities for which PHINIA and the other parties have agreed to indemnify us under these agreements, the indemnity rights we have against PHINIA and such other parties may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of the liabilities, further PHINIA or such other parties may not be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. It is also possible that a court could disregard the allocation of assets and liabilities agreed to among the Company, PHINIA and such other parties and require the Company to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to PHINIA or such other parties or to cause the Company to not realize an asset on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. Any of these outcomes could result in additional costs, reduce the value of our assets or otherwise negatively affect our business and financial results. Other risks A variety of other factors could adversely affect our business. Any of the following could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of our major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs; low levels of utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products we supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of fire, flood, or other natural disasters, including pandemics and quarantines. 