=== BWA_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or announce publicly any updates to or revisions to any of the forward-looking statements in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, circumstances, or assumptions underlying the statements. 4 Table of Contents This section and the discussions contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and in Item 7, subheading Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in this report, are intended to provide meaningful cautionary statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Act. This should not be construed as a complete list of all of the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that could adversely affect our expected consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional risks and uncertainties, including without limitation those not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial, also may impair our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and prospects. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this report may include non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information that is useful to investors in understanding the underlying performance and trends of the Company. Readers should be aware that non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations and should be cautious with respect to the use of such measures. To compensate for these limitations, we use non-GAAP measures as comparative tools, together with GAAP measures, to assist in the evaluation of our operating performance or financial condition. We calculate these measures using the appropriate GAAP components in their entirety and compute them in a manner intended to facilitate consistent period-to-period comparisons. The Company s method of calculating these non-GAAP measures may differ from methods used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for those financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found in this report. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business BorgWarner Inc. (collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company or BorgWarner ) is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1987. The Company is a global product leader in clean and efficient technology solutions for combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles. BorgWarner s products help improve vehicle performance, propulsion efficiency, stability and air quality. The Company manufactures and sells these products worldwide, primarily to original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) of light vehicles (passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles, vans and light trucks). The Company s products are also sold to OEMs of commercial vehicles (medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks and buses) and off-highway vehicles (agricultural and construction machinery and marine applications). The Company also manufactures and sells its products to certain tier one vehicle systems suppliers and into the aftermarket for light, commercial and off-highway vehicles. The Company operates manufacturing facilities serving customers in Europe, the Americas and Asia and is an original equipment supplier to nearly every major automotive OEM in the world. BorgWarner Strategy The Company s current strategy is to focus on profitable growth across its technology-focused product portfolio that supports electric, hybrid and combustion vehicles. This entails growing its product portfolio through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. The Company s balanced portfolio is particularly critical as the automotive industry continues to see electric vehicle adoption volatility across different regions. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company s revenue from eProducts, which include all products utilized on or for electric vehicles ( EVs ) plus those same products and components that are included in hybrid powertrains whose underlying technologies are adaptable or applicable to those used in or for EVs, was approximately $2.6 billion, $2.3 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, or 18%, 17% and 14% of its total revenue, respectively, and the Company s revenue from Foundational products, which include all products utilized on internal combustion engines plus those same products and components that are also included in hybrid powertrains, was approximately $11.7 billion, $11.8 billion and $12.2 billion, respectively, or 82%, 83% and 86% of its total revenue, respectively. Recent Acquisitions and Dispositions Acquisitions have been an integral component of the Company s growth and value creation strategy. Refer to Note 2, Acquisitions and Dispositions, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for more information, including a summary of recent acquisitions. Financial Information About Reportable Segments Refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for financial information about the Company's reportable segments. 6 Table of Contents Narrative Description of Reportable Segments The Company discloses segment information under four reportable segments, consistent with the way operating results are evaluated by management: Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems. Net sales by reportable segment were as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Turbos Thermal Technologies $ 5,772 $ 5,887 $ 6,012 Drivetrain Morse Systems 5,654 5,577 5,549 PowerDrive Systems 2,347 1,937 2,166 Battery Charging Systems 590 729 546 Inter-segment eliminations (47) (44) (75) Net sales $ 14,316 $ 14,086 $ 14,198 The sales information presented above does not include the sales by the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures (see sub-heading Joint Ventures below). Such unconsolidated sales totaled approximately $764 million, $764 million, and $732 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Turbos Thermal Technologies Turbos Thermal Technologies develops and manufactures products to improve fuel economy, reduce emissions and enhance performance. Turbos Thermal Technologies technologies include turbochargers, eBoosters, eTurbos, emissions systems, thermal systems, gasoline ignition technology, smart remote actuators, powertrain sensors, cabin heaters, battery heaters and battery cooling systems. Turbos Thermal Technologies emissions, thermal and turbocharger systems provide several benefits, including increased power for a given engine size, improved fuel economy, reduced emissions and optimized temperatures in propulsion systems and vehicle cabins. Sales of turbochargers for light vehicles represented approximately 21%, 21% and 22% of the Company s net sales for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No other single product line accounted for more than 10% of consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. Turbos Thermal Technologies powertrain products include an array of highly engineered products that complement and enhance the efficiency improvements delivered by many other air management technologies. Drivetrain Morse Systems Drivetrain Morse Systems technologies include hydraulic controls, friction and mechanical clutch products for automatic transmissions and torque-management products. Additionally, Drivetrain Morse Systems products include chain systems as well as variable camshaft phasing products. Drivetrain Morse Systems friction and mechanical products for automatic transmissions include dual clutch modules, friction clutch modules, electromagnetic clutches, friction and separator plates, transmission bands, torque converter clutches, one-way clutches and torsional vibration dampers. Hydraulic controls products for automatic transmissions feature electro-hydraulic solenoids for standard and high-pressure hydraulic systems, transmission solenoid modules and dual clutch hydraulic control modules. 7 Table of Contents Drivetrain Morse Systems torque management products include transfer cases for 4-wheel drive applications ( 4WD ) and couplings for all-wheel drive applications ( AWD ). The segment also includes electronic limited slip differentials ( eLSD ), electric torque vectoring products and axle disconnect systems that will benefit vehicle energy efficiency and vehicle dynamics. Drivetrain Morse Systems chain system products are used on engines in on- and off-road vehicles to drive camshaft and other auxiliary drives, in transmissions and some drivetrain applications for torque transfer. The variable cam phasing products are used for control of engine exhaust and intake valve timing to optimize fuel efficiency, emissions and performance. PowerDrive Systems PowerDrive Systems products and technologies provide industry-leading performance and efficiency with quick-to-market solutions powering current and next-generation electric and hybrid vehicles. PowerDrive Systems technologies include power electronics such as inverters, onboard chargers, DC/DC converters and combination boxes (multiple combined power electronics components). Rotating electric machines are also part of the PowerDrive Systems portfolio, including eMotors and generators as well as fully integrated drive modules ( iDM ) consisting of inverter, eMotor and gear reducer. Additionally, PowerDrive Systems products include electronic controls such as engine control units, transmission control units, battery management systems, propulsion controllers and domain controllers. PowerDrive Systems inverter products power many of the world s leading electric and hybrid vehicles. Additionally, PowerDrive Systems iDMs combine all the benefits of our inverters, eMotors and gear reducers in a single package optimized for cost, performance, noise vibration and harshness and packaging. iDMs contain full software that offers functional safety and cybersecurity. This capability comes from deep experience of over 40 years in the field of automotive software. Applications of iDMs include a wide range of electric and hybrid vehicles globally. Battery Charging Systems Battery Charging Systems products drive electrified propulsion forward by providing high-performance lithium-ion battery systems for electrified bus, truck- and off-highway applications. Battery Charging Systems products include a nickel manganese cobalt battery pack product line and lithium iron phosphate battery packs. The proprietary battery management system provides state-of-the-art functionality like cybersecurity, functional safety and conformity with EU regulations- and ASPICE. These come with the relevant on- and off-highway- as well as marine certifications and are liquid cooled for cycle life up to 6,000 cycles. In February 2025, the Company made the decision to exit its charging business. This decision was made following the Company s continuing evaluation of its product portfolio and future investments. Production operations ceased during the second quarter of 2025. Joint Ventures As of December 31, 2025, the Company had nine joint ventures in which it had a less-than-100% ownership interest. Results from the six joint ventures in which the Company is the majority owner and has a controlling financial interest are consolidated as part of the Company s results. Results from the three joint ventures in which the Company exercises significant influence but does not have a controlling financial interest, were reported by the Company using the equity method of accounting pursuant to which the Company records its proportionate share of each joint venture s income or loss each period. 8 Table of Contents Management of the unconsolidated joint ventures is shared with the Company s respective joint venture partners. Certain information concerning the Company's joint ventures is set forth below: Joint venture Products Year organized Percentage owned by the Company Location of operation Joint venture partner Unconsolidated: NSK-Warner K.K. Transmission components 1964 50% Japan/China NSK Ltd. Turbo Energy Private Limited Turbochargers 1987 32.6% India Sundaram Finance Limited; Brakes India Limited Fast Warner Intelligent Control Systems (Xi an) Co., Ltd. Inverters 2024 49% China Shaanxi Fast Auto Drive Group Consolidated: BuradaWarner LLC Valvetrain and fuel injection equipment 1977 70% Korea BU RA DA Company Limited BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd. 1 Transmission components 1987 60% Korea NSK-Warner Beijing Delphi Wan Yuan Engine Management Systems Co. Ltd. Engine management systems 1999 51% China Beijing Wan Yuan Industry Corporation BorgWarner Shenglong (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. Fans and fan drives 1999 70% China Ningbo Shenglong Automotive Powertrain Systems Co., Ltd. BorgWarner TorqTransfer Systems (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Transfer cases 2000 80% China Beijing Hainachuan Automotive Parts Holding Co., Ltd. BorgWarner United Transmission Systems Co., Ltd. Transmission components 2009 66% China China Automobile Development United Investment Co., Ltd. __________________________ 1 BorgWarner Inc. owns 50% of NSK-Warner, which has a 40% interest in BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd. This ownership gives the Company an additional indirect effective ownership percentage of 20% in BorgWarner Transmission Systems Korea Ltd., resulting in a total effective ownership interest of 80%. Financial Information About Geographic Areas The Company has a global presence. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 16% of the Company s net sales were generated in the United States, and 84% were generated outside the United States. Refer to Note 24, Reportable Segments and Related Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for additional financial information about geographic areas. Product Lines and Customers During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 82% of the Company s net sales were for light-vehicle applications; approximately 10% were for commercial-vehicle applications; approximately 5% were for off-highway vehicle applications; and approximately 3% were to distributors of aftermarket replacement parts. 9 Table of Contents The Company s worldwide net sales to the following customers (including their subsidiaries) were approximately as follows: Year Ended December 31, Customer 2025 2024 2023 Volkswagen 13 % 10 % 11 % Ford 12 % 13 % 14 % No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company s consolidated net sales in any of the years presented. Sales to the Company s top ten customers represented 71% of sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company s automotive products are generally sold directly to OEMs, substantially pursuant to negotiated annual contracts, long-term supply agreements or terms and conditions as may be modified by the parties. Deliveries are subject to periodic authorizations based upon OEM production schedules. The Company typically ships its products directly from its plants to the OEMs. Sales and Marketing Each of the Company s businesses within its reportable segments has its own sales function. Account executives for each of the Company s businesses are assigned to serve specific customers for one or more businesses products. Account executives spend the majority of their time in direct contact with customers purchasing and engineering employees and are responsible for servicing existing business and for identifying and obtaining new business. Because of their close relationship with customers, account executives are able to identify and meet customers needs based upon their knowledge of the Company s product design and manufacturing capabilities. Upon securing a new order, account executives participate in product launch team activities and serve as a key interface with customers. In addition, sales and marketing employees of the Company s reportable segments often work together to explore cross-development opportunities where appropriate. Seasonality The Company s operations are directly related to the automotive and commercial-vehicle industry. Consequently, the Company s segments may experience seasonal fluctuations to the extent vehicle production slows at certain times of the year. For example, model changeovers and vacations during the summer months have generally resulted in lower sales volume in the Company s third quarter, and in China, the Company typically experiences lower sales in the first quarter due to the Chinese New Year. Research and Development The Company conducts advanced propulsion research. This advanced engineering function seeks to leverage know-how and expertise across product lines to create new electrified propulsion systems and modules that can be commercialized. This function oversees the Company's investments in certain venture capital funds that provide seed money for start-up businesses developing new technologies pertinent to the automotive industry and the Company's propulsion strategies. In addition, each of the Company's businesses within its Turbos Thermal Technologies, Drivetrain Morse Systems, PowerDrive Systems and Battery Charging Systems reportable segments has its own research and development ( R D ) organization, including engineers and technicians, engaged in R D activities at facilities worldwide. The Company also operates testing facilities such as prototype, measurement and calibration, life-cycle testing and dynamometer laboratories. By working closely with OEMs and anticipating their future product needs, the Company s R D personnel conceive, design, develop and manufacture new proprietary components and systems. R D personnel 10 Table of Contents also work to improve current products and production processes. The Company believes its commitment to R D will allow it to continue to obtain new orders from its OEM customers. The Company s net R D expenditures are primarily included in selling, general and administrative expenses of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Customer reimbursements are netted against gross R D expenditures as they are considered a recovery of cost. Customer reimbursements for prototypes are recorded net of prototype costs based on customer contracts, typically either when the prototype is shipped or when it is accepted by the customer. Customer reimbursements for engineering services are recorded when performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with the contract. Financial risks and rewards transfer upon shipment, acceptance of a prototype component by the customer or upon completion of the performance obligation as stated in the respective customer agreement. Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Gross R D expenditures $ 823 $ 872 $ 856 Customer reimbursements (113) (136) (139) Net R D expenditures $ 710 $ 736 $ 717 Net R D expenditures as a percentage of net sales were 5.0%, 5.2% and 5.1% for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Intellectual Property The Company has approximately 5,000 active domestic and foreign patents and patent applications pending or under preparation and receives royalties from licensing patent rights to others. While the Company considers its patents on the whole to be important, the Company does not consider any single patent, any group of related patents or any single license essential to its operations in the aggregate or to the operations of any of the Company s business groups individually. The expiration of the patents individually and in the aggregate is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or future operating results. The Company owns numerous trademarks, some of which are valuable, but none of which are essential to its business in the aggregate. The Company owns the BorgWarner trade name and numerous trademarks which are material to the Company's business. Competition The Company s reportable segments compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Many of these competitors are larger and have greater resources than the Company. Technological innovation, application engineering development, quality, price, delivery and program launch support are the primary methods of competition. The Company s major non-OEM competitors are Robert Bosch GmbH, Denso Corporation, Garrett Motion, Hitachi, Ltd., Magna Powertrain (an operating unit of Magna International Inc.), Valeo, Schaeffler Group and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited. The Company also competes with certain start-ups in electrification. In addition, a number of the Company s major OEM customers manufacture, for their own use and for others, products that compete with the Company's products. Other current OEM customers could elect to manufacture products to meet their own requirements or to compete with the Company. We cannot 11 Table of Contents guarantee that the Company s business will not be adversely affected by increased competition in the markets in which it operates. For many of its products, the Company s competitors include suppliers in parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export subsidies and/or raw materials subsidies. Also, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. Human Capital Management The Company s ability to sustain and grow its business requires it to hire, retain and develop a highly qualified management team and workforce worldwide. The Company believes the diverse skills, experience, and industry knowledge of its employees significantly benefit its operations and performance. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors oversees human capital management and assesses whether efforts to promote and advance environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) initiatives, practices and objectives, as appropriate, are effectively reflected in executive compensation. The full Board of Directors oversees talent reviews and succession planning for the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had a salaried and hourly workforce 1 as follows: Americas 10,800 Asia 11,900 Europe 14,800 Total workforce 37,500 Salaried 11,600 Hourly 25,900 Total workforce 37,500 The Company uses an array of practices to attract, develop and retain qualified talent, including the following: Attraction and Retention . The Company undertakes a variety of recruitment and retention initiatives designed to expand its talent and leadership pipeline and is committed to recognizing and rewarding employee contributions through competitive pay and benefits. The Company also fosters a workplace culture where everyone feels safe, respected, and valued for their differences. As a part of its focus on retention, the Company closely monitors employee turnover to identify any potential opportunities for improvement. For the year ended December 31, 2025, annual voluntary employee turnover was 10.2% overall 7.4% for salaried employees and 11.8% for hourly employees. 2 Education and Development. The Company provides formal development opportunities at all levels and stages of the career journey of its employees. These opportunities are delivered in a variety of formats so that they are flexible, accessible, scalable and translatable to meet the needs of our evolving workplace and workforce. The Company surpassed its goal to fill the majority of leadership positions internally in 2025 3 . The Company is committed to building a flexible workforce with the skills needed to support customers needs now and in the future. This includes a wide range of initiatives such as leadership development, technical training and mentorship 1 Workforce data is approximate and includes estimated full-time equivalent numbers for contractors and temporary workers. 2 Employee turnover excludes interns, co-ops and apprentices. 3 Leadership is defined as Senior Manager and above, which is the same group that partakes in the Management Incentive Plan (MIP). Majority is defined as more than 50%. 12 Table of Contents programs that strengthen capabilities across our evolving portfolio and respond to changing customer demands. Health and Safety . The safety of the Company s employees is vitally important, and the Company is dedicated to continuously improving safety performance. The Company s safety performance is rooted in strong leadership commitment and support, as well as robust safety management systems. These systems consist of tracking leading and lagging safety indicators, integrating detailed metrics into safety scorecards, engaging employees at every level, training and prevention initiatives, performing risk assessments and inspections, sharing best practices, hosting safety conferences and sponsoring recognition programs. The Company has set goals for the safety of its workforce. Those goals include: Perform in the top quartile for Total Recordable Incident Rate ( TRIR ) and Lost Time Incident Rate ( LTIR ). 4 Implement and then maintain ISO 45001 certification at 100% of its manufacturing sites. 5 In the year ended December 31, 2025: The Company s global workforce accident TRIR was 0.36, which was within top quartile performance. 6 The top quartile for motor vehicle parts manufacturing was lower than or equal to 1.4 according to the BLS. 4 The Company s global workforce accident LTIR was 0.23. 6 The top quartile for motor vehicle parts manufacturing was lower than or equal to 0.2 according to the BLS. 4 95% of the Company s manufacturing sites were ISO 45001 certified. 5 Approximately 13% of the Company s U.S. workforce is unionized. These employees, located at one facility in the state of New York, are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires in September 2028. Employees at certain international facilities are also unionized. The Company believes the current relations with its workforce to be satisfactory. The Company recognizes that, in many of the locations where it operates, employees have freedom of association rights with third-party organizations such as labor unions. The Company respects and supports those rights, including the right to collective bargaining, in accordance with local laws. 4 Based on latest U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (the BLS ), Survey of Occupational Injuries and Illnesses Data, motor vehicle parts manufacturing (NAICS 336300). 5 ISO 45001:2018 certifications include manufacturing locations that supply directly to OEMs, locations that have passed external audit and are awaiting certification, and those undergoing recertification, as required. This excludes new or newly acquired sites during their first 18 months of production and sites scheduled for closure or sale. 6 TRIR and LTIR are based on full-year performance data for 2025 as of January 22, 2026. 13 Table of Contents Raw Materials The Company uses a variety of raw materials in the production of its products, including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, magnets, certain alloy elements and semiconductor chips. Manufacturing operations for each of the Company s operating segments are dependent upon natural gas, fuel oil and electricity. The Company uses a variety of tactics in an attempt to limit the impact of supply shortages, tariffs, export bans and inflationary pressures. The Company s global procurement organization works to accelerate cost reductions, purchase from lower cost regions, optimize the supply base, mitigate risk and collaborate on its buying activities. In addition, the Company uses long-term contracts, cost sharing arrangements, design changes, dual sourcing, customer buy programs and limited financial instruments to help control costs. The Company intends to use similar measures in 2026 and beyond. Refer to Note 17, Financial Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information related to the Company s hedging activities. For 2026, the Company believes there will be continued inflationary pressures in certain raw materials, labor and energy. While the Company believes inflation will decrease in some areas, it does not expect to see deflation, which means that it expects supplier costs to remain elevated relative to prior years. Supplies of raw materials are adequate and available from multiple sources to support the Company s manufacturing requirements. Regulations The Company operates in a constantly evolving global regulatory environment and is subject to numerous and varying regulatory requirements for its product performance and material content. The Company s practice is to identify potential regulatory and quality risks early in the design and development process and proactively manage them throughout the product lifecycle through the use of routine assessments, protocols, standards, performance measures and audits. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are managed in collaboration with the Company s OEM customers and implemented through its global systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations. The Company demonstrates material content compliance through the International Material Data System ( IMDS ), which is the automotive industry material data system. In the IMDS, all materials used for automobile manufacturing are archived and maintained to meet the obligations placed on the automobile manufacturers, and thus on their suppliers, by national and international stand