=== CF_2026-03-17.htm.gz ===
tm261459-1_nonfiling - none - 24.8525905s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders TABLE OF CONTENTS March 17, 2026 To our Shareholders: On behalf of your Board of Directors, it is our privilege to invite you to attend the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. to be held virtually on Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. Central time. At the annual meeting, shareholders will vote on the matters set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement and any other business matters properly brought before the annual meeting. Whether or not you are able to attend the annual meeting, we encourage you to read the enclosed materials and submit your proxy. 2025 Performance CF Industries results in 2025 reflected an outstanding operational performance by the CF Industries team, the enduring advantages of our manufacturing and distribution network, and constructive global nitrogen industry dynamics that have persisted into 2026. Net earnings attributable to common stockholders for the year were approximately $1.5 billion, or $8.97 per diluted share. EBITDA (1) was approximately $2.8 billion, and adjusted EBITDA (1) was approximately $2.9 billion. Net cash from operations in 2025 was $2.75 billion and free cash flow (2) was approximately $1.8 billion. We returned $1.7 billion to shareholders in 2025. This included deploying over $1.3 billion to repurchase 16.6 million shares approximately 10 percent of the outstanding shares at the beginning of the year and $326 million returned through dividend payments to shareholders. Creating Shareholder Value Our goal for long-term shareholders is to create value by increasing your participation in CF Industries assets and the cash flow they generate. We do this by investing where we win: Growing our production base organically or inorganically. Investing in our business to grow margin. Reducing our outstanding share count. Since 2020, this approach has increased your participation in our underlying assets by more than 35% and over the same time period delivered total shareholder return that exceeds the S P 500 Index, Dow Jones U.S. Commodity Chemicals, and our peer fertilizer group. What powers our approach is a proven ability to leverage our team s consistently high level of execution into adjusted EBITDA and then convert that to substantial free cash flow. We expect to continue to do so by building upon the enduring competitive advantages we have developed over time and through our disciplined investments in our clean energy growth platform. TABLE OF CONTENTS Our competitive advantages include the structural benefit from operating in North America, operational advantages built into our manufacturing and distribution network, the operational excellence we deliver year-in and year-out, and our disciplined approach to capital and corporate stewardship. We continue to invest in these attributes, which translate directly into our financial results, strong cash flow, and long-term shareholder value. Please see our 2025 Annual Report for more detail. Our Clean Energy Growth Platform In 2020, the Board and management adopted a strategic evolution for the Company to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world s transition to clean energy to produce ammonia with lower carbon intensity (low-carbon ammonia). We believe by focusing on leading in low-carbon ammonia and upgraded nitrogen products, we will strengthen our competitive position and create new market opportunities, enabling significant growth in our free cash flow in the years ahead. Our vision includes monetizing decarbonization projects to ensure a return for shareholders well above our cost of capital. It includes the production of low-carbon ammonia and other nitrogen upgrade products to sell at a premium to conventional products. And it includes the development of new demand for our products. This vision is being realized today with structural benefits, operational advantages, and market opportunities (for example, low-carbon price premium) accruing to the Company and providing us with long-term sustainability, a significant return profile, and a product offering to existing and new customers. In 2025 alone, we: Completed the carbon capture project at our Donaldsonville Complex and a nitric acid abatement project at our Verdigris Complex. Saw the emergence of low-carbon ammonia demand as we delivered the first sales of low-carbon ammonia at a premium and advanced collaborations to develop low-carbon ammonia and nitrogen fertilizer supply chains in North America. Formed an innovative joint venture built on partnerships with global leaders to both build the world s largest and most efficient low-carbon ammonia plant and develop demand for new applications of our products. Our approach is underpinned by the Board and management s shared commitment to disciplined investments in our clean energy initiatives. These will continue to be driven by our outlook for the global market environment, the return profile of projects, and our ability to mitigate risk through partnerships and collaborations. Governance of CF Industries The accompanying Proxy Statement describes CF Industries corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board s effective oversight of the Company s business strategies and practices. We believe the Board s leadership structure and the experience and skills of our directors has been, and continues to be, critical to our success. This year, two directors will not stand for re-election following distinguished tenures on our Board (see sidebar for additional information). This includes Tony Will, who retired as president and chief executive officer in January 2026 after 12 outstanding years leading the Company. On behalf of the Board, we want to thank Tony for his outstanding leadership, his commitment to CF Industries employees, shareholders and communities, and his tremendous success guiding the Company through a period of evolution and growth. He was instrumental in shaping the Company s strategic direction and high-performance culture and we are deeply grateful for his many years of contributions. We wish him the best in retirement. TABLE OF CONTENTS A Thank You to Our Retiring Chair As noted to the left, two Board members are not standing for re-election in 2026. We wanted to make a special acknowledgement of Steve Hagge, who is retiring as Chair of the Board. Steve has been a member of the Board since 2010 and Chair since the beginning of 2022. His commitment, dedication and insight have helped shape the industry leader CF Industries has become. He has also been a steady hand as Board Chair as we have navigated tumultuous global nitrogen industry conditions this decade. We are grateful for the time we have worked with Steve, and we wish him all the best in his retirement. Anne P. Noonan Chair (Elect) of the Board Christopher D. Bohn President and Chief Executive Officer Our 11 director nominees in 2026 offer a broad set of qualifications and perspectives and possess a wealth of leadership and professional experience, which contributes to the Board s effectiveness through its oversight of strategy, risk management, corporate governance and sustainability issues, as well as providing guidance that positions the Company for long-term success. Of the 11 director nominees, 10 are independent, which includes our Chair (Elect) of the Board and all committee chairs and members. More than a third of the director nominees have joined the Board in the last five years. Building on our Momentum CF Industries is a strong company at the forefront of the global ammonia and nitrogen industry the world s largest ammonia producer, the industry s best operator, a global partner of choice, and a leader in total shareholder return. We believe our high-performing business, clean energy growth platform, and commitment to return capital to shareholders positions CF Industries well to continue to create value for long-term shareholders. Thank you for your continued trust in CF Industries. We look forward to discussing our corporate performance in 2025 and our strategy and vision for the future when we gather virtually for our annual meeting on April 28, 2026. Stephen J. Hagge Chair of the Board Christopher D. Bohn President and Chief Executive Officer (1) EBITDA is defined as net earnings attributable to common stockholders plus interest expense (income) net, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA as reported is defined as EBITDA adjusted for selected items as shown in Appendix A. See Appendix A for reconciliations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA as reported to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. (2) Free cash flow is defined as net cash from operating activities, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests plus contributions from noncontrolling interests. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2375 Waterview Drive Northbrook, IL 60062 Tel: 847.405.2400 cfindustries.com NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Date and Time: Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Central time Virtual Meeting: The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) will be conducted virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CF2026 Items of Business: At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked to: 1. elect the eleven director nominees named in the accompanying Proxy Statement; 2. consider and approve an advisory resolution regarding the compensation of our named executive officers ( Say on Pay ); 3. ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; 4. act upon one shareholder proposal regarding shareholder approval requirement for excessive golden parachutes, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and 5. consider any other business properly brought before the Annual Meeting. Record Date: You may vote at the Annual Meeting if you were a shareholder of record of our company as of the close of business on March 5, 2026. Meeting Details: To attend, and to vote and submit questions during, the Annual Meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CF2026 and enter the 16-digit control number on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or your proxy card. Additional information regarding the Annual Meeting, including procedures for attending and participating in the virtual meeting, can be found on page 107. Internet Availability of Proxy Materials: Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Tuesday, April 28, 2026 : Our Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com . Your vote is important . Please vote your shares promptly so that your shares will be represented whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting. To vote your shares, you may use the Internet as described on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or your proxy card, call the toll-free telephone number listed on your proxy card or complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card. Submitting your proxy now will not prevent you from voting your shares during the Annual Meeting, as your proxy is revocable at your option. By order of the board of directors, Michael P. McGrane Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary March 17, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 15 Director Nominees 15 Director Succession Planning and Nomination Process 15 Criteria for Board Membership 17 Director Nominee Biographies 20 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 26 Corporate Governance Guidelines 26 Director Independence 26 Leadership of the Board 26 Committees of the Board 27 Attendance of Directors at Meetings 29 Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management 29 Our Approach to Human Capital Management 31 Beyond the Boardroom 32 Sustainability at CF Industries 33 Corporate Responsibility 34 Shareholder Engagement 35 Communications with Directors 36 Director Compensation 37 COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP 39 Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 39 Common Stock Ownership of Directors and Management 40 POLICY REGARDING RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 41 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ( SAY ON PAY ) 43 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 44 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 46 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 80 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 81 PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 101 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 101 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 102 Auditor Independence 102 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 103 PROPOSAL 4: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT FOR EXCESSIVE GOLDEN PARACHUTES 104 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION 107 Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting and Voting 107 Important Additional Information 111 Deadlines for Submission of Future Shareholder Proposals, Shareholder Nominated Director Candidates and Other Business of Shareholders 112 OTHER MATTERS 113 NON-GAAP DISCLOSURE ITEMS A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary provides certain key information about CF Industries business and strategy and highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. This Proxy Statement and a form of proxy were first sent or made available to shareholders on or about March 17, 2026. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION Date and Time: Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. Central time Location: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CF2026 Record Date: March 5, 2026 VOTING MATTERS Shareholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the Annual Meeting: Proposals Board Recommendation Page Reference 1. Election of Directors CF Industries board of directors (the Board ) believes the director nominees provide us with the combined depth and breadth of skills, experience and qualities required to contribute to an effective and well-functioning board of directors. Vote FOR each director nominee 15 2. Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Named Executive Officers ( Say on Pay ) Our executive compensation program is designed to align pay with performance, taking into account shareholder feedback and interests. Vote FOR 43 3. Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 The audit committee has selected KPMG LLP to serve as CF Industries independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. The audit committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of KPMG to serve as CF Industries independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the company and its shareholders. Vote FOR 101 4. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Shareholder Approval Requirement for Excessive Golden Parachutes The Board believes that the action requested by the proponent is unnecessary and not in the best interests of the company and its shareholders. Vote AGAINST 104 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY Our mission is to provide clean energy to feed and fuel the world sustainably. With our employees focused on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship, and disciplined capital and corporate management, we are on a path to decarbonize our ammonia production network the world s largest to enable low-carbon hydrogen and nitrogen products for energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement and other industrial activities. Our value chain consists of manufacturing complexes in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, an extensive storage, transportation and distribution network in North America, and logistics capabilities enabling a global reach. In July 2025, we completed a significant decarbonization project at our Donaldsonville, Louisiana, complex to enable the production of low-carbon ammonia. Additionally, we are executing further decarbonization projects in our existing network and constructing a greenfield low-carbon ammonia plant at our Blue Point complex to drive our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world s transition to clean energy. For more information on our business, see Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2026 (the 2025 Annual Report ). Our Strategy At our core, CF Industries is a producer of ammonia. We use the Haber-Bosch process to fix atmospheric nitrogen with hydrogen from natural gas to produce anhydrous ammonia, whose chemical composition is NH 3 . We sell the ammonia itself or upgrade it to products such as granular urea, UAN and DEF. A majority of the ammonia and ammonia-derived products we manufacture are used as fertilizer, as the nitrogen content provides energy essential for crop growth. Other important uses of our products include emissions control. Our strategy is to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world s transition to clean energy. Our unique capabilities include: advantaged production, unmatched distribution and logistics network, operational excellence and disciplined capital stewardship. 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our leadership in ammonia production enables us to drive continued operational excellence in our underlying business while investing in decarbonization technologies to produce ammonia with a lower carbon intensity than that of ammonia produced through traditional processes ( low-carbon ammonia ). These investments allow us to pursue demand for low-carbon ammonia and upgraded products for both traditional and new applications. Traditional applications include agriculture, where low-carbon nitrogen products can be used to reduce the carbon footprint of food production and the life cycle carbon intensity of ethanol production. New growth opportunities include power generation and marine shipping, which are hard-to-abate industries for which low-carbon ammonia offers a potential path to significantly lower carbon footprints as it does not contain or emit carbon when combusted. Decarbonizing our existing network At our Donaldsonville and Yazoo City complexes, our decarbonization projects are leveraging carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) to enable us to convert a portion of our existing ammonia production to low-carbon ammonia production. CCS requires the construction of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) dehydration and compression units to enable process CO 2 captured from the ammonia production process to be transported and sequestered, which prevents approximately 60% of the CO 2 generated by ammonia production from being emitted to the atmosphere. For each facility we have contracted with ExxonMobil to transport and permanently store the captured CO 2 . In July 2025, construction, commissioning and start-up of the dehydration and compression unit at our Donaldsonville complex was completed for a total cost of approximately $200 million. The dehydration and compression unit enables the transportation and permanent geological sequestration of up to 2 million metric tons of CO 2 annually, depending on gross ammonia production and consumption of CO 2 for upgraded products. This sequestered CO 2 would otherwise be emitted into the atmosphere. ExxonMobil, our CCS partner for this project, is transporting and permanently storing the CO 2 . The project qualifies for tax credits under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code ( 45Q Tax Credits ), which provide a tax credit per metric ton of CO 2 captured and disposed of in secure geological storage. As a result of the Donaldsonville CCS project, we have the capacity to produce up to approximately 1.9 million tons of low-carbon ammonia annually at our Donaldsonville complex. Construction of the dehydration and compression unit at our Yazoo City complex is expected to cost approximately $100 million. At Yazoo City, CCS is expected to commence in 2028, following construction, commissioning and start-up, and annually is expected to enable the transportation and sequestration of up to approximately 500,000 metric tons of CO 2 that would otherwise have been emitted into the atmosphere. The Yazoo City CCS project is expected to qualify for 45Q Tax Credits, which provide a tax credit per metric ton of CO 2 captured and disposed of in secure geological storage. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we completed a nitric acid plant abatement project at our Verdigris complex. The abatement project is expected to significantly reduce nitrous oxide emissions from the plant, lowering CO 2 equivalent (CO 2 e) emissions by over 600,000 metric tons on an annual basis. Blue Point joint venture On April 8, 2025, we formed the Blue Point joint venture with JERA Co., Inc. ( JERA ), Japan s largest energy company, and Mitsui Co., Ltd. ( Mitsui ), a leading global investment and trading company, to construct a low-carbon ammonia production facility at our Blue Point complex located in Modeste, Louisiana. We hold 40% ownership, JERA holds 35% ownership, and Mitsui holds 25% ownership in the Blue Point joint venture. The Blue Point joint venture is expected to construct an autothermal reforming ( ATR ) ammonia production facility with a CO 2 dehydration and compression unit to prepare captured CO 2 for transportation and sequestration. Engineering, equipment procurement and pre-construction activities at our Blue Point complex began in the second quarter of 2025. Construction of the 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS ammonia production facility is expected to begin in 2026, with low-carbon ammonia production expected to begin in 2029. We are responsible for overseeing and managing the development, construction, operation and maintenance of the ammonia production facility under contracts with the Blue Point joint venture. We, JERA and Mitsui are required to purchase low-carbon ammonia produced by the Blue Point joint venture in accordance with our respective ownership percentages once production commences. We estimate that the cost of the low-carbon ATR ammonia production facility with CCS technologies will be approximately $3.7 billion. The low-carbon ammonia production facility is designed with an annual nameplate capacity of approximately 1.4 million metric tons (approximately 1.5 million tons) and is expected to capture greater than 95% of the CO 2 generated from its production of ammonia. The facility is expected to capture, compress and dehydrate approximately 2.3 million metric tons of CO 2 annually. The ammonia production facility is expected to qualify for 45Q Tax Credits, which provide a tax credit per metric ton of CO 2 captured and disposed of in secure geological storage. In addition, we plan to invest approximately $550 million to build scalable infrastructure at our Blue Point complex to supply the ammonia production facility with services, including product storage and vessel loading. We will own and operate this infrastructure, and the Blue Point joint venture will compensate us for these services. Low-carbon ammonia demand We believe that our decarbonization projects provide us with benefits: progress toward our long-term emissions reduction goals, a significant return profile, and a differentiated product offering to existing and new customers. In 2025, we completed our first sales of low-carbon ammonia at a premium to traditional ammonia consumers in Europe and Africa as they began to establish a low-carbon ammonia supply chain. We expect continued demand growth for low-carbon ammonia and upgraded products into Europe as customers seek to reduce the additional costs imposed by the European Union s regulations, including the carbon border adjustment mechanism in respect of GHG emissions associated with the production of imported ammonia and upgraded products. In 2025, our expectation that there is developing demand for low-carbon ammonia for new applications of our products was confirmed through our joint venture partners, JERA and Mitsui. They have committed low-carbon ammonia volumes from the Blue Point joint venture for power generation and steel production, among other uses, which represent new applications for our products. In December 2025, both JERA and Mitsui were certified as a Supplier of Low-Carbon Hydrogen and its Derivatives by Japan s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. The certifications were granted under the Support Focusing on the Price Gap scheme established in accordance with the Hydrogen Society Promotion Act. We believe that execution of our strategy and development of the market for low-carbon ammonia will provide significant growth opportunities and generate sustainable long-term value for all of our stakeholders. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Shareholder Returns The global nitrogen industry is cyclical, and our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon changes in supply and demand of nitrogen products as well as for natural gas, which is our principal feedstock. Additionally, we execute our strategy and evaluate our performance over a full cycle for our industry, which typically occurs over multiple years. As a result, we believe it is important to view total shareholder return over a longer time horizon than just one year. The following table shows the cumulative total shareholder return ( TSR ), assuming the reinvestment of dividends, for our common stock and certain peer group companies for the 1-, 3-, 5-, 7-, and 10-year periods ended December 31, 2025. Each of Nutrien, Ltd. ( Nutrien ), The Mosaic Company ( Mosaic ) and Yara International ASA ( Yara ) are a publicly traded manufacturer of agricultural chemical fertilizers. For purposes of calculating the TSR of CF Industries, Nutrien, Mosaic and Yara for the 1-, 3-, 5-, 7-, and 10-year periods ending December 31, 2025, the beginning stock price for each peer group company was established by its respective closing price on the last trading day immediately preceding January 1 of the first fiscal year of the applicable measurement period. For Yara, we used its home exchange stock prices, converted into U.S. dollars, for TSR calculation purposes. For Nutrien, which was formed through the merger of Agrium, Inc. ( Agrium ) and Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. ( Potash Corp ), the TSR includes (i) the stock prices for Agrium and Potash from December 31, 2015 through December 31, 2017, (ii) the cumulative investment in each of Agrium and Potash Corp, assuming dividend reinvestments up to December 31, 2017, converted into shares of Nutrien on January 2, 2018 using the exchange ratio in the merger of equals transaction consummated on that date, and (iii) the stock price for Nutrien from January 2, 2018 through December 31, 2025. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS Operating Results CF Industries 2025 financial results were driven by our strong operational performance, underpinned by favorable global nitrogen industry dynamics. Net Earnings Attributable to Common Stockholders Earnings Per Diluted Share EBITDA (1) Adjusted EBITDA (As Reported) (1) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities $1.46 Billion $8.97 $2.78 Billion $2.89 Billion $2.75 Billion In addition to strong financial results, the company continued to deliver on its strategic priorities and create long-term shareholder value. Safety As of December 31, 2025, the company s 12-month average recordable incident rate was 0.26 incidents per 200,000 work hours an industry leading result Operational Excellence Long-term asset utilization over the last five years is approximately 10% higher than the average utilization rate of our North American competitors Efficiency SG A costs as a percentage of sales remained among the lowest in both the chemicals and fertilizer industries in 2025 Return to Shareholders Returned $1.69 billion to shareholders in 2025 through $1.37 billion in share repurchases and $326 million in dividend payments Clean Energy Commitment We are taking significant steps to decarbonize our own production network and support a global hydrogen and clean fuel economy, through the production of low-carbon ammonia (1) EBITDA is defined as net earnings attributable to common stockholders plus interest expense (income) net, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA as reported is defined as EBITDA adjusted for selected items as shown in Appendix A. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA as reported to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS OUR DIRECTOR NOMINEES Our corporate governance and nominating committee regularly reviews the overall composition of the Board and its committees to assess whether each reflects the appropriate mix of experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that are relevant to CF Industries current and future global strategy, business, and governance. Nominee Primary Occupation Age Director Since Independent Other Public Boards Committee Memberships (1) AC CC GC EC Javed Ahmed Former CEO of Tate Lyle PLC 66 2018 Yes 0 Robert C. Arzbaecher Former Chairman and CEO of Actuant Corporation 66 2005 Yes 0 Christopher D. Bohn President and CEO of CF Industries 58 2024 CEO 0 Deborah L. DeHaas Former Vice Chairman and Managing Partner Center for Board Effectiveness, Deloitte 66 2021 Yes 1 C John W. Eaves Former Executive Chairman and CEO of Arch Resources, Inc. 68 2017 Yes 0 C Susan A. Ellerbusch Former CEO, Air Liquide North America, LLC 58 2023 Yes 0 C Jesus Madrazo CEO and President of Reiter Affiliated Companies 56 2021 Yes 0 Anne P. Noonan Former President and CEO of Summit Materials, Inc. 62 2015 Yes 1 Michael J. Toelle Owner, T T Farms 63 2017 Yes 0 C Theresa E. Wagler CFO and EVP of Steel Dynamics, Inc. 55 2014 Yes 0 Celso L. White Former Global Chief Supply Chain Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company 64 2018 Yes 1 (1) AC = Audit Committee CC = Compensation and Management Development Committee GC = Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee EC = Environmental Sustainability and Community Committee C = Committee Chair 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS * Based on specific areas of focus or expertise that are particularly relevant to a director nominee s service on the Board. It should not be inferred that other director nominees do not also possess meaningful experience or skills in these areas. 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to implementing sound corporate governance practices that enhance the effectiveness of the Board and our management and that serve the interests of our shareholders. Highlights of our governance practices include: Governance Practice For More Information Board Structure and Governance All of director nominees are independent , except for our chief executive officer ( CEO ). All of our standing Board committees are 100% independent. P. 26-29 We have an independent Chair of the Board and separate CEO. P. 26-27 Our directors are elected annually based on a majority voting standard for uncontested elections. We have a resignation policy for incumbent directors who fail to receive a majority of votes cast. P. 15 Each of our directors attended 75% or more of the meetings of the full Board and the committees on which he or she served during 2025. P. 29 Our non-employee directors met in executive session , without management present, during each regularly scheduled Board meeting. P. 27 Annual Board and committee self-assessments and peer evaluations to assess the performance and effectiveness of the Board and its committees and directors. P. 27 The Chair of the Board and chair of the governance committee lead an active process to regularly assess Board composition and seek representation across a range of experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that are relevant to our current and future global strategy, business, and governance. P. 15-18 Our Board is committed to an intentional and orderly succession planning process that considers the development of the Board over the next five years. P. 15-17 The Board plays an active role in reviewing and approving our strategy and in overseeing the successful execution of our strategy. P. 29-30 Board oversight of risk management is a cornerstone of our risk management program. P. 29-31 The Board has an integral role in oversight of sustainability and engages with senior management on a broad range of related topics, including climate change and our related comprehensive sustainability goals . P. 33-34 The Board has an integral role in succession planning for the CEO and senior management P. 32 Stock Ownership We have strong stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers and directors. We prohibit hedging and pledging of our common stock by directors and executive officers. We have a clawback policy covering incentive awards. P. 77-78 P. 78 P. 78 Corporate Responsibility Our ethics program includes a strong Code of Corporate Conduct for all of our directors, officers and employees. We discuss corporate responsibility on our corporate website and in our corporate stewardship report , including our values and Do It Right culture, our commitment to our stakeholders and communities, and our strong corporate commitment to respect the dignity and human rights of others. We provide disclosure of charitable contributions and corporate political contributions and trade associate dues in semiannual reports. P. 34 P. 31; 33-34 P. 34-35 Shareholder Rights Eligible shareholders can utilize the proxy access provisions of our bylaws to nominate director candidates for inclusion in our proxy materials along with Board-nominated candidates. We do not have a shareholder rights plan , or poison pill. The Board has adopted a policy whereby any shareholder rights plan adopted without shareholder approval must be submitted to shareholders for ratification, or the plan must expire, within one year of such adoption. One or more holders of our common stock representing at least 25% of the voting power of our common stock have the right to call a special meeting of shareholders. All supermajority voting provisions have been eliminated from our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws. P. 17; Bylaws Bylaws Charter and Bylaws 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We believe that building positive relationships with our shareholders is critical to CF Industries success. We conduct shareholder outreach campaigns in the spring and in the fall to engage with shareholders to understand their perspectives on a variety of topics, such as our financial performance, executive compensation, human capital management, environmental sustainability, community relations, and related matters. We also communicate with shareholders through a number of routine forums, including quarterly earnings releases; Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings; the annual report and proxy statement; the annual shareholders meeting; investor meetings, conferences and web communications; and annual corporate stewardship reporting. We relay shareholder feedback and trends on corporate governance and sustainability developments to the Board and its committees. Our engagement activities have resulted in valuable feedback that has contributed to our decision-making with respect to these matters. See Corporate Governance Shareholder Engagement for a further discussion of our shareholder engagement activities. 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS Our executive compensation practices are overseen and administered by the compensation and management development committee, which is composed exclusively of independent directors. The committee is responsible for designing an executive compensation program including approving any changes to it that effectively incentivizes our executives to create long-term value for our shareholders. Summary More Details Compensation Philosophy Our compensation philosophy seeks to align the interests of our employees and our shareholders through focusing on the total compensation (base salary, short-term incentives, long-term incentives, and benefits) of our employees, including our executive officers. We seek to benefit from this strategy by attracting key talent, retaining strong performers, increasing productivity, and maximizing operational and financial results , while also implementing compensation programs that are cost effective, market competitive, and sustainable across business cycles . P. 54 Key Elements of Compensation Program Salary Paid in line with individual performance and contribution to company goals and aligned to competitive market data P. 55; 59 Annual Cash Incentives The amount of the actual incentive earned is determined based on our level of achievement of four performance metrics: 60% : level of achievement of Adjusted EBITDA * (Financial Metric) 30% : level of achievement of specified milestones aligned with the our clean energy strategy and sustainability goals and the optimization of our network to support the implementation of strategic initiatives (Clean Energy Network Optimization Metric) 10% : level of achievement of the completion of safety critical equipment inspections on schedule and timely management of changes , subject to first achieving a gating level of behavioral safety practices goals (Process Safety Metric) P. 55; 59-65 Long-Term Equity Incentives A specified dollar-denominated value is split between two equity award types: 60% : performance vesting restricted stock units ( PRSUs ) (3-year cliff vesting based on average return on net assets ( RONA ) * over three one-year periods, and a TSR modifier that can decrease or increase payout by up to 20%) 40% : restricted stock units ( RSUs ) (3-year ratable vesting) P. 55; 66-71 Rigorous Benchmarking and Incentive Target Setting Benchmarking Our target total direct compensation is targeted at the 50th percentile of our Industry Reference Group, which is composed of 19 companies in related industries, and the overall general industry market data. P. 57 Incentive Metrics and Performance Levels We utilize performance metrics for our incentive compensation programs that align executive interests with those of our shareholders . Executives are focused on achieving top performance across metrics that are directly tied to shareholder value creation and our core strategic objectives . The compensation and management development committee considers the previous year s financial performance, market trends and the company s annual business plan when setting goals and targets for our incentive compensation programs. The performance metrics and target performance levels reflect the inherent cyclicality of our business . P. 55-58; 58-65; 66-71 Leading Compensation Governance Practices Our leading compensation governance practices include: Strong pay-for-performance alignment No employment agreements Clawback policy covering incentive awards No repriced stock options Stock ownership guidelines Minimal perquisites Performance metrics that align executive interests with interests of shareholders Executive officers are prohibited from hedging or pledging our stock A majority of compensation for CEO and other executive officers is performance-based, at risk, and paid in equity No new excise tax gross-ups after 2011 (No NEOs, other than Mr. Frost, have such gross-up) * For the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA and RONA, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Discussion and Analysis: In Detail Key Elements of NEO Compensation Program Our Metrics Defined. Adjusted EBITDA as defined under our annual incentive plan may differ from the company s adjusted EBITDA as reported due to further adjustments permitted under the terms of the annual incentive plan and approved by the compensation and management development committee. 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Target Total Compensation The compensation and management development committee believes the majority of compensation should be composed of awards that are performance-based, with direct ties to the company and individual employee performance. The significant majority of the target compensation of each named executive officer ( NEO ) is at-risk based on company performance. The following graphs illustrate the mix of total target direct compensation for our chief executive officer and for our other named executive officers for 2025: AIP: Annual Incentive Plan (annual bonus), cash settled LTIP: Long-Term Incentive Plan, denominated in equity Annual Incentive Plan Performance Metrics Financial Metric Clean Energy Network Optimization Metric Process Safety Metric Adjusted EBITDA (1) Clean Energy Network Optimization Milestones (2) Behavioral Safety Gate Threshold (3) Timely Completion Percentage (4) $2.88 Billion Achieved 5 milestones Achieved 99.4% Achieved 99.9% Target: $2.1 Billion Target: 3 milestones Threshold: 95% Target: 95% When setting performance levels for the short-term incentive program, which we also call the annual incentive plan, the compensation and management development committee considers the previous year s financial performance, market trends and the company s annual business plan. In 2024, nitrogen product prices had declined from the higher levels seen in recent prior years as lower global energy costs reduced the global market clearing price required to meet global demand. Going into 2025, benchmark pricing curves indicated more stable product prices as compared to recent years, although nitrogen product prices were projected to be lower as a result of incremental global supply on relatively flat demand compared to 2024. Partially offsetting the expected lower product prices was higher sales volume. The company expected increased production from its network in 2025, primarily driven by higher ammonia production, as weather-related production outages and unplanned downtime that impacted 2024 were not expected to recur. Energy spreads were expected to continue to favor the company s North American-based production network, but domestic natural gas prices were projected to increase for 2025 relative to 2024. As a result, the compensation and management development committee set the target performance level for the Financial Metric at $2.1 billion of Adjusted EBITDA. This target is below the company s 2024 performance, with projected lower product prices and higher natural gas costs partially offset by higher sales volume from increased production. 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Actual financial results in 2025 greatly exceeded the company s forecasts, driven by strong execution by the CF Industries team and underpinned by global nitrogen industry dynamics. Average selling prices for all of our major products were higher due primarily to strong demand for all nitrogen products, global supply disruptions due to geopolitical issues, and unexpected production outages in the Middle East. Higher sales prices were partially offset by higher realized gas costs driven by a tighter supply and demand balance. The company s facilities ran well in 2025 and production volumes were consistent with expectations. (1) See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Discussion and Analysis: In Detail Key Elements of NEO Compensation Program Our Metrics Defined for the definition of Adjusted EBITDA for purposes of our annual incentive plan. Adjusted EBITDA as defined under our annual incentive plan may differ from the company s adjusted EBITDA as reported due to further adjustments permitted under the terms of the annual incentive plan and approved by the compensation and management development committee. For 2025, the difference between Adjusted EBITDA as reported of $2.89 billion and Adjusted EBITDA as defined under our annual incentive plan of $2.88 billion was due to $25 million of EBITDA of asset impairment related to the Yazoo City incident that was excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA as reported, but included in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA under our annual incentive plan calculation, and $8 million related to system implementation costs that was excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA under our annual incentive plan. (2) The completion of specified clean energy and network optimization milestones relating to the advancement of our clean energy strategy and sustainability goals and the development and implementation of systems and processes to support our strategic initiatives, including the successful implementation of a new asset management and procurement system across eight North American locations, the completion of the construction and commissioning of the Donaldsonville CCS project and certain actions related to the certification and sales of low-carbon products. (3) The Process Safety Metric has a behavioral safety gate threshold. If at least 95% of all individual safety scores of all employees at manufacturing sites were 80 points or better for the year, the safety performance gating requirement would be achieved. If the safety performance gating requirement was not achieved, there would be no payout under the Process Safety Metric. (4) The completion of scheduled safety critical equipment inspections on schedule and timely management of changes (MOCs). FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND WEBSITE REFERENCES All statements in this Proxy Statement by CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the company ), other than those relating to historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by their use of terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, will or would and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company s control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. These statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about strategic plans and management s expectations with respect to the production of low-carbon ammonia, the development of carbon capture and sequestration projects, the transition to and growth of a hydrogen economy, greenhouse gas reduction targets, projected capital expenditures, statements about future financial and operating results, and other items described in this Proxy Statement. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others: the company s ability to complete the projects at our Blue Point complex, including the construction of a low-carbon ammonia production facility with our joint venture partners and scalable infrastructure on schedule and on budget or at all; the company s ability to fund the capital expenditure needs related to the joint venture at our Blue Point complex, which may exceed our current estimates; the cyclical nature of the company s business and the impact of global supply and demand on the company s selling prices and operating results; the global commodity nature of the company s nitrogen products, the conditions in the global market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other producers; announced or future tariffs, retaliatory measures, and global trade relations, including the potential impact of tariffs and retaliatory measures on the price and availability of materials for our capital projects and maintenance; conditions in the United States, Europe and other agricultural areas, including the influence of governmental policies and technological developments on the demand for our 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS fertilizer products; the volatility of natural gas prices in North America and globally; weather conditions and the impact of adverse weather events; the seasonality of the fertilizer business; the impact of changing market conditions on the company s forward sales programs; difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials or utilities, increases in their costs or delays or interruptions in their delivery; reliance on third-party providers of transportation services and equipment; the company s reliance on a limited number of key facilities; risks associated with cybersecurity; acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism; the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling the company s products against which the company may not be fully insured; risks associated with international operations; the company s ability to manage our indebtedness and any additional indebtedness that may be incurred; risks associated with changes in tax laws and adverse determinations by taxing authorities, including any potential changes in tax regulations and our qualification for tax credits; risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of the company s risk management and hedging activities; potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permitting requirements; regulatory restrictions and requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions, including announced or future changes in environmental or climate change laws; the development and growth of the market for low-carbon ammonia and the risks and uncertainties relating to the development and implementation of the company s low-carbon ammonia projects; risks associated with investments in and expansions of the company s business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant resources that could be required; and failure of technologies to perform, develop or be available as expected, including the low-carbon ATR ammonia production facility with carbon capture and sequestration technologies being constructed at our Blue Point complex. More detailed information about factors that may affect the company s performance and could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements may be found in CF Industries Holdings, Inc. s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including CF Industries Holdings, Inc. s most recent annual and quarterly reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which are available in the Investor Relations section of the company s website. It is not possible to predict or identify all risks and uncertainties that might affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and, consequently, our descriptions of such risks and uncertainties should not be considered exhaustive. There is no guarantee that any of the events, plans or goals anticipated by these forward-looking statements will occur, and if any of the events do occur, there is no guarantee what effect they will have on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and future prospects. Forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this Proxy Statement and the company disclaims any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Website references have been provided for convenience only. The content on any referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and does not constitute a part of this Proxy Statement. 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Board has nominated the eleven individuals named in this Proxy Statement as director nominees for election at the Annual Meeting. All of the director nominees are present directors of the company standing for re-election. Messrs. Hagge and Will will retire from the Board effective as of the date of the Annual Meeting and will not stand for re-election. The Board elected Ms. Noonan to succeed Mr. Hagge as our Chair of the Board, effective at the Annual Meeting. Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will serve until our next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or retirement. Each nominee has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve if elected. If any nominee becomes unavailable to serve, an event that the Board does not presently expect, we will vote the shares represented by proxies for the election of directors for the election of such other person as the Board may recommend, unless the Board decides to reduce its total size. If all eleven director nominees are elected, the Board will consist of eleven directors, each of whom other than our CEO will be independent under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). Majority Vote Standard for Election of Directors Our directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast in uncontested elections, which means that, for a director nominee to be elected in an uncontested election, the number of shares voted for that director nominee must exceed the number of votes cast against that director nominee. In a contested election, directors are elected by receiving a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any such meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. A contested election is a situation in which the number of nominees for election exceeds the number of directors to be elected. Whether an election is contested is determined fourteen days in advance of the date we file our definitive proxy statement with the SEC. Director Resignation Policy In accordance with procedures set forth in the company s corporate governance guidelines, any incumbent director (including the eleven nominees standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting) who fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election will be required to tender his or her resignation for consideration by the company s corporate governance and nominating committee. The corporate governance and nominating committee will consider the resignation and, within 45 days following the date of the applicable annual meeting of shareholders, make a recommendation to the Board concerning the acceptance or rejection of the resignation. The Board will then take formal action on the corporate governance and nominating committee s recommendation no later than 90 days following the date of the annual meeting of shareholders. Following the Board s decision on the committee s recommendation, we will publicly disclose the Board s decision, together with an explanation of the process by which the decision was made and, if applicable, the Board s reason or reasons for rejecting the tendered resignation. DIRECTOR SUCCESSION PLANNING AND NOMINATION PROCESS The Board is responsible for nominating candidates for election to the Board and for filling vacancies on the Board that may occur between annual meetings of shareholders. The corporate governance and nominating committee is responsible for identifying, screening, and recommending candidates to the Board for Board membership. Regular Assessment of Board Composition and Succession Planning The chair of the Board and chair of the corporate governance and nominating committee lead an active process to regularly review the overall composition of the Board and each Board committee and 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS assess whether each reflects the appropriate mix of experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that are relevant to CF Industries current and future global strategy, business, and governance. Board composition and succession planning is a standing item on the calendar for corporate governance and nominating committee meetings each year. The review process incorporates the results of the annual Board and committee performance and skills self-assessment processes described in Corporate Governance Leadership of the Board Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations and Director Peer Evaluations in assessing and determining whether any gaps in experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills exist and the characteristics and critical skills required of prospective candidates for election to the Board. To maintain a Board with an appropriate mix of experience and qualifications and to permit time for orientation, the succession planning process generally considers the development of the Board over a time horizon extending for the next five years. In the case of an anticipated change in the composition of the Board, whether as a result of a retirement consistent with our general age-based retirement policy described below or otherwise, the Board generally prefers to recruit and add new directors such that there is time for the new directors to learn in detail our strategy, business, and governance sufficiently in advance of expected departures. As set forth in the company s corporate governance guidelines, the Board believes that it should generally have no fewer than five and no more than thirteen directors. The Board believes this range permits diversity of experience without hindering effective discussion or diminishing individual accountability. The Board attempts to coordinate director additions and departures to maintain an appropriate size while allowing time for new members to learn in detail our strategy, business and governance. Consistent with this process, the Board has added three new independent directors over the past five years, and three independent directors have retired over the past five years (including Mr. Hagge, who will retire as of the date of the Annual Meeting). The gradual refreshment process over the last several years reflects the Board s intention to allow orientation time for new independent directors while maintaining the benefit of departing directors experience. In addition, in February 2024, Mr. Bohn was promoted to executive vice president and chief operating officer and appointed to the Board. In January 2026, Mr. Bohn succeeded Mr. Will as president and chief executive officer of the company. Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for Director The corporate governance and nominating committee generally identifies potential nominees for election to the Board by engaging third-party search firms that specialize in identifying director candidates. Current directors and executive officers may also notify the committee if they become aware of potential candidates meeting the criteria for Board membership discussed below. The committee will also consider candidates for election to the Board recommended by shareholders as described below. Once a person has been identified by the corporate governance and nominating committee as a potential candidate, the committee may collect and review publicly available information regarding the person to assess whether the person should be considered further. If the corporate governance and nominating committee determines that the person warrants further consideration, the committee chair or another member of the committee will contact the person. Generally, if the person expresses a willingness to be considered and to serve on the Board, the corporate governance and nominating committee will request information from the person, review the person s accomplishments and qualifications, including in light of any other candidates that the committee might be considering, and ask directors to conduct one or more interviews with the person. In certain instances, committee members may contact one or more references provided by the candidate or may contact other members of the business community or other persons who may have greater first-hand knowledge of the candidate s accomplishments. The committee s evaluation process will not vary based on whether or not a candidate is recommended by a shareholder, although, as stated below, the committee may take into consideration the number of shares held by the recommending shareholder and the length of time that such shares have been held. 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Recent Director Searches As a result of our active succession planning and candidate evaluation processes, independent directors DeHaas, Ellerbusch and Madrazo were identified as candidates and added to the Board over the last five years. Each of these directors brings important skills and experience to our company that have further strengthened the Board and complemented the skills and experience of our other Board members. Two of these individuals were recommended for consideration to the corporate governance and nominating committee by a third-party search firm, and one individual was identified as a potential candidate by a current director. None of the three individuals was known to our chair of the Board or CEO prior to the candidate evaluation process. Shareholder Recommendations of Director Candidates The corporate governance and nominating committee will consider director candidates recommended by shareholders. In considering candidates submitted by shareholders, the committee will take into consideration the needs of the Board and the qualifications of the candidate. To have a candidate considered by the corporate governance and nominating committee, a shareholder must submit the recommendation to the committee in writing and include the following information: the name of the shareholder and evidence of the shareholder s ownership of our stock, including the number of shares owned and the length of time of ownership; and the name of the candidate, the candidate s resume or a listing of his or her qualifications to be a director of CF Industries, and the candidate s consent to be named as a director if selected by the committee and nominated by the Board. The shareholder recommendation and information described above must be sent to the corporate governance and nominating committee c/o the corporate secretary at our principal executive offices at the address on the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders accompanying this Proxy Statement and must be received by the corporate secretary not less than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of our most recent annual meeting of shareholders. Proxy Access Our bylaws allow eligible shareholders to include their own nominees for director in our proxy materials along with the Board-nominated candidates. Subject to applicable procedural and other requirements under our bylaws, the proxy access provisions of our bylaws permit any shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders who have maintained continuous qualifying ownership of 3% or more of our outstanding common stock for at least the previous three years to nominate and include in our proxy materials director nominees constituting not more than 25% of the number of the directors in office at the time of the nomination. For further information in this regard, see the discussion under the heading Annual Meeting Information Deadlines for Submission of Future Shareholder Proposals, Shareholder Nominated Director Candidates and Other Business of Shareholders Director Nominations for Inclusion in CF Industries Proxy Materials (Proxy Access). CRITERIA FOR BOARD MEMBERSHIP Director Qualifications and Attributes The corporate governance and nominating committee takes into consideration a number of factors and criteria in reviewing candidates for potential nomination to the Board. The corporate governance and nominating committee believes that the minimum qualifications for serving as a director of CF Industries are that a nominee demonstrate, by significant accomplishment in his or her field, an ability to make a meaningful contribution to the Board s oversight of our business and affairs and have an impeccable record and reputation for honesty and ethical conduct in his or her professional and personal activities. 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS In addition, our corporate governance guidelines and corporate governance and nominating committee charter reflect the intention of the Board that the board of directors represent a variety of backgrounds and experiences. When evaluating and identifying director candidates, the corporate governance and nominating committee will examine a candidate s specific experiences and skills, relevant industry background and knowledge, time availability in light of other commitments, potential conflicts of interest, material relationships with CF Industries, and independence from management and the company. As discussed above, four new directors have joined the Board over the last five years. These directors experience and skills include senior executive leadership (a retired managing partner of a big four accounting firm, a current chief executive officer, a division president and a chief operating officer) and three directors with industry expertise. Retirement Age As set forth in the company s corporate governance guidelines, it is the general policy of the company that no director having attained the age of 74 years shall be nominated for re-election or reappointment to the Board. However, the Board may determine to waive this policy in individual cases. Mr. Hagge has reached an age that exceeds this guidance and, therefore, will not stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Director Tenure To ensure that the Board maintains an appropriate balance of experience, continuity, and an openness to new ideas and a willingness to critically re-examine the status quo, the corporate governance and nominating committee considers the issue of continuing director tenure in connection with each director nomination recommendation. Three director nominees, comprising 27% of the nominees, have served 10 or more years on the Board, and four director nominees, comprising 36% of the nominees, have served between five and 10 years on the Board. These directors bring a wealth of experience and knowledge concerning CF Industries. The remaining four director nominees, comprising 36% of the nominees, have served less than five years on the Board and bring fresh perspective to Board deliberations. Service on Other Public Company Boards The company recognizes the substantial time commitments attendant to Board membership and expects that the members of the Board will be fully committed to devoting all such time as is necessary to fulfill their Board responsibilities, in terms of both preparation for and attendance and participation at meetings. Accordingly, directors should generally not serve on more than three other public company boards. A director who also serves as the chief executive officer or named executive officer of a public company generally should not serve on the board of more than one other public company. In addition, in recognition of the enhanced time commitments associated with membership on a public company s audit committee, the Board has adopted a policy that no member of the audit committee may serve simultaneously on the audit committees of more than two other public companies unless the Board determines that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of such director to effectively serve on the company s audit committee. 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary of Director Core Competencies* We consider the depth and diversity of experience on the Board a key strength. Our eleven director nominees offer a diverse set of qualifications and perspectives and possess a wealth of leadership and professional experience. The following table summarizes experiences and skills that we have identified as key to our current and future global strategy, business, and governance. Accounting and Finance Expertise Environmental, Health Safety Aspects of Operations 7 of 11 nominees 7 of 11 nominees A strong understanding of accounting and finance is important for overseeing the integrity of our financial reporting and critically evaluating our performance. Safety and environmental stewardship are core values of ours. We take guidance from our directors who have served in executive or operating positions at industrial manufacturing companies. Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management 9 of 11 nominees 8 of 11 nominees Insight and expertise in environmental sustainability and related matters help guide the company as it embraces a global hydrogen and clean fuel economy and pursues its sustainability goals. Insight and experience regarding culture, talent development, compensation, recruiting and retention are critical given the importance of the company s human capital. Industry Focus Operations 8 of 11 nominees 8 of 11 nominees Directors who are knowledgeable about the chemical, energy, and agriculture industries help guide the company in assessing the trends and external forces relevant to its strategy and operations. As a global manufacturing and distribution company, we benefit from the experience of our directors who have served in senior executive roles of global manufacturing companies. Public Company Governance Risk Management 8 of 11 nominees 11 of 11 nominees A deep understanding of the Board s duties and responsibilities enhances board effectiveness and ensures independent oversight that is aligned with shareholder interests. Directors with significant risk management experience provide important oversight as we manage the risks inherent in our strategy and operations. Senior Executive Leadership Strategy Strategic Initiatives 11 of 11 nominees 11 of 11 nominees We believe that directors who have served as CEOs or senior executives are in a position to challenge management and contribute practical insight into business strategy and operations. Experience with major strategic initiatives helps us identify, pursue and consummate the right major initiatives that achieve our strategic objectives and realize synergies and optimal growth. * Based on specific areas of focus or expertise that are particularly relevant to a director nominee s service on the Board. It should not be inferred that other director nominees do not also possess meaningful experience or skills in these areas. Snapshot of Director Nominees Board Recommendation In connection with the Annual Meeting and in accordance with the above guidelines, the corporate governance and nominating committee recommended that the Board nominate the eleven individuals named in this Proxy Statement for election to the Board. The Board believes these nominees provide CF Industries with the combined depth and breadth of skills, experience and qualities required to contribute to an effective and well-functioning Board. Our eleven director nominees offer a diverse set of qualifications and perspectives and possess a wealth of leadership and professional experience in areas relevant to our current and future global strategy, business, and governance. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the election of the nominees presented in Proposal 1. 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR NOMINEE BIOGRAPHIES The following biographical information about each of our director nominees highlights the particular experiences, qualifications, attributes, and skills possessed by each director nominee that led the Board to determine that he or she is qualified to serve as a public company director and that he or she should serve as member of the Board. All director nominee biographical information is as of March 5, 2026. Javed Ahmed Javed Ahmed served as chief executive officer of Tate Lyle PLC, a British-headquartered, global provider of solutions and ingredients for food, beverage and industrial markets with facilities and offices in over 30 locations worldwide whose products are sold or distributed in over 120 countries, from October 2009 until April 2018. Prior to this role, he spent 17 years with Benckiser NV (later Reckitt Benckiser Group plc), a leading consumer products group, in a number of senior roles. He began his career with The Procter Gamble Company before spending five years with Bain Co. Qualifications As the former chief executive officer of Tate Lyle PLC, Mr. Ahmed brings public company governance, agriculture and food industry focus, human capital management, strategy strategic initiative, environmental sustainability, risk management, environmental, health and safety aspects of operations, senior executive leadership and accounting and finance expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) None Age 66 Director Since 2018 CF Industries Committees Compensation and management development Corporate governance and nominating Qualifications Accounting and Finance EHS Aspects of Operations Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Industry Focus (Agriculture and Food) Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CEO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives Robert C. Arzbaecher Robert C. Arzbaecher served as chief executive officer of Actuant Corporation, a diversified manufacturer and marketer of industrial products and systems with operations in more than 30 countries, from 2000 until January 2014 and as interim president and chief executive officer of Actuant from August 2015 until March 2016. He served as a director of Actuant from 2000 until January 2017 and as chairman of the board of Actuant from 2001 until March 2016. From 1992 until 2000, he held various financial positions with Applied Power, Inc., Actuant s predecessor, the most recent of which was chief financial officer. Prior to 1992, Mr. Arzbaecher held various financial positions with Grabill Aerospace Industries Ltd., Farley Industries Inc., and Grant Thornton LLP, a public accounting firm. Mr. Arzbaecher is a certified public accountant and he is also a director of Fiduciary Management, Inc. mutual funds. Qualifications As the former chairman and chief executive officer of Actuant, Mr. Arzbaecher brings public company governance, human capital management, operations, strategy strategic initiative, senior executive leadership and risk management expertise to the Board. As a certified public accountant who has served as a financial executive, he is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC rules and brings accounting and finance expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) None Age 66 Director Since 2005 CF Industries Committees Audit Environmental sustainability and community Qualifications Accounting and Finance Human Capital Management Operations Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CEO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Christopher D. Bohn Christopher D. Bohn has served as our president and chief executive officer since January 2026. He was previously our executive vice president and chief operating officer, leading global manufacturing, distribution, sales and supply chain, including our clean energy initiatives, from February 2024 to January 2026. Prior to that role, he was our executive vice president and chief financial officer, from July 2023 to February 2024, our senior vice president and chief financial officer, from September 2019 to July 2023, our senior vice president, manufacturing and distribution, from May 2016 to September 2019, our senior vice president, manufacturing, from January 2016 to May 2016, our senior vice president, supply chain, from January 2015 to December 2015, our vice president, supply chain, from January 2014 to December 2014, our vice president, corporate planning, from October 2010 to January 2014, and our director, corporate planning and analysis, from September 2009 to October 2010. Prior to joining CF Industries, Mr. Bohn served as chief financial officer for Hess Print Solutions from August 2007 to September 2009. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bohn was vice president global financial planning and analysis for Merisant Worldwide, Inc. Qualifications As the president and chief executive officer of CF Industries, and with his previous chief operating officer, chief financial officer, manufacturing, distribution, supply chain and corporate planning positions over his more than 15 year tenure with our company, Mr. Bohn brings substantial accounting and finance, operations, fertilizer and chemical industry, strategy strategic initiative, senior executive leadership, environmental sustainability, environmental, health and safety of operations, public company governance and risk management expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) None Age 58 Director Since 2024 CF Industries Committees None Qualifications Accounting and Finance EHS Aspects of Operations Environmental Sustainability Industry Focus (Fertilizer / Chemical) Operations Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CEO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives Deborah L. DeHaas Deborah L. DeHaas retired from Deloitte as a vice chairman and the managing partner of the Center for Board Effectiveness in September 2020. She held numerous leadership roles at Deloitte during her 18 years of service to the firm, including as the firm s first chief inclusion officer, as the regional managing partner for the midwest and central regions of Deloitte in which role she led the quality, client satisfaction, growth, marketplace and talent initiatives for over 10,000 professionals in fourteen states as the Chicago office managing partner, as a member of the Deloitte US board of directors, and as a member of the Deloitte US Executive Committee. Before joining Deloitte, Ms. DeHaas was a partner at Arthur Andersen LLP. She has served as the chief executive officer of Corporate Leadership Center, an executive leadership development organization, since November 2020. She previously served on the board and executive committee of the Value Reporting Foundation Board (formerly known as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Foundation Board) until it was consolidated into the IFRS Foundation in August 2022. She is also a trustee and chair of the audit committee at both Northwestern University and the University of Denver. Since 2021, Ms. DeHaas has also been a member of the board of directors of Dover Corporation, a diversified global manufacturer and solutions provider. Qualifications With her roles and responsibilities at Deloitte, Corporate Leadership Center, and the Value Reporting Foundation Board, Ms. DeHaas brings substantial environmental sustainability, human capital management, public company governance, risk management, senior executive leadership and strategy strategic initiative expertise to the Board. Ms. DeHaas is a certified public accountant and is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC rules and brings accounting and finance expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) Dover Corporation (2021 Present) Age 66 Director Since 2021 CF Industries Committees Audit (Chair) Environmental Sustainability and Community Qualifications Accounting and Finance Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership Strategy Strategic Initiatives 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS John W. Eaves John W. Eaves served as the executive chairman of Arch Resources, Inc., a top coal producer for the global steel and power generation industries, from April 2020 to May 2024 and served as president and chief executive officer of Arch Resources from 2012 to April 2020. Mr. Eaves has more than 30 years of experience in the coal industry. During his tenure with Arch Resources, he also held positions of president and chief operating officer; senior vice president of marketing; and vice president of marketing and president of Arch Coal Sales, the company s marketing subsidiary. Mr. Eaves joined Arch Resources in 1987 after serving in various marketing-related positions at Diamond Shamrock Coal Company and Natomas Coal Company. He previously served on the boards of the National Association of Manufacturers and the National Mining Association. On January 11, 2016, Arch Resources filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. On October 5, 2016, Arch Resources s reorganization plan became effective, and it emerged from Chapter 11. Qualifications As the former executive chairman and former president and chief executive officer of Arch Resources, Mr. Eaves brings substantial energy industry, operations, strategy strategic initiative, risk management, human capital management, environmental sustainability, senior executive leadership, public company governance and environmental, health and safety of operations expertise to the Board. Mr. Eaves has extensive experience in accounting and finance through his active supervision of those performing financial accounting and reporting at Arch Resources and he is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC rules. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) Arch Resources, Inc. (2006 2024) Age 68 Director Since 2017 CF Industries Committees Audit Compensation and management development (Chair) Qualifications Accounting and Finance EHS Aspects of Operations Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Industry Focus (Energy) Operations Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CEO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives Susan A. Ellerbusch Susan A. Ellerbusch served as chief executive officer of Air Liquide North America LLC., the U.S. subsidiary of Air Liquide S.A., a world leader in gases, technologies and services for industry and health, with a presence in 80 countries, from September 2019 to January 2022. Ms. Ellerbusch was also a member of Air Liquide s Executive Committee during this time. As head of Air Liquide s operations in the U.S., Ms. Ellerbusch led the company s Large Industries, Electronics, Hydrogen Energy and Canadian Industrial Merchant and Healthcare businesses. From September 2015 to September 2019, Ms. Ellerbusch served as president of Air Liquide Large Industries U.S., where she led the restructuring of the business to enable a greater focus on operational performance and customer engagement. Prior to Air Liquide, Ms. Ellerbusch worked at British Petroleum, or BP, where she held roles of increasing responsibility, including most recently as President, BP Biofuels North America, from 2008 to 2015. Qualifications With her roles and responsibilities at Air Liquide and BP, Ms. Ellerbusch brings substantial chemicals and energy industries, accounting and finance, operations, environmental, health and safety of operations, public company governance, risk management, senior executive leadership and strategy strategic initiative expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) Summit Materials, Inc. (2018 2025) Age 58 Director Since 2023 CF Industries Committee Compensation and management development Environmental Sustainability and Community (Chair) Qualifications Accounting and Finance EHS Aspects of Operations Industry Focus (Chemicals and Energy) Operations Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership Strategy Strategic Initiatives 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Jesus Madrazo Jesus Madrazo Yris has served as the chief executive officer and president of Reiter Affiliated Companies, a privately held company and the largest fresh multi-berry producer in the world, since November 2023. From August 2018 to November 2019, Mr. Madrazo was the executive vice president of public affairs and sustainability of Bayer AG s Crop Science division. Prior to that role, Mr. Madrazo held numerous leadership positions during his 19 years of service at Monsanto Company, including as the executive vice president, operations, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia and global supply chain in which role he had oversight of more than 9,000 employees and held responsibility for the EMEA and Asia regional business as well as global planning, production, manufacturing, procurement, transportation, engineering and customer care as vice president of global corporate engagement, and as vice president of the International Row Crops Business. Mr. Madrazo is the founder and chairman of Kompali Farms, a large wine grapes producer in Mexico renowned for its innovation in uniting technology and sustainability to deliver value to consumers while minimizing environmental impact. He also serves as a member of the board of directors of Reiter Affiliated Companies. Qualifications With his leadership roles and responsibilities at Reiter Affiliated Companies, Bayer AG s Crop Science division, Kompali Farms and Monsanto Company, Mr. Madrazo brings agricultural industry, environmental sustainability, human capital management, operations, senior executive leadership, strategy strategic initiatives and risk management expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) None Age 56 Director Since 2021 CF Industries Committees Corporate governance and nominating Environmental sustainability and community Qualifications Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Industry Focus (Agriculture) Operations Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CEO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives Anne P. Noonan Anne P. Noonan served as president and chief executive officer and as a director of Summit Materials, Inc., a leading vertically integrated construction materials company that supplies aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt paving mix in the United States and western Canada, from September 2020 to February 2025. Since November 2025, Ms. Noonan has served as a member of the board of directors, and chair of its people and compensation committee, of Qnity, a spin-off of DuPont s electronic business. From December 2016 to April 2020, Ms. Noonan served as president and chief executive officer and as a member of the board of directors of OMNOVA Solutions Inc., a global provider of emulsion polymers, specialty chemicals, and engineered surfaces for a variety of commercial, industrial, and residential end uses with manufacturing, technical, and other facilities located in North America, Europe, China, and Thailand. She served as OMNOVA s president, performance chemicals from 2014 until December 2016. Ms. Noonan previously held several positions of increasing responsibility with Chemtura Corporation, a global chemical company, from 1987 through 2014, including most recently as senior vice president and president of Chemtura s Industrial Engineer Products business and Corporate Development function. Qualifications As the former president and chief executive officer of both Summit Materials and OMNOVA and with previous executive operating positions at both OMNOVA and Chemtura, Ms. Noonan brings operations, chemical industry, environmental, health and safety of operations, environmental sustainability, human capital management, public company governance, risk management, senior executive leadership and strategy strategic initiative expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) Qnity Electronics (2025 Present) Summit Materials, Inc. (2020 2025) Age 62 Director Since 2015 Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director (elect) CF Industries Committees Compensation and management development Corporate governance and nominating Qualifications EHS Aspects of Operations Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Industry Focus (Chemicals) Operations Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CEO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Michael J. Toelle Michael J. Toelle is the owner of T T Farms, a diversified farming company. He has been a member of the board of directors of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, one of the largest insurance and financial services companies in the world, since 2013. He is a former board chairman and former longtime board member of CHS Inc., a diversified global agribusiness cooperative. He also served as a board member for Cenex, Inc., before it merged with Harvest States Cooperatives to create CHS in 1998. Mr. Toelle is past chairman of the CHS Foundation and previously served as a director for the Agricultural Council of America and Country Partners Cooperative. Since June 2020, Mr. Toelle has served as a member of the board of directors of CIBO Technologies, a privately-owned science-based software company that applies science and technology to the scaling of environmentally and economically sustainable agriculture. Qualifications As the owner and operator of a major diversified farming company, a director of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company and CIBO Technologies and former chairman and director of CHS, Mr. Toelle brings agricultural industry, environmental sustainability, risk management, senior executive leadership and strategy strategic initiative expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) None Age 63 Director Since 2017 CF Industries Committees Corporate governance and nominating (Chair) Environmental sustainability and community Qualifications Environmental Sustainability Industry Focus (Agriculture) Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership Strategy Strategic Initiatives Theresa E. Wagler Theresa E. Wagler has served as chief financial officer and executive vice president of Steel Dynamics, Inc., one of the largest domestic steel producers and metals recyclers in the United States, since 2007 and 2009, respectively. She serves as Steel Dynamics principal accounting officer and also has oversight responsibility for information technology and cybersecurity, human resources, business development and strategy, decarbonization and other initiatives, and several operating joint ventures. She has held various positions of increasing responsibility since joining Steel Dynamics in 1998. Prior to joining Steel Dynamics, she served as assistant corporate controller for Fort Wayne National Bank and as a certified public accountant with Ernst Young LLP. Qualifications With her roles and responsibilities at Steel Dynamics, Ms. Wagler brings substantial public company governance, strategy strategic initiative, risk management, human capital management, operations, environmental, health and safety of operations, senior executive leadership and environmental sustainability expertise to the Board. Her background also brings an understanding of information technology and cyber risk to the Board to help ensure proper risk oversight. Ms. Wagler is a certified public accountant and an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC rules and brings accounting and finance expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) None Age 55 Director Since 2014 CF Industries Committees Audit Environmental sustainability and community Qualifications Accounting and Finance EHS Aspects of Operations Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Operations Public Company Governance Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (CFO) Strategy Strategic Initiatives 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Celso L. White Celso L. White served as global chief supply chain officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company, one of the largest global brewers with breweries in the United States, Canada, Europe and India and worldwide distribution, from January 2013 to December 2019. From September 2010 to January 2013, he was vice president of international supply chain at Molson Coors. Prior to joining Molson Coors, he was Pepsi Cola s vice president and general manager of Concentrate Operations, responsible for the Americas and parts of Asia, from 2004 to 2010. Mr. White co-founded and served as co-CEO of Igniting Business Growth LLC, a consultancy business, from 2020 to 2024. Mr. White serves on the board of Colorado UpLift based in Denver, Colorado, the Board of Trustees of the Children Center in Hilton Head, South Carolina, and is a member of the Bradley University Board of Trustees. He was a member of the board of directors of Armada Acquisition Corp. I, a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) concentrating in the FinTech industry, from 2021 until its business combination in August 2024, and of Armada Acquisition Corp. II, a SPAC concentrating in the FinTech, SaaS and AI industries, from 2024 until its sale in August 2025. He is also a member of the board of directors of Armada Acquisition Corp. III, a SPAC concentrating in the FinTech, SaaS and AI industries, since 2025. Qualifications As the global chief supply chain officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company, Mr. White was responsible for all aspects of the supply chain from grain fields to finished product retailer distribution, including procurement; operations; planning; logistics and distribution; environmental health and safety; engineering; and technical innovation. Mr. White brings operational, agricultural industry, strategy strategic initiative, risk management, human capital management, environmental sustainability, senior executive leadership and environmental, health and safety of operations expertise to the Board. Other Public Company Directorships (within the past 5 years) Armada Acquisition Corp. II (2025 2025) Armada Acquisition Corp. I (2021 2024) Age 64 Director Since 2018 CF Industries Committees Corporate governance and nominating Environmental sustainability and community Qualifications EHS Aspects of Operations Environmental Sustainability Human Capital Management Industry Focus (Agriculture) Operations Risk Management Senior Executive Leadership (Global Supply Chain Officer) Strategy Strategic Initiatives 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CF Industries is committed to implementing sound corporate governance practices that enhance the effectiveness of the Board and our management and that serve the interests of our shareholders. Our corporate governance and nominating committee periodically reviews corporate governance developments and best practices along with our policies and business strategies. The committee advises the Board and management in an effort to strengthen existing governance practices and develop new policies that make CF Industries a better company. We are proud of the steps we have taken and the progress we have made to further strengthen our corporate governance practices and demonstrate our responsiveness to shareholder concerns. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES The Board has adopted corporate governance guidelines to document its overall corporate governance philosophy. According to these guidelines, the business and affairs of CF Industries shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. The Board s goal is to build long-term value for our shareholders and assure the vitality of the company for our customers and employees and the other individuals and organizations who depend on us. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is available to shareholders on our corporate website, www.cfindustries.com , or by writing to our corporate secretary at the address of our principal executive offices on the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders accompanying this Proxy Statement. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The diversity of skills and experiences of our directors has been, and continues to be, critical to our success. Our corporate governance guidelines require that the Board be composed of at least a majority of directors who qualify as independent directors under the listing standards of the NYSE. Additionally, in accordance with NYSE listing standards, the members of our audit, compensation and management development, and corporate governance and nominating committees must be independent. The Board has made an affirmative determination that all of our non-employee directors who served in 2025 or are currently serving as directors, including all of our non-employee director nominees, have no material relationship with CF Industries or any of its subsidiaries (other than, as applicable, being a director and shareholder of CF Industries) and, accordingly, meet the applicable requirements for independence set forth in the NYSE s listing standards. LEADERSHIP OF THE BOARD Separate Independent Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer The Board has determined that the most effective leadership structure is to maintain an independent Board chair role separate from the chief executive officer. In making this determination, the Board considered a number of factors, including (1) that separating these positions allows the Board chair to focus on the Board s role of providing advice to, and independent oversight of, management and (2) the time and effort our chief executive officer needs to devote to the management and operation of CF Industries and the development and implementation of our business strategies. Although our governance documents provide the Board with the flexibility to select a leadership structure that it deems best for CF Industries at any given point in time, the Board intends to continue to maintain an independent Board chair separate from the chief executive officer. In addition, according to our corporate governance guidelines, if the chair of the Board is not an independent director, our independent directors will designate one of the independent directors to serve as a lead independent director. If the chair of the Board is an independent director, then he or she will serve as the lead independent director. Stephen J. Hagge became our chair of the Board effective January 1, 2022. Mr. Hagge was selected by the directors to serve as chair because of his contributions to the leadership of the 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board. Because Mr. Hagge is an independent director, he also serves as our lead independent director. Mr. Hagge is not standing for re-election due to our general policy regarding retirement age. Ms. Noonan has been elected by the Board to succeed Mr. Hagge as our Chair of the Board, effective at the Annual Meeting. The lead independent director s duties include (i) coordinating the activities of the independent directors, (ii) coordinating the agenda for and moderating sessions of the independent directors, and (iii) facilitating communications between the other members of the Board. Unless otherwise provided in a short-term succession plan approved by the Board: in the event that the chief executive officer should unexpectedly become unable to perform his or her duties, the chair of the Board (if the chair is an independent director or else the lead independent director) shall allocate the duties of the chief executive officer among our other senior officers; and in the event that the chair of the Board should unexpectedly become unable to perform his or her duties, the chief executive officer (if the chair of the Board is an independent director or else the lead independent director) shall assume the duties of the chair of the Board, in each case, until the Board has the opportunity to consider the situation and take action. Executive Sessions At each regularly scheduled meeting, the Board conducts executive sessions, which are discussions that involve only the non-employee directors. Further at the committee level, members met in executive session seven times without management present. Our corporate governance guidelines state that the lead independent director or, in such director s absence, another independent director designated by the lead independent director will preside at the executive sessions of the Board. Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations and Director Peer Evaluations Our corporate governance and nominating committee sponsors an annual self-assessment of the Board s performance and the performance of each committee of the Board as well as director peer evaluations. The assessment includes a review of any areas in which the Board believes the Board can make a better contribution to CF Industries. In addition, the chair of the corporate governance and nominating committee sponsors an annual self-assessment of director skills and experience. The assessment asks each director to rank the importance of various business experiences, qualifications, attributes, and skills to our current and future global strategy, business, and governance and to rate the director s own competency level in each of these skills. The results of the assessments are discussed with the full Board and each committee. The corporate governance and nominating committee considers the results of these self-evaluation processes as applicable in assessing and determining the characteristics and critical skills required of prospective candidates for election to the Board and making recommendations to the Board with respect to assignments of Board members to various committees. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD The Board has established four separate standing committees: the audit committee, the compensation and management development committee, the corporate governance and nominating committee and the environmental sustainability and community committee. The Board has adopted written charters for each of these committees, and copies of these charters are available to shareholders on our corporate website, www.cfindustries.com , or by writing to our corporate secretary at the address of our principal executive offices on the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders accompanying this Proxy Statement. Audit Committee . Our audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The committee currently consists of, and during 2025 consisted of, Deborah L. DeHaas (chair), Robert C. Arzbaecher, John W. Eaves, and Theresa E. Wagler. During 2025, 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Ms. Wagler served chair of the committee from January to May 2025 before Ms. DeHaas became chair effective May 2025. The Board has affirmatively determined that all of the directors who served on the committee during 2025 and who presently serve on the committee are independent under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE applicable to audit committee members. The Board has also determined that Ms. DeHaas, Mr. Arzbaecher, Mr. Eaves and Ms. Wagler are audit committee financial experts, as defined by the SEC. The audit committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for (1) the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting process and our systems of internal accounting and financial controls, (2) the performance of our internal audit function, (3) the annual independent integrated audit of our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, and (4) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including our disclosure controls and procedures. The duties and responsibilities of the audit committee include the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm and the evaluation of our accounting firm s qualifications, independence, and performance. The audit committee s report to shareholders appears elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. Compensation and Management Development Committee . Our compensation and management development committee currently consists of John W. Eaves (chair), Javed Ahmed, Susan A. Ellerbusch, Stephen J. Hagge and Anne P. Noonan. During 2025, the compensation and management development committee members were John W. Eaves (chair), Javed Ahmed, Susan A. Ellerbusch (from May 2025), Stephen J. Hagge, Anne P. Noonan and Michael J. Toelle (from January to May 2025). The Board has affirmatively determined that all of the directors who served on the committee during 2025 and who presently serve on the committee are independent under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE applicable to compensation committee members. The Board has also determined that all of the directors who served on during 2025 and who presently serve on the committee qualify as non-employee directors, within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and outside directors, within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). The compensation and management development committee oversees our compensation and employee wellbeing plans and practices, including our executive compensation plans, director compensation plans, and incentive compensation and equity-based plans. In addition, the compensation and management development committee supports the full Board with succession planning for the CEO, while overseeing and reviewing management s development and retention of, and succession planning for, other key executives and senior management. The compensation and management development committee may delegate to subcommittees of two or more members such power and authority, other than any power or authority required by any law, regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the compensation and management development committee as a whole, as the compensation and management development committee deems appropriate. The compensation and management development committee s report to shareholders appears elsewhere in this Proxy Statement under the heading Compensation Committee Report. Additional information regarding the processes and procedures of the compensation and management development committee in recommending and determining compensation for our directors and executive officers is set forth below under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee . Our corporate governance and nominating committee currently consists of Michael J. Toelle (chair), Javed Ahmed, Stephen J. Hagge, Jesus Madrazo, Anne P. Noonan and Celso L. White. During 2025, the corporate governance and nominating committee members were Michael J. Toelle (from, including as chair, May 2025), Javed Ahmed, Stephen J. Hagge, Jesus Madrazo, Anne P. Noonan (chair from January to May 2025) and Celso L. White. The Board has affirmatively determined that all of the directors who served on the committee during 2025 and who presently serve on the committee are independent under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. The corporate governance and nominating committee s responsibilities include identifying and recommending to the Board individuals qualified to serve as directors and on committees of the Board; advising the directors with respect to the Board s composition, procedures, and committees; developing and recommending to the 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board a set of corporate governance principles; overseeing the evaluation of the Board; and coordinating the Board s evaluation of the president and chief executive officer. Environmental Sustainability and Community Committee . Our environmental sustainability and community committee currently consists of Susan A. Ellerbusch (chair), Robert C. Arzbaecher, Deborah L. DeHaas, Jesus Madrazo, Michael J. Toelle, Theresa E. Wagler and Celso L. White. During 2025, the environmental sustainability and community committee members were Susan A. Ellerbusch (chair from May 2025), Robert C. Arzbaecher (chair from January through May 2025), Deborah L. DeHaas, John W. Eaves (from January through May 2025), Jesus Madrazo, Michael J. Toelle, Theresa E. Wagler and Celso L. White. The Board has affirmatively determined that all of the directors who served on the committee during 2025 and who presently serve on the committee are independent under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. The purpose of the environmental sustainability and community committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to the strategies, goals, objectives, policies and practices, and related risks that pertain to energy, emissions and climate change, food security, product stewardship, public advocacy, community engagement, and charitable contributions ( ESC Committee Matters ). The environmental sustainability and community committee s responsibilities include considering, reviewing and monitoring the company s general strategy and objectives relating to ESC Committee Matters; assessing the effectiveness of and advising the Board on the company s programs and initiatives related to ESC Committee Matters; reviewing and discussing current and emerging trends with respect to ESC Committee Matters; and discussing and reviewing with management the company s identification, assessment and management of risks associated with ESC Committee Matters. The environmental sustainability and community committee also reviews the goals established from time to time with respect to ESC Committee Matters, assesses the company s sustainability performance and progress towards its goals and strategic objectives, discusses reports and rankings published by relevant third parties with respect to the company s profile, programs and initiatives related to ESC Committee Matters, and oversees the company s external reporting on ESC Committee Matters, including our Corporate Stewardship Report. ATTENDANCE OF DIRECTORS AT MEETINGS Directors are expected to attend meetings of the Board and the committees on which they serve, as well as our annual meeting of shareholders. A director who is unable to attend a meeting (which it is understood will occur on occasion) is expected to notify the chair of the Board or the chair of the appropriate committee in advance of such meeting. During 2025, the Board held eight meetings, our audit committee held nine meetings, our compensation and management development committee held six meetings, our corporate governance and nominating committee held four meetings and our environmental sustainability and community committee held five meetings. Each of our directors attended 75% or more of the meetings of the full Board and the committees on which he or she served during 2025. All thirteen of our directors then in office attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, which was held virtually on May 6, 2025. BOARD OVERSIGHT OF STRATEGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT Shareholders elect the Board to oversee management and to serve shareholders long-term interests. Management is responsible for delivering on our strategy, creating our culture, establishing accountability, and managing risk. The Board and its committees work closely with management to balance and align strategy, risk, sustainability, and other areas while considering feedback from shareholders. Essential to the Board s oversight role is a transparent and active dialogue between the Board and its committees and management. To support that dialogue, the Board and its committees have access to, receive presentations from, and conduct regular meetings with our executive officers, other internal business and function leaders and subject matter experts, as well as external experts and advisors. 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Oversight of Strategy One of the Board s primary responsibilities is reviewing and approving the strategy established by management and overseeing the successful execution of our strategy. Throughout the year, the Board and its committees provide oversight and guidance to management regarding our strategy, operating plans, and overall performance. While elements of strategy are embedded in every regularly-scheduled meeting of the Board, the Board also dedicates at least one full day meeting each year to focus on our long-term business strategic planning. At all of these reviews, the Board engages with our executive officers and other business leaders regarding business objectives, the competitive landscape, market developments, economic trends, political and regulatory developments and sustainability matters. At meetings occurring throughout the year, the Board also assesses strategic initiatives, our budget and capital allocation plans, and performance for alignment to our strategy. Board Oversight of Risk Management Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining systems to assess and manage the company s risk exposure, and the Board provides oversight in connection with those efforts. We believe that the Board s leadership structure supports the Board s risk oversight function. In fulfilling its risk oversight role, the Board focuses on the adequacy of our risk management process and the effectiveness of our overall risk management system. In addition, the Board routinely assesses policies and procedures in critical areas to ensure that the responsibilities and authority delegated to senior management are appropriate from an operational and risk management perspective. The Board also receives regular reports from senior management addressing financial and operational risk exposure, including monthly scorecards and quarterly dashboards that include financial metrics and safety and environmental statistics. Our management has established an enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program that includes an annual assessment process designed to identify risks that could affect us and the achievement of our objectives; to understand, assess, and prioritize those risks; and to facilitate the implementation of risk management strategies and processes across the company that are responsive to the company s risk profile, business strategies, and specific material risk exposures. The ERM program seeks to integrate consideration of risk and risk management into business decision-making throughout the company, including through the implementation of policies and procedures intended to ensure that necessary information with respect to material risks