=== CF_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below in evaluating the Company and before deciding to invest in any of our securities. These risks and uncertainties, individually or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently do not believe to be material could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Market Risks Our industry is cyclical, and our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon changes in supply and demand of nitrogen products, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be negatively affected in periods of industry oversupply. Selling prices for our products, which are global commodities or derived from global commodities, have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. Supply of nitrogen products is affected primarily by available production capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, energy prices, government policies and global trade. Demand for nitrogen products is affected by planted acreage, crop selection and fertilizer application rates, driven by population changes, economic growth, changes in dietary habits and non-food use of crops, such as production of ethanol and other biofuels. Demand also includes industrial uses of nitrogen, for example, chemical manufacturing and emissions reductants such as diesel exhaust fluid (DEF). Many factors affecting supply and demand of global nitrogen products are out of our control and could significantly impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Periods, or anticipated periods, of strong demand, high-capacity utilization or increasing operating margins tend to stimulate global investment in production capacity. During such periods, nitrogen manufacturers, including the Company, have built new production capacity or expanded capacity of existing production assets, or have announced plans to do so. Construction of new production capacity in the industry, and improvements to increase output from existing production assets, increase nitrogen supply availability and place downward pressure on nitrogen selling prices, particularly when supply growth outpaces demand growth. For example, in the two-year period ended December 31, 2017, additional production capacity came online, and the average selling price for our products declined 34%, from $314 per ton in 2015 to $207 per ton in 2017. Additional nitrogen production capacity has come online in the past 12 months and is expected to continue to do so globally over the next 12 months. In addition, we and other companies have announced plans to build new facilities for low-carbon ammonia, such as our ongoing development of a low-carbon ammonia production facility at our Blue Point complex in Louisiana. We cannot predict the impact of this additional capacity on nitrogen selling prices. Additionally, global or local economic, political and financial conditions or changes in such conditions, or other factors, may cause acceleration of announced and/or ongoing projects, which could further impact nitrogen selling prices. Similarly, lower energy prices can spur increases in production, which would result in increased supply and pressure on selling prices. Additionally, if imports increase into an oversupplied region, that region could experience lower prices. During periods of industry oversupply, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be affected negatively due to a decline in the price at which we sell our products. As a result, we may experience reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. Due to the cyclical nature of our industry, we have experienced periods of industry oversupply, which impacted our financial performance, credit ratings and the trading price for our common stock. We cannot predict the timing or duration of such periods of industry oversupply or the degree to which oversupply conditions would impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Nitrogen products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other producers. We are subject to intense price competition from other producers. The nitrogen products that we produce are global commodities or are derived from global commodities, with little or no product differentiation. Customers tend to make their purchasing decisions of these products principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, low-carbon attributes, reliability, customer service and product quality. As a consequence, conditions in the global market, including pricing competition, for nitrogen products significantly influence our operating results. We compete with many producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. Some of our competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from nitrogen product sales, which make them less vulnerable to fertilizer and other nitrogen product industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. In addition, some of these entities may have access to lower cost natural gas supplies, financing, transportation and government-subsidies and tax incentives, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, state-owned competitors may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products, or may have their production inputs or 14 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. consumption subsidized in order to support domestic employment or to foster other political or social goals. We may not be able to be competitive with these entities, including if we are not able to expand our own resources to a similar extent, either through investments in new or existing operations or through acquisitions or joint ventures. China, the world’s largest producer and consumer of nitrogen fertilizers, currently has a government policy to limit exports of nitrogen fertilizers through a variety of measures. However, a number of factors could encourage China to expand exports of nitrogen fertilizers, including changes in Chinese government policy, higher utilization of production capacity, devaluation of the Chinese renminbi, the relaxation of Chinese environmental standards or decreases in Chinese producers’ underlying costs such as the price of Chinese coal. Any increase in production or export volume could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face competition from other fertilizer producers in the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and the Western Hemisphere, including Canada and Trinidad and Tobago (Trinidad). These producers, depending on market conditions, fluctuating input prices, geographic location and freight economics, may take actions at times with respect to price or selling volumes that adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Some of these producers also benefit from non-market or government-set rates for natural gas pricing, which has resulted in significant volumes of exports to the United States. For example, the 2016 revocations of U.S. antidumping measures on solid urea and fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from Russia allowed for increased imports from that country into the United States in recent years. In addition, in recent years, high volumes of urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) imports from Russia have negatively affected U.S. producers’ UAN profitability. Government policies in these regions may also stimulate future ammonia or hydrogen investments. Recently, many proposed low-carbon ammonia projects have been announced or considered, and future hydrogen, energy, environmental or carbon policies may support development of additional nitrogen production in locations outside North America, including Europe, Australia, India, and the Middle East. Global competition for nitrogen products is also influenced by other factors, including currency exchange rates, including the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact on the cost of importing nitrogen products into the United States, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign jurisdictions and the laws and policies of the regions in which we operate, including the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade and investment. For example, the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas in a region, such as the European Union’s imposition of additional and increasing tariffs on nitrogen fertilizers from Russia that began in July 2025, can directly impact product pricing in that region, which can lead to changes in global trade flows and impact the global supply and demand balance and pricing. Market participants customarily move product between regions of the world, or adjust trade flows, in response to these factors. North America, where we manufacture and sell most of our products, is one of the largest and most accessible nitrogen trading regions in the world. As a result, other manufacturers, traders and other market participants have historically moved nitrogen products to North America when there is uncertainty associated with the supply and demand balance in other regions or when duties, tariffs or quotas impact prices or trade flows in other regions. Changes to tariffs on imports into the United States, retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports, and potential renegotiation of trade deals may also impact prices or trade flows. Any such duties, tariffs and quotas can lead to uncertainty in the global marketplace and impact the supply and demand balance in many regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the European Commission recently extended through January 6, 2031, definitive anti-dumping duties on imports to the European Union (EU) of UAN manufactured in Russia, Trinidad and the United States. A decline in agricultural production, limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes or developments in crop technology could materially adversely affect the demand for our products. Conditions in the United States, Europe, India, Brazil, China and other countries and regions of global significance in agricultural production significantly impact our operating results. Agricultural planted areas and production can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and governmental policies regarding production of or trade in agricultural products. These factors are outside of our control. Governmental policies and changes thereto, including farm and biofuel subsidies, commodity support programs and tariffs, environmental and greenhouse gas (GHG) policies, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. For example, ethanol production in the United States contributes significantly to corn demand, representing approximately 35% of total U.S. corn demand, and is impacted by federal legislation mandating renewable fuels use. Mandated ethanol production increases have increased the amount of corn grown in the United States and related fertilizer usage. Other U.S. policies have had similar impacts on other crops including grains and soybeans. Conversely, while the current Renewable 15 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Fuel Standard encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, various interested parties have called to eliminate or reduce the renewable fuel mandate, or to eliminate or reduce corn-based ethanol as part of such mandate. Additionally, other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. Lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency and the expansion of electric vehicle use, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry. This could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and fertilizer demand. Additionally, government incentives and other policies and recent increased investment in renewable biodiesel and associated soybean crush capacity may drive higher soybean oil prices, resulting in more planted acres allocated to soybeans and other oil crops and displacing some acreage traditionally planted to more nitrogen intensive crops such as grains and cotton. Developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, or nitrogen-efficient varieties, or developments in alternatives to traditional animal feed or alternative proteins, could also reduce the use of nitrogen fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. Widespread adoption of emerging application technologies or alternative farming techniques could disrupt traditional application practices, affecting the volume or types of fertilizer products used and timing of applications. In addition, from time to time various foreign governments and U.S. state legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers due to concerns about the negative impact that the application of these products can have on the environment. For example, the United Kingdom implemented an assurance scheme in 2024 to limit the use of unprotected or uninhibited urea products between January and March of every year. While CF Fertilisers UK Limited does not sell solid urea fertilizer in the United Kingdom, limitations on fertilizer use have been and may be considered by other jurisdictions. In addition, Canada has announced a target of reducing emissions from fertilizers by 30% below 2020 levels by 2030 and is supporting implementation through improved nitrogen management and optimizing fertilizer use. These or other more stringent limitations on GHG emissions applicable to farmers, the end-users of our nitrogen fertilizers, could reduce the demand for our fertilizer products to the extent their use of our products increases farm-level emissions. Any reduction in the demand for our nitrogen fertilizer products, including as a result of technological developments or limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is dependent on natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility. Nitrogen from the atmosphere and hydrogen from natural gas, coal and other carbon energy feedstocks, or from the electrolysis of water, are the fundamental building blocks of nitrogen products. Energy feedstock costs comprise a significant portion of the total production cost of nitrogen products and, relative to the industry’s marginal producers that set the global price of nitrogen, generally determine profitability for nitrogen producers. Our manufacturing processes utilize natural gas as the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen products. We use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, UAN, AN and other nitrogen products. Most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Canada. As a result, North American natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our products. The price of natural gas in North America has historically been volatile. The price has declined on average due in part to the development of significant natural gas reserves, including shale gas, and the rapid improvement in shale gas extraction techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. However, shifts in the supply of and demand for natural gas due to market and regulatory changes can lead to extended periods of higher natural gas prices. In recent years, the cost of North American natural gas for the production of nitrogen fertilizers has been significantly lower than the cost of natural gas in other parts of the world where the industry’s marginal nitrogen producers are located. Any increases in the volume of liquefied natural gas (LNG) exported from the United States to other regions or increases in natural gas development outside the United States, particularly in regions where nitrogen products are produced, could increase our natural gas costs and/or lower natural gas costs for our competitors. In recent years, U.S. LNG export capabilities have expanded, and U.S. LNG exports have increased, resulting in the United States becoming a leading exporter of LNG globally, with further expanded capabilities and export increases expected following the resumption of U.S. export permitting in 2025. If natural gas prices outside of North America were to decrease or North American natural gas prices were to increase, our favorable energy cost differentials relative to the industry’s marginal nitrogen producers could significantly erode, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain of our operating facilities are located near natural gas hubs that have experienced increased natural gas development and have favorable price differences as compared to other North American hubs. Favorable price differences in certain regions may dissipate over time due to increases in natural gas pipeline or storage capacity in those regions. Additionally, price differentials may become materially unfavorable due to a lack of inbound gas pipeline or storage capacity in other regions during periods of unusually high demand. Increased demand for natural gas, particularly in the Gulf Coast 16 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Region, due to increased industrial demand and increased natural gas exports, could result in increased natural gas prices. If reduced production, increased demand or changes in price were to occur, or if other developments adversely impact the supply and demand balance for natural gas in North America or elsewhere, natural gas prices could rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations. Adverse weather conditions could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. Adverse weather conditions, which may be impacted by climate change, have in the past and may in the future have various negative impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Weather conditions that delay or disrupt field work during the planting, growing, harvesting or application periods may cause agricultural customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following application period, resulting in lower seasonal demand for our products. Adverse weather conditions during or following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. Weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which could lower the income of growers and impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. Adverse weather conditions could also impact transportation of fertilizer, which could disrupt our ability to deliver our products to customers on a timely basis. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in fertilizer applications, planting schedules and purchasing patterns. Over the longer term, changes in weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, which could require us to evolve our distribution system. In addition, we use the North American waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers. We also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deep-water docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites on the U.S. river system near the U.S. Gulf. Therefore, persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding, drought or climate change, for example) may require changes to our operating and distribution activities and/or significant capital improvements to our facilities. For example, recent low water levels on the U.S. river system and in the Panama Canal have delayed shipping in these locations, resulting in an increase in shipping costs. Weather conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, can also disrupt our operations and can affect the price of natural gas, the principal raw material used to make our nitrogen products. Colder and/or longer than normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand for natural gas for residential and industrial use and for power generation, which can increase the cost and/or decrease the availability of natural gas. In addition, adverse weather events, such as extreme cold temperatures, storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods, not only can cause loss of power or other impacts to our facilities or damage to or delays in logistics capabilities disrupting our operations, but also can impact the supply of natural gas and utilities and cause prices to rise. All of the adverse weather conditions described above, including those impacting our customers and our operations, such as the physical risk from storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. Our Donaldsonville and Waggaman complexes are located in an area of the United States that experiences a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity and several of our complexes are located in areas that experience extreme weather events for which insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. In the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency and severity of adverse weather conditions, including in the geographic areas where we have operations. Any significant adverse weather event or combination of adverse weather events could decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations — any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. Our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in our having excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value. The fertilizer business is seasonal. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. The strongest demand for our products in North America occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. In contrast, we and other fertilizer producers generally manufacture and distribute products throughout the year. As a result, we and/or our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year to facilitate timely product availability during the peak demand periods. Seasonality is greatest for ammonia due to the short application seasons and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. The seasonality of fertilizer demand generally 17 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements to build inventory being the highest just prior to the start of the spring planting season. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that would need to be stored (in which case our results of operations would be negatively affected by any related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price could be below our production, procurement and storage costs). The risks associated with excess inventory and product shortages are exacerbated by the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices, the constraints of our storage capacity, and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can apply nitrogen fertilizers. If prices for our products rapidly decrease, we may be required to write-down the value of our inventory, adversely affecting our operating results. A change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis, or the percentage of our sales volume that is sold to our customers on a forward basis, could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and working capital and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and delivery dates we propose. Under our forward sales programs, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment date. Our forward sales improve our liquidity by reducing our working capital needs due to the upfront cash payments received from customers and facilitate more efficient production planning and utilization of our manufacturing and distribution assets. Any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months. We believe the ability to purchase products on a forward basis is more appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. Our customers may be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or when there is an expectation of lower prices in the future. In addition, our customers may be unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis due to their limited capital resources. Fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment. In periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. Operational Risks Our operations are dependent upon raw materials and utilities provided by third parties, and any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities may adversely affect our business. We use raw materials, primarily natural gas, and utilities, such as electricity, in the manufacture of our nitrogen products. We purchase raw materials and utilities from third party suppliers. Our natural gas is transported by pipeline to our facilities by third party transportation providers or through the use of facilities owned by third parties, and certain of our plants are reliant on only one natural gas pipeline. Delays or interruptions in the delivery of raw materials and utilities may be caused by, among other things, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, insolvency of our suppliers or their inability to meet existing contractual arrangements, deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents, unplanned maintenance or mechanical failures. In addition, the transport of natural gas by pipeline is subject to additional risks, including delays or interruptions caused by capacity constraints, leaks or ruptures. Any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities, even for a limited period, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our transportation and distribution activities, including those related to carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) sequestration, rely on third party providers and are subject to environmental, safety and regulatory oversight. This exposes us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations and exposes us to additional liability. We rely on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas, the principal raw material used in our production process, to our manufacturing facilities. In addition, we rely on railroad, barge, truck, vessel and pipeline companies to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. We also lease rail cars in order to ship finished products. Further to our clean energy strategy, we recentl

=== CF_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2026. Such factors include, among others: • our ability to complete the projects at our Blue Point complex, including the construction of a low-carbon ammonia production facility with our joint venture partners and scalable infrastructure on schedule and on budget or at all; • our ability to fund the capital expenditure needs related to the joint venture at our Blue Point complex, which may exceed our current estimates; • the cyclical nature of our business and the impact of global supply and demand on our selling prices and operating results; • the global commodity nature of our nitrogen products, the conditions in the global market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other producers; • announced or future tariffs, retaliatory measures, and global trade relations, including the potential impact of tariffs and retaliatory measures on the price and availability of materials for our capital projects and maintenance; 44 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. • conditions in the United States, Europe and other agricultural areas, including the influence of governmental policies and technological developments on the demand for our fertilizer products; • the volatility of natural gas prices in North America and globally; • weather conditions and the impact of adverse weather events; • the seasonality of the fertilizer business; • the impact of changing market conditions on our forward sales programs; • difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials or utilities, increases in their costs or delays or interruptions in their delivery; • reliance on third party providers of transportation services and equipment, including those related to carbon dioxide sequestration; • our reliance on a limited number of key facilities; • risks associated with cybersecurity; • acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism; • the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling our products against which we may not be fully insured; • risks associated with international operations; • our ability to manage our indebtedness and any additional indebtedness that may be incurred; • risks associated with changes in tax laws and adverse determinations by taxing authorities, including any potential changes in tax regulations and our qualification for tax credits; • risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of our risk management and hedging activities; • potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permitting requirements; • regulatory provisions and requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability matters, including announced or future changes in environmental, climate change or sustainability laws; • the development and growth of the market for low-carbon ammonia and the risks and uncertainties relating to the development and implementation of our low-carbon ammonia projects; • risks associated with investments in and expansions of our business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant resources that could be required; and • failure of technologies to perform, develop or be available as expected, including the low-carbon ATR ammonia production facility with carbon capture and sequestration technologies being constructed at our Blue Point complex. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. See Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for information on our market risk exposure due to changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, and our utilization of natural gas derivatives and an analysis of the sensitivity of these derivatives. As of March 31, 2026, we had open natural gas derivative contracts for 9.0 million MMBtus covering certain periods through March 2027. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in (i) ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There have not been any changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended March 31, 2026 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 45 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. PART II—OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. The following table sets forth share repurchases, on a trade date basis, for each of the three months of the quarter ended March 31, 2026. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares (or units) purchased Average price paid per share (or unit) (1) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (in thousands) (2) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 75,395 (3) $ 80.21 — $ 1,721,844 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 196,217 (4) 97.30 155,108 1,706,845 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 332 (5) 134.76 — 1,706,845 Total 271,944 $ 92.61 155,108 _______________________________________________________________________________ (1) Average price paid per share of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF Holdings) common stock repurchased under the 2025 Share Repurchase Program, as defined below, is the execution price, excluding commissions paid to brokers and excise taxes. (2) On May 6, 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2 billion of CF Holdings common stock effective through December 31, 2029. This share repurchase program is discussed in Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Share Repurchase Programs in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in Note 16—Stockholders’ Equity, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1. Financial Statements in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. (3) Amount represents shares withheld to pay employee tax obligations upon the lapse of restrictions on restricted stock units. (4) Includes 41,109 shares withheld to pay employee tax obligations upon the lapse of restrictions on performance restricted stock units. (5) Amount represents shares withheld to pay employee tax obligations upon the lapse of restrictions on restricted stock units. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, there were no Rule 10b5-