=== CF_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below in evaluating the Company and before deciding to invest in any of our securities. These risks and uncertainties, individually or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently do not believe to be material could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Market Risks Our industry is cyclical, and our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon changes in supply and demand of nitrogen products, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be negatively affected in periods of industry oversupply. Selling prices for our products, which are global commodities or derived from global commodities, have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. Supply of nitrogen products is affected primarily by available production capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, energy prices, government policies and global trade. Demand for nitrogen products is affected by planted acreage, crop selection and fertilizer application rates, driven by population changes, economic growth, changes in dietary habits and non-food use of crops, such as production of ethanol and other biofuels. Demand also includes industrial uses of nitrogen, for example, chemical manufacturing and emissions reductants such as diesel exhaust fluid (DEF). Many factors affecting supply and demand of global nitrogen products are out of our control and could significantly impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Periods, or anticipated periods, of strong demand, high-capacity utilization or increasing operating margins tend to stimulate global investment in production capacity. During such periods, nitrogen manufacturers, including the Company, have built new production capacity or expanded capacity of existing production assets, or have announced plans to do so. Construction of new production capacity in the industry, and improvements to increase output from existing production assets, increase nitrogen supply availability and place downward pressure on nitrogen selling prices, particularly when supply growth outpaces demand growth. For example, in the two-year period ended December 31, 2017, additional production capacity came online, and the average selling price for our products declined 34%, from $314 per ton in 2015 to $207 per ton in 2017. Additional nitrogen production capacity has come online in the past 12 months and is expected to continue to do so globally over the next 12 months. In addition, we and other companies have announced plans to build new facilities for low-carbon ammonia, such as our ongoing development of a low-carbon ammonia production facility at our Blue Point complex in Louisiana. We cannot predict the impact of this additional capacity on nitrogen selling prices. Additionally, global or local economic, political and financial conditions or changes in such conditions, or other factors, may cause acceleration of announced and/or ongoing projects, which could further impact nitrogen selling prices. Similarly, lower energy prices can spur increases in production, which would result in increased supply and pressure on selling prices. Additionally, if imports increase into an oversupplied region, that region could experience lower prices. During periods of industry oversupply, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows tend to be affected negatively due to a decline in the price at which we sell our products. As a result, we may experience reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. Due to the cyclical nature of our industry, we have experienced periods of industry oversupply, which impacted our financial performance, credit ratings and the trading price for our common stock. We cannot predict the timing or duration of such periods of industry oversupply or the degree to which oversupply conditions would impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Nitrogen products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other producers. We are subject to intense price competition from other producers. The nitrogen products that we produce are global commodities or are derived from global commodities, with little or no product differentiation. Customers tend to make their purchasing decisions of these products principally on the basis of delivered price and, to a lesser extent, low-carbon attributes, reliability, customer service and product quality. As a consequence, conditions in the global market, including pricing competition, for nitrogen products significantly influence our operating results. We compete with many producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. Some of our competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from nitrogen product sales, which make them less vulnerable to fertilizer and other nitrogen product industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. In addition, some of these entities may have access to lower cost natural gas supplies, financing, transportation and government-subsidies and tax incentives, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, state-owned competitors may be willing to accept lower prices and profitability on their products, or may have their production inputs or 14 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. consumption subsidized in order to support domestic employment or to foster other political or social goals. We may not be able to be competitive with these entities, including if we are not able to expand our own resources to a similar extent, either through investments in new or existing operations or through acquisitions or joint ventures. China, the world s largest producer and consumer of nitrogen fertilizers, currently has a government policy to limit exports of nitrogen fertilizers through a variety of measures. However, a number of factors could encourage China to expand exports of nitrogen fertilizers, including changes in Chinese government policy, higher utilization of production capacity, devaluation of the Chinese renminbi, the relaxation of Chinese environmental standards or decreases in Chinese producers underlying costs such as the price of Chinese coal. Any increase in production or export volume could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face competition from other fertilizer producers in the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and the Western Hemisphere, including Canada and Trinidad and Tobago (Trinidad). These producers, depending on market conditions, fluctuating input prices, geographic location and freight economics, may take actions at times with respect to price or selling volumes that adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Some of these producers also benefit from non-market or government-set rates for natural gas pricing, which has resulted in significant volumes of exports to the United States. For example, the 2016 revocations of U.S. antidumping measures on solid urea and fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from Russia allowed for increased imports from that country into the United States in recent years. In addition, in recent years, high volumes of urea ammonium nitrate solution (UAN) imports from Russia have negatively affected U.S. producers UAN profitability. Government policies in these regions may also stimulate future ammonia or hydrogen investments. Recently, many proposed low-carbon ammonia projects have been announced or considered, and future hydrogen, energy, environmental or carbon policies may support development of additional nitrogen production in locations outside North America, including Europe, Australia, India, and the Middle East. Global competition for nitrogen products is also influenced by other factors, including currency exchange rates, including the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact on the cost of importing nitrogen products into the United States, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign jurisdictions and the laws and policies of the regions in which we operate, including the imposition of new duties, tariffs or quotas, that affect foreign trade and investment. For example, the imposition of duties, tariffs or quotas in a region, such as the European Union s imposition of additional and increasing tariffs on nitrogen fertilizers from Russia that began in July 2025, can directly impact product pricing in that region, which can lead to changes in global trade flows and impact the global supply and demand balance and pricing. Market participants customarily move product between regions of the world, or adjust trade flows, in response to these factors. North America, where we manufacture and sell most of our products, is one of the largest and most accessible nitrogen trading regions in the world. As a result, other manufacturers, traders and other market participants have historically moved nitrogen products to North America when there is uncertainty associated with the supply and demand balance in other regions or when duties, tariffs or quotas impact prices or trade flows in other regions. Changes to tariffs on imports into the United States, retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports, and potential renegotiation of trade deals may also impact prices or trade flows. Any such duties, tariffs and quotas can lead to uncertainty in the global marketplace and impact the supply and demand balance in many regions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the European Commission recently extended through January 6, 2031, definitive anti-dumping duties on imports to the European Union (EU) of UAN manufactured in Russia, Trinidad and the United States. A decline in agricultural production, limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes or developments in crop technology could materially adversely affect the demand for our products. Conditions in the United States, Europe, India, Brazil, China and other countries and regions of global significance in agricultural production significantly impact our operating results. Agricultural planted areas and production can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, crop disease and/or livestock disease, demand for agricultural products and governmental policies regarding production of or trade in agricultural products. These factors are outside of our control. Governmental policies and changes thereto, including farm and biofuel subsidies, commodity support programs and tariffs, environmental and greenhouse gas (GHG) policies, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. For example, ethanol production in the United States contributes significantly to corn demand, representing approximately 35% of total U.S. corn demand, and is impacted by federal legislation mandating renewable fuels use. Mandated ethanol production increases have increased the amount of corn grown in the United States and related fertilizer usage. Other U.S. policies have had similar impacts on other crops including grains and soybeans. Conversely, while the current Renewable 15 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Fuel Standard encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, various interested parties have called to eliminate or reduce the renewable fuel mandate, or to eliminate or reduce corn-based ethanol as part of such mandate. Additionally, other factors that drive the ethanol market include the prices of ethanol, gasoline and corn. Lower gasoline prices and fewer aggregate miles, driven by increased automobile fuel efficiency and the expansion of electric vehicle use, may put pressure on ethanol prices that could result in reduced profitability and lower production for the ethanol industry. This could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and fertilizer demand. Additionally, government incentives and other policies and recent increased investment in renewable biodiesel and associated soybean crush capacity may drive higher soybean oil prices, resulting in more planted acres allocated to soybeans and other oil crops and displacing some acreage traditionally planted to more nitrogen intensive crops such as grains and cotton. Developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, or nitrogen-efficient varieties, or developments in alternatives to traditional animal feed or alternative proteins, could also reduce the use of nitrogen fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. Widespread adoption of emerging application technologies or alternative farming techniques could disrupt traditional application practices, affecting the volume or types of fertilizer products used and timing of applications. In addition, from time to time various foreign governments and U.S. state legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers due to concerns about the negative impact that the application of these products can have on the environment. For example, the United Kingdom implemented an assurance scheme in 2024 to limit the use of unprotected or uninhibited urea products between January and March of every year. While CF Fertilisers UK Limited does not sell solid urea fertilizer in the United Kingdom, limitations on fertilizer use have been and may be considered by other jurisdictions. In addition, Canada has announced a target of reducing emissions from fertilizers by 30% below 2020 levels by 2030 and is supporting implementation through improved nitrogen management and optimizing fertilizer use. These or other more stringent limitations on GHG emissions applicable to farmers, the end-users of our nitrogen fertilizers, could reduce the demand for our fertilizer products to the extent their use of our products increases farm-level emissions. Any reduction in the demand for our nitrogen fertilizer products, including as a result of technological developments or limitations on the use and application of nitrogen fertilizers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is dependent on natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility. Nitrogen from the atmosphere and hydrogen from natural gas, coal and other carbon energy feedstocks, or from the electrolysis of water, are the fundamental building blocks of nitrogen products. Energy feedstock costs comprise a significant portion of the total production cost of nitrogen products and, relative to the industry s marginal producers that set the global price of nitrogen, generally determine profitability for nitrogen producers. Our manufacturing processes utilize natural gas as the principal raw material used in our production of nitrogen products. We use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia, granular urea, UAN, AN and other nitrogen products. Most of our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Canada. As a result, North American natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our products. The price of natural gas in North America has historically been volatile. The price has declined on average due in part to the development of significant natural gas reserves, including shale gas, and the rapid improvement in shale gas extraction techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. However, shifts in the supply of and demand for natural gas due to market and regulatory changes can lead to extended periods of higher natural gas prices. In recent years, the cost of North American natural gas for the production of nitrogen fertilizers has been significantly lower than the cost of natural gas in other parts of the world where the industry s marginal nitrogen producers are located. Any increases in the volume of liquefied natural gas (LNG) exported from the United States to other regions or increases in natural gas development outside the United States, particularly in regions where nitrogen products are produced, could increase our natural gas costs and/or lower natural gas costs for our competitors. In recent years, U.S. LNG export capabilities have expanded, and U.S. LNG exports have increased, resulting in the United States becoming a leading exporter of LNG globally, with further expanded capabilities and export increases expected following the resumption of U.S. export permitting in 2025. If natural gas prices outside of North America were to decrease or North American natural gas prices were to increase, our favorable energy cost differentials relative to the industry s marginal nitrogen producers could significantly erode, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain of our operating facilities are located near natural gas hubs that have experienced increased natural gas development and have favorable price differences as compared to other North American hubs. Favorable price differences in certain regions may dissipate over time due to increases in natural gas pipeline or storage capacity in those regions. Additionally, price differentials may become materially unfavorable due to a lack of inbound gas pipeline or storage capacity in other regions during periods of unusually high demand. Increased demand for natural gas, particularly in the Gulf Coast 16 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Region, due to increased industrial demand and increased natural gas exports, could result in increased natural gas prices. If reduced production, increased demand or changes in price were to occur, or if other developments adversely impact the supply and demand balance for natural gas in North America or elsewhere, natural gas prices could rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations. Adverse weather conditions could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. Adverse weather conditions, which may be impacted by climate change, have in the past and may in the future have various negative impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Weather conditions that delay or disrupt field work during the planting, growing, harvesting or application periods may cause agricultural customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following application period, resulting in lower seasonal demand for our products. Adverse weather conditions during or following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. Weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which could lower the income of growers and impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. Adverse weather conditions could also impact transportation of fertilizer, which could disrupt our ability to deliver our products to customers on a timely basis. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in fertilizer applications, planting schedules and purchasing patterns. Over the longer term, changes in weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, which could require us to evolve our distribution system. In addition, we use the North American waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers. We also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deep-water docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites on the U.S. river system near the U.S. Gulf. Therefore, persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding, drought or climate change, for example) may require changes to our operating and distribution activities and/or significant capital improvements to our facilities. For example, recent low water levels on the U.S. river system and in the Panama Canal have delayed shipping in these locations, resulting in an increase in shipping costs. Weather conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, can also disrupt our operations and can affect the price of natural gas, the principal raw material used to make our nitrogen products. Colder and/or longer than normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand for natural gas for residential and industrial use and for power generation, which can increase the cost and/or decrease the availability of natural gas. In addition, adverse weather events, such as extreme cold temperatures, storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods, not only can cause loss of power or other impacts to our facilities or damage to or delays in logistics capabilities disrupting our operations, but also can impact the supply of natural gas and utilities and cause prices to rise. All of the adverse weather conditions described above, including those impacting our customers and our operations, such as the physical risk from storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, or floods could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change. Our Donaldsonville and Waggaman complexes are located in an area of the United States that experiences a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity and several of our complexes are located in areas that experience extreme weather events for which insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. In the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency and severity of adverse weather conditions, including in the geographic areas where we have operations. Any significant adverse weather event or combination of adverse weather events could decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. Our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in our having excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value. The fertilizer business is seasonal. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. The strongest demand for our products in North America occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. In contrast, we and other fertilizer producers generally manufacture and distribute products throughout the year. As a result, we and/or our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year to facilitate timely product availability during the peak demand periods. Seasonality is greatest for ammonia due to the short application seasons and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. The seasonality of fertilizer demand generally 17 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements to build inventory being the highest just prior to the start of the spring planting season. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that would need to be stored (in which case our results of operations would be negatively affected by any related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price could be below our production, procurement and storage costs). The risks associated with excess inventory and product shortages are exacerbated by the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices, the constraints of our storage capacity, and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can apply nitrogen fertilizers. If prices for our products rapidly decrease, we may be required to write-down the value of our inventory, adversely affecting our operating results. A change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis, or the percentage of our sales volume that is sold to our customers on a forward basis, could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and working capital and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We offer our customers the opportunity to purchase products from us on a forward basis at prices and delivery dates we propose. Under our forward sales programs, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment date. Our forward sales improve our liquidity by reducing our working capital needs due to the upfront cash payments received from customers and facilitate more efficient production planning and utilization of our manufacturing and distribution assets. Any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets as a current liability until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months. We believe the ability to purchase products on a forward basis is more appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. Our customers may be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or when there is an expectation of lower prices in the future. In addition, our customers may be unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis due to their limited capital resources. Fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment. In periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. Operational Risks Our operations are dependent upon raw materials and utilities provided by third parties, and any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities may adversely affect our business. We use raw materials, primarily natural gas, and utilities, such as electricity, in the manufacture of our nitrogen products. We purchase raw materials and utilities from third party suppliers. Our natural gas is transported by pipeline to our facilities by third party transportation providers or through the use of facilities owned by third parties, and certain of our plants are reliant on only one natural gas pipeline. Delays or interruptions in the delivery of raw materials and utilities may be caused by, among other things, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, insolvency of our suppliers or their inability to meet existing contractual arrangements, deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents, unplanned maintenance or mechanical failures. In addition, the transport of natural gas by pipeline is subject to additional risks, including delays or interruptions caused by capacity constraints, leaks or ruptures. Any delay or interruption in the delivery of raw materials or utilities, even for a limited period, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our transportation and distribution activities, including those related to carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) sequestration, rely on third party providers and are subject to environmental, safety and regulatory oversight. This exposes us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our operations and exposes us to additional liability. We rely on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas, the principal raw material used in our production process, to our manufacturing facilities. In addition, we rely on railroad, barge, truck, vessel and pipeline companies to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. We also lease rail cars in order to ship finished products. Further to our clean energy strategy, we recently launched low-carbon ammonia production at our Donaldsonville complex and have ongoing investments in our Yazoo City and Blue Point complexes. This production and these investments are dependent on our third-party providers, including their CO 2 pipelines and sequestration wells, for the transport and permanent sequestration of CO 2 . These transportation operations, equipment and services are subject to various hazards and other sources of disruption, including adverse operating conditions on the inland waterway system or on the seas with respect to 18 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. oceangoing vessels, adverse weather conditions, system failures, unscheduled downtime, labor difficulties or shortages, shutdowns, delays, accidents such as spills and derailments, vessel groundings and other accidents and operating hazards. The inability of our third-party providers to develop or operate CO 2 pipelines and sequestration wells would impact our ability to generate tax credits and recognize revenue for low-carbon ammonia sales. Additionally, due to the aging infrastructure of certain rail lines, bridges, roadways, pipelines, river locks, and equipment that our third-party service providers utilize, we may experience delays in both the receipt of raw materials or the shipment of finished product while repairs, maintenance or replacement activities are conducted. Also, certain third-party service providers, such as railroads, have from time to time experienced service delays or shutdowns due to capacity constraints in their systems, operational and maintenance difficulties, blockades, organized labor strikes, weather or safety-related embargoes and delays, and other events, which could impact the shipping of our products and cause disruption in our operations and supply chain. These transportation operations, equipment and services, including those related to CO 2 sequestration, are also subject to environmental, safety, and regulatory oversight. These operations are currently subject to stringent regulatory requirements due to concerns related to accidents, discharges or other releases of hazardous substances, terrorism, or the potential use of fertilizers as explosives. Governmental entities could implement new or more stringent regulatory requirements affecting the transportation of raw materials or finished products or affecting the transportation or sequestration of CO 2 . If shipping of our products is delayed or we are unable to obtain raw materials as a result of these transportation companies failure to operate properly, if new and more stringent regulatory requirements were implemented affecting transportation operations or equipment, or if there were significant increases in the cost of these services or equipment, our revenues and cost of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, increases in our transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the United States and Canada, the railroad industry continues various efforts to limit its potential liability with respect to transportation of toxic inhalation hazard materials, such as the ammonia we transport to and from our manufacturing and distribution facilities. For example, various railroads shift liability to shippers by contract, purport to shift liability to shippers by tariff, or otherwise seek to require shippers to indemnify and defend the railroads from and against liabilities (including in negligence, strict liability, or statutory liability) that may arise from certain acts or omissions of the railroads, third parties that may have insufficient resources, or the Company or from unknown causes or acts of god. These initiatives could materially and adversely affect our operating expenses and potentially our ability to transport ammonia, including the impact of potential rail mergers, which if approved, would reduce the number of Class I railroads available to transport ammonia. Additionally, the railroad initiatives could increase our liability for releases of our ammonia while in the care, custody and control of the railroads, third parties or us, for which our insurance may be insufficient or unavailable. New or more stringent regulatory requirements also could be implemented affecting the equipment used to ship our raw materials or finished products. Restrictions on service, increases in transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, and any railroad industry initiatives that may impact our ability to transport our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are reliant on a limited number of key facilities. Our nitrogen manufacturing facilities are located at nine separate nitrogen complexes, the largest of which is the Donaldsonville complex, which represented approximately 40% of our ammonia production capacity as of December 31, 2025. The suspension of operations at any of these complexes could adversely affect our ability to produce our products and fulfill our commitments and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Operational disruptions could occur for many reasons, including natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, unplanned maintenance and other manufacturing problems, such as mechanical failures, disease, strikes or other labor unrest or transportation interruptions. For example, our Donaldsonville and Waggaman complexes, and our under development Blue Point complex, are located in an area of the United States that experiences extreme weather events, including a relatively high level of hurricane or high wind activity, and several of our other complexes are also located in areas that experience extreme weather events. Extreme weather events, including temperature extremes, depending on their severity and location, have the potential not only to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, but also to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. Moreover, our facilities may be subject to failure of equipment that may be difficult to replace or have long delivery lead times, due in part to a limited number of suppliers, and could result in operational disruptions. Failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our information technology systems or those of third-party service providers or customers could negatively affect our business and operations. 19 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. We rely on internal and third-party information technology and computer control systems in many aspects of our business, including internal and external communications, the management of our accounting, financial and supply chain functions and plant operations, some of which are within our control and some of which are within the control of third parties, to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, implement and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, inaccurate financial reporting, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. In addition, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, business partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our information technology systems (and those of our business partners and other third-parties) have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyberattacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could: result in an operational interruption or failure at one or more sites; damage our operations; delay production and shipments; expose us to ransom payment, other demands, or paralyze our operations; result in the theft of our and our customers intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy or other laws, including for unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information, or increased costs for security and remediation; or raise concerns regarding our accounting for transactions. Each of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and our financial statements, some of which could be material. From time to time, we update, transition, acquire, or expand use of our and third-party information technology systems, which may result in additional vulnerability. Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, customers, and suppliers. The protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us, and we are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and safekeeping of personal information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and the subject of significant attention by regulators and private parties globally, with frequent imposition of new requirements and changes to existing requirements. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our employees, customers or suppliers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us or our employees, customers, suppliers or other individuals or entities affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. These events could damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. To date, we are not aware of any significant impact on our operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access or other types of cyberattacks could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Measures we implement in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks may not be successful, and we may fail to detect or remediate system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, theft, exfiltration, ransomware, cyberattacks, or other compromises of our systems. Any of these events could result in material financial, operational, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business. Acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism could negatively affect our business. Like other companies with major industrial facilities, we may be targets of terrorist activities. Generally, our plants and facilities store significant quantities of materials that can be dangerous if mishandled. Any damage to infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or injury to employees who could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism, may affect our operations. Any disruption of our ability to produce or distribute our products could result in a significant decrease in revenues and require significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Due to concerns related to terrorism, the toxic properties of ammonia, or the potential use of certain nitrogen products as explosives, we are subject to various security laws and regulations. U.S. security laws include the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 and the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (although this legislation is currently expired). Governmental entities could implement new or impose more stringent regulations affecting the security of our plants, terminals 20 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. and warehouses or the transportation and use of fertilizers and other nitrogen products. These regulations could result in higher operating costs or limitations on the sale of our products and could result in significant unanticipated costs, lower revenues and reduced profit margins. It is also possible that governmental entities in the United States or elsewhere could impose additional limitations on the use, sale or distribution of the specific nitrogen products that can be used as explosives, thereby limiting our ability to manufacture or sell those products, or exposing us to legal liability if our products were used illicitly. Our operations and the production and handling of our products involve significant risks and hazards. We are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business and as a result, may not be able to adequately cover our losses. Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in the manufacture, transportation, storage and distribution of chemical products, including ammonia, which is highly toxic and can be corrosive, and ammonium nitrate, which is explosive. These hazards include: explosions; fires; extreme weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving storage tanks, pipelines and rail cars; spills, discharges and releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; deliberate sabotage and terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled plant downtime; labor difficulties and other risks. Some of these hazards can cause bodily injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage and may result in suspension of operations for an extended period of time and/or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities. Our exposure to these risks and hazards is exemplified by a fire and explosion that occurred at a fertilizer storage and distribution facility in West, Texas, in 2013. The fire and explosion resulted in 15 fatalities and claims of injuries to approximately 200 people, and damaged or destroyed a number of homes and buildings around the facility. We did not own or operate the facility or directly sell our products to the facility, but products that we manufactured and sold to others were delivered to the facility and may have been stored at the facility at the time of the incident. We were named as defendants along with other companies in lawsuits, in which the claims against us have since been resolved, alleging various theories of negligence, strict liability, and breach of warranty in connection with the incident. We maintain property, business interruption, casualty and liability insurance policies, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business, and certain hazards and risks associated with our operations may not be insurable. If we were to incur significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to various self-insured retentions, deductibles and limits under these insurance policies. The policies also contain exclusions and conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our ability to receive indemnification thereunder. Our policies are generally renewed annually. As a result of market conditions, our premiums, self-insured retentions and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. In addition, significantly increased costs could lead us to decide to reduce, or possibly eliminate, coverage. We may be unable to buy and maintain insurance with adequate limits and reasonable pricing terms and conditions. Our international operations and business activities expose us to risks that could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our international business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; unexpected or conflicting changes in regulatory environments; currency fluctuations; tax rates that may exceed those in the United States; earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements; and changes in global trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs, embargoes, exchange controls or other restrictions. Changes in global trade policies can lead to the imposition of new taxes, levies, duties, tariffs or quotas affecting agricultural commodities, fertilizer or industrial products. These can alter or impact costs, trade flows, demand for our products, access to raw materials, capital equipment, and other supplies, and regional supply and demand balances for our products. Changes to tariffs on imports into the United States, retaliatory tariffs on U.S. exports, and potential renegotiation of trade deals may impact our existing operations or our planned strategic ventures and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our principal reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and our business operations and investments outside the United States increase our risk related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The main currencies to which we are exposed, besides the U.S. dollar, are the Canadian dollar, the British pound and the euro. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. We may selectively reduce some foreign currency exchange rate risk by, among other things, requiring contracted purchases of our products to be settled in, or indexed to, the U.S. dollar or a 21 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. currency freely convertible into U.S. dollars, or hedging through foreign currency derivatives. These efforts, however, may not be effective and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations and economic sanctions programs in various jurisdictions, including the following: U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act; regulations under the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010; and economic sanctions programs administered by the United Nations, the EU and the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. As a result of doing business internationally, we are exposed to risks of violating anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations applicable in those countries where we, our partners or our agents operate. Violations of anti-corruption and sanctions laws and regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts (and termination of existing contracts) and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. The violation of applicable laws by our employees, consultants, agents or partners could subject us to penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also subject to antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions. We cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will change over time. Changes in antitrust laws globally, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may limit our existing or future operations and growth. Further, we are subject to continually evolving GHG regulations and other environmental laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. Changes in these regulations in any jurisdiction to which we are subject, or in their interpretation, administration or enforcement, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and may increase costs associated with compliance, particularly in the event of a cross-jurisdictional conflict. The occurrence of any one or more of these factors could increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. Financial Risks Our indebtedness could adversely affect our cash flow, prevent us from fulfilling our obligations and impair our ability to pursue or achieve other business objectives. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $3.25 billion of total funded indebtedness, consisting solely of unsecured senior notes with varying maturity dates between 2034 and 2044, or approximately 29% of our total capitalization (total debt plus total equity), and an additional $750 million of unsecured senior borrowing availability (reflecting no outstanding borrowings and no outstanding letters of credit) for general corporate purposes under our revolving credit agreement. Our debt service obligations will impact our earnings and cash flow as long as the indebtedness is outstanding. Our indebtedness could, as a result of our debt service obligations or through the operation of the financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under the agreements and instruments governing that indebtedness and otherwise, have important consequences. For example, it could: make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues could cause us not to have sufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled debt payments; cause us to be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; cause us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service, reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital and capital expenditures, and other business activities; cause us to be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; expose us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, could be at variable rates of interest; make us more leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage; restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or to repurchase shares of our common stock; limit our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; and result in our credit ratings being downgraded, which could increase the cost of further borrowings. We consider options to refinance our outstanding indebtedness from time to time. Our ability to obtain any financing, whether through the issuance of new debt securities or otherwise, and the terms of any such financing are dependent on, among other things, our financial condition, financial market conditions within our industry and generally, interest rate fluctuations, credit ratings and numerous other factors, including factors beyond our control. Consequently, in the event that we need to 22 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. access the credit markets, including to refinance our debt, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable timeframe, if at all. An inability to obtain financing with acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The terms of our existing indebtedness allow us to incur significant additional debt. If we incur additional indebtedness, the risks that we face as a result of our leverage could intensify. If our financial condition or operating results deteriorate, our relations with our creditors, including the holders of our outstanding debt securities, the lenders under our revolving credit agreement and our suppliers, may be materially and adversely affected. Tax matters, including changes in tax laws or rates, adverse determinations by taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to taxes in the United States, where most of our operations are located, and in several foreign jurisdictions where our subsidiaries are organized or conduct business. Tax laws or rates, including tax credits relating to decarbonization projects, in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may be subject to significant change. Our future effective tax rate could also be affected by changes in our mix of earnings from jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates and tax systems, changes in valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 expanded production tax credits for carbon sequestration and introduced clean hydrogen production tax credits. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act, enacted in July 2025, further modified carbon sequestration tax credits and limited the duration of the clean hydrogen production tax credits. Further changes to the underlying legislation or the final guidance issued may impact our ability to receive anticipated tax credits for our low-carbon ammonia projects. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other taxing authorities in jurisdictions where we conduct business. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. There can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have used the cash we generate outside the United States primarily to fund development of our business in non-U.S. jurisdictions. If the funds generated by our U.S. business are not sufficient to meet our need for cash in the United States or if cash generated outside the United States exceeds the needs of such non-U.S. operations, we may repatriate a portion of our future international earnings to the United States. Under the tax laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, those international earnings could be subject to withholding taxes when repatriated; therefore, the repatriation of those earnings could result in an increase in our worldwide effective tax rate and an increase in our use of cash to pay these taxes. We also need to comply with other new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. The enactment of, or increases in, carbon taxes or value added taxes, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to risks involving derivatives and the risk that our hedging activities might not prevent losses. From time to time, we use natural gas derivatives to hedge our financial exposure to the price volatility of natural gas, the principal raw material we use in the production of nitrogen-based products. We may use natural gas futures, swaps and option contracts traded in over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. From time to time, we may also use fixed-price, physical purchase and sales contracts to hedge our exposure to natural gas price volatility. To manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we may from time to time use foreign currency derivatives (primarily forward exchange contracts). Our use of derivatives can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives that do not qualify for, or to which we do not apply, hedge accounting. To the extent that our derivative positions lose value, we may be required to post collateral with our counterparties, adversely affecting our liquidity. Hedging arrangements are imperfect and unhedged risks will always exist. In addition, our hedging activities may themselves give rise to various risks that could adversely affect us. For example, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk when our derivatives are in a net asset position. The counterparties to our derivatives are multi-national commercial banks, major financial institutions or large energy companies. Our liquidity could be negatively impacted by a counterparty default on settlement of one or more of our derivative financial instruments or by the triggering of any cross-default provisions or credit support requirements against us. 23 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. Additionally, the International Swaps and Derivative Association master netting arrangements for most of our derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features, such as cross-default provisions and credit support requirements. In the event of certain defaults or a credit ratings downgrade, our counterparty may request early termination and net settlement of certain derivative trades or may require us to collateralize derivatives in a net liability position. At other times we may not utilize derivatives or derivative strategies to hedge certain risks or to reduce the financial exposure of price volatility. As a result, we may not prevent certain material adverse impacts that could have been mitigated through the use of derivative strategies. Environmental and Regulatory Risks We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, as well as potential environmental liabilities, which may require us to make substantial expenditures or modify business plans. We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Trinidad and other locations, including laws and regulations relating to the generation, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes; the introduction of new chemicals or substances into a market; the cleanup of hazardous substance releases; the discharge of regulated substances to land, air or water; and the demolition and cleanup of plant sites upon permanent closure. The laws and regulations across jurisdictions are increasingly complex and sometimes conflicting. Relevant U.S. laws include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), and the Toxic Substances Control Act. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 reinstated and doubled the Superfund tax on chemicals, including ammonia and nitric acid. These taxes run through December 31, 2031 and apply to the domestic production and import of ammonia and nitric acid products, except to the extent such products are used in fertilizer or animal feed, used as fuel or exported. As a producer of nitrogen products working with hazardous substances, our business faces risks of spills, discharges or other releases of those substances into the environment. Certain environmental laws, including CERCLA, impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for cleanup costs on persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment or who own or operate property where hazardous substances have been released or disposed of by other parties. Given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are incurring currently, and are likely to incur periodically in the future, liabilities under CERCLA and other environmental cleanup laws at our current facilities or facilities previously owned or operated by us or other acquired businesses, adjacent or nearby third-party facilities or offsite disposal locations. Because liability under CERCLA, and various U.S. state analogues, can be joint and several, a party may be required to bear more than its proportional share of cleanup costs at a site where it has liability if payments cannot be obtained from other responsible parties. The costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may be required to conduct or finance may be material. Additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous substances into the environment. Violations of environmental, health and safety laws can result in substantial penalties, court or administrative orders to undertake capital improvements, such as installing pollution-control equipment, civil and criminal sanctions, permit revocations, and facility shutdowns. Environmental, health and safety laws change regularly and could become more stringent over time. As a result, we have not always been and may not always be in full compliance with all environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We may be subject to more stringent enforcement of existing or new environmental, health and safety laws in the future. Future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or reinterpretation of or changes to current laws and regulations may require us to make substantial expenditures or modify business plans. The extent and nature of existing, proposed and future environmental, health and safety regulations are increasingly uncertain in light of recent U.S. Supreme Court decisions, including Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo , that limit deference to regulatory agencies in the context of certain regulatory decisions. Our costs to comply with, or any liabilities under, these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. From time to time, our production, distribution or storage of ammonia and other hazardous or regulated substances has resulted in accidental releases that have temporarily disrupted our operations and/or resulted in liability for administrative penalties, cleanup costs, and/or claims for personal injury. To date, our costs to resolve these liabilities have not been material. However, we could incur significant costs if we experience a significant accidental release and our liability coverage is not sufficient to pay for all or a large part of any judgments against us, or if our insurance carrier refuses coverage for these losses. We hold numerous environmental and other governmental permits and approvals authorizing our facility operations. Expansion or modification of our operations or development of new operations is predicated upon securing necessary environmental or other permits or approvals, and in some cases, the ability of our partners, lessors and other third-party providers, as applicable, to secure such permits or approvals. More stringent environmental, health and safety laws and 24 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. regulations, a reinterpretation of or changes to current laws and regulations, or community or interest group opposition to permits and approvals could make it more difficult to obtain or renew necessary governmental permits or approvals. Further, a focus on local and community effects of industrial operations, including chemical plants, pipelines and carbon sequestration wells, could impact issuances of new or renewal of existing permits. A government agency s denial of or delay in issuing a new or renewed regulatory permit or approval, or revocation or substantial modification of an existing permit or approval, a legal challenge to our permits, or a determination that we have violated a law or permit could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue facility operations and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Regulatory or legislative provisions related to GHG emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate or conduct business could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our production facilities emit GHGs, such as CO 2 and nitrous oxide. The primary raw material used in our production process is natural gas, which releases methane when extracted from the earth and when transported. Conventional ammonia production is considered an emissions- and energy-intensive industry because it generates CO 2 as an unavoidable chemical byproduct. We are subject to GHG regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, the European Union and the United States. In the United States, our existing facilities, which are considered large emitters of GHGs, currently are only subject to GHG emissions reporting obligations, which the current U.S. presidential administration has proposed to eliminate. In certain jurisdictions, new facilities that we build, or existing facilities that we modify in the future, could also be subject to GHG emissions standards included in their air permits. Concern over the effects of climate change has driven many countries to establish ever more ambitious GHG reduction targets and initiatives to achieve them. These targets and initiatives are subject to significant change based on political leadership that could impact our business. The U.S. government has made, proposed, and may propose further, policy, regulatory and enforcement changes that may result in the narrowing and/or repeal of environmental and climate change-related laws, regulations, commitments and implementation thereof. These changes, and any administrative and judicial challenges to them or further changes by future administrations, create uncertainty for our business. For example, adoption of a proposed rule to repeal the GHG emissions reporting obligations for most source categories, without changes to the IRS guidance on the process for documenting clean energy tax credits, may delay or eliminate our ability to realize anticipated tax credits or limit our low-carbon ammonia export opportunities. Any changes to clean energy tax credit programs utilized by us may impact our ability to receive anticipated tax credits for our low-carbon ammonia projects, which, in turn, could negatively affect the profitability of these projects. Moreover, lowering of GHG reduction targets and the efforts to achieve them, in or outside the United States, may prevent or significantly reduce the development of demand for our low-carbon ammonia products. Canadian regulations impose a price on excess GHG emissions. These regulations price carbon dioxide equivalent (CO 2 e) emissions standards of our Canadian facilities based on emissions per unit of production. If CO 2 e emissions exceed the applicable standards, the excess emissions must be offset, by obtaining qualifying credits or offsets or paying a direct emissions charge per metric ton, with the regulated price to increase annually through 2030. Those regulations are being reviewed at the federal and provincial levels in 2026, which could result in an increase in the costs our Canadian facilities incur. Beginning on January 1, 2026, importers of nitrogen fertilizer products into the EU became subject to its carbon border adjustment mechanism (CBAM) and will be required to purchase certificates in 2027 reflecting the direct and indirect carbon emissions embedded in covered imports. While some EU member state officials, including from France and Italy, are advocating that the EU Commission temporarily suspend the application of the CBAM to fertilizers, or for fertilizers to be wholly excluded from it, the EU has not yet adopted an exemption process, and it remains unclear whether such efforts will be successful. Other governments are also considering border taxes for carbon-intensive products, including the United Kingdom, which is introducing a carbon border adjustment mechanism currently expected to apply from January 1, 2027. The imposition of border taxes, the details of their implementation and uncertainty arising from suspensions of or exemptions to them may impact the development of a market for low-carbon ammonia, investments in low-carbon ammonia, including our returns on such investments, and trade flows, which could adversely impact our business. More stringent GHG regulations, if enacted, are likely to have a significant impact on us, because our production facilities emit GHGs such as CO 2 and nitrous oxide and because natural gas is the primary raw material used in our production process. GHG regulations may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase operating costs, reduce efficiency, limit output, require capital improvements to our facilities, increase costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes could also be made to tax or other regulatory policies related to decarbonization, electricity generation or clean energy that could impact our business and investment decisions. To the extent that GHG restrictions are not imposed in countries where our competitors operate, or on competing products, or are less stringent than regulations that are or may be imposed on us or our products, our competitors may have cost or other competitive advantages over us. 25 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. In addition to regulations concerning the emission of GHGs, many jurisdictions have implemented or are considering regulations requiring the disclosure of certain climate and other sustainability information, including related to companies efforts to reduce GHG emissions, impacts on the environment and risks associated with climate change, as well as regulations concerning environmental claims (such as the UK Green Claims Code and EU Empowering Consumers Directive 2024/825), breaches of which may result in significant financial penalties. Such requirements could inform future regulatory or enforcement action or influence demand for our products in a manner that could negatively impact us. Strategic Risks The market for low-carbon ammonia may be slow to develop, may not develop to the size expected or may not develop at all. Moreover, we may not be successful in the development and implementation of our low-carbon ammonia projects in a timely or economic manner, or at all, due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in our clean energy strategy (including our low-carbon ammonia projects) that may not create any or our expected value of such investments if demand for low-carbon ammonia does not develop and mature to the size and at the rate we expect. Demand for low-carbon ammonia is dependent in part on the developing market for low-carbon hydrogen, for which ammonia can serve as a transport and storage mechanism. These markets are heavily influenced by demand for clean energy, technology evolution and federal, state and local government laws, regulations and policies concerning GHG emissions, renewable electricity, clean energy, and corporate accountability in the United States and abroad. These factors may also affect the market criteria for low-carbon ammonia, including the degree of reduction of direct GHG emissions and the requirements of renewable electricity. We believe the demand for low-carbon ammonia could take several years to materialize and then ten or more years to fully develop and mature, and we cannot be certain that this demand or the demand for low-carbon hydrogen will grow to the size or at the rate we expect or at all. In 2025, hydrogen was estimated to account for approximately 2% of global energy needs. The recognition and acceptance of low-carbon ammonia as a transport and storage mechanism for low-carbon hydrogen, the use of low-carbon ammonia as a fuel in its own right, the use of low-carbon ammonia as a fertilizer, and the development and growth of end market demand and applications for low-carbon hydrogen and low-carbon ammonia are uncertain and dependent on a number of factors outside of our control. These factors include the extent to which and rate at which cost competitive renewable energy capacity increases, the pricing of traditional and alternative sources of energy, the realization of technological improvements required to increase the efficiency and lower the costs of production of low-carbon ammonia, the uncertainty of changes in regulatory environments, the rate and extent of infrastructure investment and development which may be affected by the relevant parties ability to obtain permits for these investments, the availability of tax benefits and other incentives, the implementation of policy in jurisdictions providing economic support for or otherwise mandating decarbonization and our ability to provide low-carbon ammonia offerings cost-effectively. In addition, further development of alternative decarbonization technologies may result in viable alternatives to the use of low-carbon ammonia for many potential decarbonization applications, resulting in lower-than-expected market demand growth relative to our current expectations. If a sustainable market for low-carbon ammonia or hydrogen fails to develop, develops more slowly than we anticipate, or develops in a way that is not viable to serve with our assets and capabilities, we may decide not to implement, or may not be successful in implementing, one or more elements of our multi-year strategic plan or may have committed to investments involving substantial capital expenditures which might not yield returns required to justify such investments. Our clean energy strategy also depends on the realization of certain technical improvements required to increase the efficiency and lower the costs of production of low-carbon ammonia. Over time, as we seek to convert additional existing facilities to low-carbon production and further expand our low-carbon ammonia production capacity, we may face operational difficulties and execution risks related to the design, development and construction work to do so. If our assumptions about the engineering and project execution requirements necessary to successfully build or convert the facility capacity that we are contemplating and to scale up to larger production quantities prove to be incorrect, we may be unable to produce substantial quantities of low-carbon ammonia, and the cost to construct such low-carbon ammonia facilities, or the production costs associated with the operation of such facilities, may be higher than we project. The production of low-carbon ammonia depends to a large extent upon the ability of third parties to develop Class VI carbon sequestration wells and CO 2 transportation pipelines, which currently do not exist at large scale and are subject to a permitting process and operational risks, which may result in delays, impact viability in some or all situations, or create long-term liabilities. For example in October 2025, Louisiana s government established new permitting criteria and policy guidance for the state s Class VI underground injection control program for carbon sequestration, including emphasizing public engagement, economic development, and local community investment, and imposed an indefinite moratorium on all new applications for Class VI underground injection wells while the state works through pending applications. Recently, many proposed low-carbon ammonia projects have been announced or considered, and future hydrogen, energy, or environmental/carbon policies may support development of additional nitrogen production outside North America. In the 26 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. event that the growth in supply of low-carbon ammonia and low-carbon hydrogen exceeds the growth in demand for those products, the resulting unfavorable supply and demand balance could lead to lower selling prices than we expect for many of our products, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Demand for low-carbon ammonia and other nitrogen fertilizers is also incentivized by the availability of environmental attribute credit and incentive programs, including tax credits. There is no assurance that programs providing credits and incentives for production of environmental attributes and markets for them will continue to be available or exist. With respect to the voluntary trade of environmental attributes, there is a risk that purchasers may elect to cease such purchases for various reasons that are inherent to their business plans, or because of changing economic, political contexts or other conditions that cannot be controlled by us, including shifting preferences for types of environmental attributes. The pricing and value of certain environmental attributes is also difficult to determine and may fluctuate. Several factors may affect the price of environmental attributes that are beyond our control, including but not limited to, the underlying markets and legislative and regulatory changes, including the level of commitment to the goals of multinational climate commitments by both governments and corporations and other private and public initiatives aimed at measuring, accounting and reducing GHG emissions, and the Company s and its partners technologies to reduce carbon intensity. If we fail to successfully enter into or close collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships or acquisitions, or successfully manage such transactions, it could adversely affect our business and growth opportunities. From time to time, we consider possible expansions of our business, both within the United States and elsewhere. Major investments in our business, including acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments, such as our low-carbon ammonia projects, require significant managerial resources, the diversion of which from our other activities or opportunities may negatively affect the existing operations of our business. We may be unable to identify or successfully compete for certain acquisition targets, which may hinder or prevent us from acquiring a target or completing other transactions. The risks of any expansion of our business through investments, acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or business combination transactions may increase due to the significant capital and other resources that we may have to commit to any such expansion, which may not be recoverable if the expansion initiative to which they were devoted is ultimately not implemented. In addition, these efforts may require capital resources that could otherwise be used for the improvement and expansion of our existing business. As a result of these and other factors, including general economic risk, we may not be able to realize our projected returns or other expected benefits from acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments. Among the risks associated with the pursuit and consummation of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or other major investments or business combinations are those involving: difficulties in integrating the parties operations, systems, technologies, products, cultures, and personnel; incurrence of significant transaction-related expenses; potential integration or restructuring costs; potential impairment charges related to the goodwill, intangible assets or other assets to which any such transaction relates, in the event that the economic benefits of such transaction prove to be less than anticipated; other unanticipated costs associated with such transactions; our ability to achieve operating and financial efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; our ability to obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from any such transaction; the parties ability to retain key business relationships, including with employees, customers, partners and suppliers; potential loss of key personnel; entry into markets or involvement with products with which we have limited current or prior experience or in which competitors may have stronger positions; assumption of contingent liabilities, including litigation; exposure to unanticipated liabilities, including litigation; differences in the parties internal control environments, which may require significant time and resources to resolve in conformity with applicable legal and accounting standards; increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; the tax effects of any such transaction; and the potential for costly and time-consuming litigation, including stockholder lawsuits. International acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, investments or business combinations and other international expansions of our business involve additional risks and uncertainties, including the impact of tariffs on the import of industrial goods and the export of nitrogen products, exchange controls or other restrictions, nationalization of properties by foreign governments and difficulties and costs of complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations. We have and may enter into joint ventures to invest in our business. For example, in 2025, we entered into a joint venture with two Japanese partners to build a greenfield plant to produce low-carbon ammonia. This joint venture and other similar 27 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. arrangements we may enter into may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including the ability of us and our strategic partners to cooperate, us and our strategic partners having inconsistent interests or goals, ours and our partners ability to realize tax, financial and other programs incentivizing low-carbon production, and the potential that our strategic partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their financial or other obligations to the joint venture, which may negatively impact the expected benefits of the joint venture and cause us to incur additional expense or suffer reputational damage. In addition, due to the nature of these arrangements, we may have limited ability to direct or influence the management of the joint venture, which may limit our ability to assist and oversee the design and implementation of the joint venture s business as well as its accounting, legal, governance, human resources, information technology, and other administrative systems. This may expose us to additional risks and uncertainties because we may be dependent upon and subject to liability, losses, or reputational damage relating to systems, controls, and personnel that are not under our control. These risks may be exacerbated when the joint venture is operating outside the United States due to geopolitical and political uncertainty and differences in language, culture, and regulation, as well as the factors listed above that are relevant to our international operations. Moreover, legal proceedings or other risks from acquisitions and other business combinations may arise years after a transaction has been completed and may involve matters unrelated to the business acquired. For example, in 2022, we were named along with other parties in certain product liability actions relating to a product containing the herbicide paraquat, which was allegedly sold, manufactured, distributed and/or marketed by Terra Industries Inc. (Terra) before it exited such lines of business, which exit occurred more than ten years before CF Holdings acquired Terra in April 2010. Further, our major capital projects depend on the availability and performance of engineering firms, construction firms, equipment and material suppliers, transportation providers and other vendors necessary to design and implement those projects on a timely basis and on acceptable terms. Our major capital projects are subject to a number of risks, any of which could prevent us from completing such projects in a timely or economic manner or at all, including, cost overruns, non-performance of third parties, slowdowns or other delays in contemplated construction timelines, modularization of certain components, the inability to obtain necessary permits or other permitting matters, adverse weather, defects in materials and workmanship, labor and raw material shortages, transportation constraints, changes to international trade-related policy, engineering and construction change orders, errors in design, construction or start-up, and other unforeseen difficulties. If we finance acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, business combination transactions or other major investments by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted or we could face constraints under the terms of, and as a result of the repayment and debt-service obligations under, the additional indebtedness. A business combination transaction with another company could result in our stockholders receiving cash or shares of another entity on terms that such stockholders may not consider desirable. Further, regulatory approvals associated with a business combination may result in divestitures or other changes to our business, the effects of which are difficult to predict. Failure of technologies to perform, develop or be available as expected could adversely affect our ability to produce low-carbon ammonia and our financial results or reputation. We may implement technologies, which are beyond our experience base, in the ammonia production process at designs and at scales beyond what has been successfully done previously. Adapting these technologies for new applications can create nontraditional performance risks to our operations. For example, we are developing at our Blue Point complex a low-carbon ammonia plant using autothermal reforming (ATR) with CCS. While ATR s are widely used today for hydrogen and synthesis gas production, they have not been widely used for ammonia production and not at the scale contemplated for the low-carbon ammonia plant we are developing at our Blue Point complex. Even with extensive preparation and diligence when investing in new technologies, new operational challenges may arise in introducing ATR technology and a failure of CCS technology to successfully capture, transport and sequester CO 2 would inhibit our ability to produce, certify and market low-carbon ammonia. Failure of our and our business partners technologies to work as predicted, or unintended consequences of new designs or uses, could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. We may face difficulties marketing products produced using new technologies including, but not limited to, low-carbon ammonia, which may adversely impact our sales and financial results. In addition, certain large-scale projects may contain processes or technologies that we have not operated at the same scale or in the same combination, and although such projects generally include technologies and processes that have been demonstrated previously by others, such technologies or processes may be new to us and may introduce new risks to our operations. Additionally, there is a risk that our and our business partners new technologies may fail to deliver expected benefits, become obsolete or be replaced by other market alternatives. Performance difficulties on these larger projects may have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. In addition, performance challenges may adversely affect our reputation and our ability to obtain future contracts. Further, CCS providers and carbon transporters may experience increased demand for their services which may limit availability and increase costs for these services, which may adversely affect our ability to continue deployment of CCS for our low-carbon ammonia projects. 28 Table of Contents CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS From time to time, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as in other written reports and oral statements, we make forward-looking statements that are not statements of historical fact and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements may also relate to our prospects, future developments and business strategies. We use the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, will or would and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries and markets in which we operate and management s beliefs and assumptions concerning future events affecting us. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Therefore, our actual results may differ materially from what is expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this document. Additionally, we do not undertake any responsibility to provide updates regarding the occurrence of any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this document. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such factors include, among others: our ability to complete the projects at our Blue Point complex, including the construction of a low-carbon ammonia production facility with our joint venture partners and scalable infrastructure on schedule and on budget or at all; our ability to fund the capital expenditure needs related to the joint venture at our Blue Point complex, which may exceed our current estimates; the cyclical nature of our business and the impact of global supply and demand on our selling prices and operating results; the global commodity nature of our nitrogen products, the conditions in the global market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other producers; announced or future tariffs, retaliatory measures, and global trade relations, including the potential impact of tariffs and retaliatory measures on the price and availability of materials for our capital projects and maintenance; conditions in the United States, Europe and other ag