=== MSCI_2026-03-11.htm.gz ===
msci-20260310 0001408198 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001408198 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001408198 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001408198 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001408198 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001408198 msci:LessStockAwardValueReportedInSummaryCompensationTableForTheCoveredYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:LessStockAwardValueReportedInSummaryCompensationTableForTheCoveredYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:PlusFairValueOfOutstandingUnvestedAwardsGrantedInTheCoveredYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:PlusFairValueOfOutstandingUnvestedAwardsGrantedInTheCoveredYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:ChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingUnvestedAwardsFromPriorYearsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:ChangeInFairValueOfOutstandingUnvestedAwardsFromPriorYearsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:ChangeInFairValueOfAwardsFromPriorYearsThatVestedInTheCoveredYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:ChangeInFairValueOfAwardsFromPriorYearsThatVestedInTheCoveredYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:LessFairValueAsOfEndOfPriorFiscalYearOfAwardsForfeitedDuringTheCoveredYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:LessFairValueAsOfEndOfPriorFiscalYearOfAwardsForfeitedDuringTheCoveredYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:PlusFairValueOfIncrementalDividendsOrEarningsPaidOnStockAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 msci:PlusFairValueOfIncrementalDividendsOrEarningsPaidOnStockAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001408198 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 MSCI INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Letter From Our Chairman and CEO Dear fellow shareholders, Thank you for your continued trust and confidence in MSCI. In 2025, we delivered another year of strong performance while making important investments in the future of our business. Our results reflect the durability of our franchise, the mission-critical nature of our solutions and the dedication of our people. Delivering Results In 2025, MSCI achieved its 11th consecutive year of double-digit adjusted earnings-per-share growth. Total run rate surpassed $3.3 billion, including fourth-quarter recurring net-new subscription sales of $65 million, our second-best quarter on record. Record annual inflows of $204 billion into ETFs linked to MSCI equity indexes helped drive total ETF and non-ETF assets under management linked to our indexes to approximately $7 trillion. In 2025, we also returned substantial capital to shareholders through $2.4 billion in share repurchases and $557 million in dividends during the year. Accelerating Innovation The pace of product innovation across MSCI accelerated meaningfully in 2025, with contribution to recurring sales from recently introduced products increasing approximately 20% year-over-year. A key driver of this momentum has been our deployment of artificial intelligence ( AI ) across the business, an area where MSCI has a natural advantage, given the large volumes of data we collect and transform into unique, proprietary institutional-grade datasets, advanced models and mission-critical solutions. In 2025, we made meaningful progress deploying AI across our operations, our product development and our client-facing solutions. Our AI Portfolio Insights platform combines generative AI with our datasets and risk models to deliver deeper analysis of client portfolios, and has contributed to sales growth in our Analytics solutions. Our GeoSpatial Asset Intelligence solution helps clients assess physical and nature-based risks across nearly 4 million locations for 700,000 public and private companies. We are also applying AI to accelerate our custom-index capabilities, enabling faster design, testing and deployment of customized index and basket solutions. Internally, AI is helping us improve operational processes and reallocate resources toward growth investments. We believe these benefits can grow over time and further enhance the value of our solutions. Building in Private Markets and Wealth Private markets continued to represent a meaningful growth opportunity, and MSCI has invested in building the transparency tools and standards that this expanding asset class requires. We maintain one of the largest private-asset databases in our industry, covering more than $17 trillion in holdings across private equity, private real estate, private debt, infrastructure and natural resources, plus another $57 trillion in real-estate transactions and portfolio assets. Our Private Capital Solutions business delivered significant sales acceleration in the fourth quarter of 2025, driven by demand for solutions that help investors manage total-portfolio allocations, access private-capital intelligence and gain transparency into private-market holdings. We also continued to expand our presence in wealth management, one of our fastest-growing client segments, where subscription run rate grew nearly 11% during the year. Our MSCI Wealth Manager platform and direct-indexing solutions are helping wealth managers build portfolios, and we see growing opportunities to deliver content across product lines to support this client segment. Deepening Client Centricity We have long believed that our success depends on how well we understand and serve our clients. The investment industry is navigating a period of significant change driven by advanced technologies, alternative asset classes and emerging risks and opportunities and our clients rely on MSCI to help them adapt. In 2025, we took steps to align our organizational structure more closely with client segments including appointing client segment leaders, establishing client-focused quarterly business reviews and redesigning incentive structures to place greater emphasis on recurring sales and cross-functional collaboration. These changes are intended to help us meet clients where they are, anticipate their evolving needs and deliver integrated solutions that address their most important challenges. MSCI has long benefited from two reinforcing strengths. First, we connect participants across the global investment community by establishing standards and a common language. Second, our integrated OneMSCI ecosystem generates powerful network effects by enabling our product lines to enhance one another. By organizing more closely around client needs, we aim to further strengthen both of these advantages. Recognizing Baer Pettit I want to take a moment to recognize C.D. Baer Pettit, who retired from MSCI and our Board of Directors at the end of February, after more than 25 years of service. Baer has been my closest business partner and friend throughout MSCI s growth. When he joined us in January 2000, we were primarily an equity-index company serving active asset managers. At every important juncture since, Baer has helped us anticipate and capture the next phase of our development. His leadership across our Coverage, Marketing, Index and Product functions, and his service as Chief Operating Officer, President and Board member, have left an enduring mark on this company. Baer played a central role in expanding our product lines and deepening our integration across business areas. His focus on data quality, client service and competitive differentiation helped build the franchise we have today. Baer s intellect, integrity and sense of humor earned him the deep respect and affection of colleagues and clients around the world. He will remain with us in an advisory capacity for a period to support the transition. On behalf of the MSCI team, I thank him for his contributions and wish him and his family every happiness. Strengthening Leadership To support our continued development, we appointed Alvise Munari as Head of Client Segments in addition to his role as Chief Product Officer, and Jorge Mina as Chief Operating Officer with responsibility for chairing our AI Transformation Center of Excellence. These appointments are part of a broader effort to build a more client-focused and integrated organizational structure. We Ask for Your Support Your vote is very important to us. We encourage you to read both our Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K in their entirety, and we ask that you support our recommendations. We remain focused on serving our clients and delivering long-term value for our shareholders. Sincerely, Henry A. Fernandez Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Shareholder March 11, 2026 (1) Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP Metric. See Annex B for definitions and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Letter From Our Independent Lead Director Dear fellow shareholders, The independent directors of MSCI and I join Henry in inviting you to attend our Company s 2026 Annual Meeting. It is a privilege to continue to serve as your Independent Lead Director, and I appreciate this opportunity to update you on the Board s priorities and work over the past year. A Board Built for This Moment The investment industry is in the midst of a profound transformation. AI is reshaping how data is collected, analyzed and delivered. Private markets continue to grow in scale and complexity. Clients are demanding more personalized, integrated solutions that span asset classes and investment strategies. In this environment, the quality and composition of a company s board of directors matter more than ever. I am proud of the Board we have built at MSCI. Our directors bring a distinctive combination of deep investment industry expertise, technology leadership, operational experience and strategic vision that is calibrated to oversee a company operating at the intersection of data, technology and the global capital markets. The composition of the MSCI Board is the product of years of thoughtful refreshment designed to ensure that the skills in the boardroom evolve in step with MSCI s strategy and the broader industry landscape. Our Board includes former CEOs and senior leaders of major asset management firms who understand firsthand how investors use MSCI s tools to build portfolios and manage risk. Alongside this investment expertise, we have technology leaders who have built and scaled enterprise platforms, led AI and cloud computing innovation at some of the world s most important technology companies, and guided organizations through large-scale transformations. This pairing of investment acumen, technology depth and strategic insight gives our Board a unique perspective as MSCI continues to develop and deliver critical tools, data and solutions for the global investment community. Governance, Culture and Oversight The strength of a board is measured not only by the credentials of its members, but by the culture in which they operate. At MSCI, we have cultivated a boardroom culture defined by open dialogue, intellectual rigor, constructive challenge and genuine collegiality. Our directors engage with each other and with management with candor and directness, asking thoughtful questions and examining assumptions. We see ourselves as active, engaged fiduciaries whose fundamental responsibility is to represent the interests of MSCI s shareholders. We work alongside management, while maintaining our independence, to provide informed perspective on strategic choices and ensure that the decisions being made today support durable, long-term value creation for the people we serve our shareholders. We work closely with management to evaluate strategic priorities, assess competitive dynamics and review product development and go-to-market strategies. We dedicate significant Board and Committee time to understanding the opportunities and risks presented by emerging technologies, and to ensuring that MSCI s adoption of AI and other innovations is guided by high standards of data quality, security and responsible use. Throughout, we maintain a focus on sound risk management and disciplined execution of MSCI s strategy. Technology and AI Oversight AI is not a peripheral topic for our Board. It is a key focus of our oversight agenda. MSCI is embedding AI across its platform, from data acquisition and processing to the delivery of client-facing insights. The Board has devoted significant time at both full Board and Committee meetings to understanding MSCI s AI strategy and evaluating the investments being made. Our directors with deep technology and AI backgrounds bring critical perspective to these discussions, while our directors with investment industry experience help ensure that we remain grounded in how these developments can support the investment industry. This combination of viewpoints is essential to overseeing the responsible and effective deployment of AI. Leadership Transitions In November 2025, C.D. Baer Pettit, MSCI s President and Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board since 2023, announced his retirement after more than 25 years of distinguished service to the Company. Baer helped build MSCI into the global franchise it is today, and his operational expertise, client focus and strategic judgment strengthened the Board s effectiveness during his tenure as a director. On behalf of the entire Board, I extend our deepest gratitude to Baer for his service. In connection with Baer s retirement, Henry has assumed the additional role of President, and the appointment of Jorge Mina as Chief Operating Officer and the expanded responsibilities of Alvise Munari as Head of Client Segments and Chief Product Officer reflect both the depth of MSCI s leadership bench and the Board s ongoing focus on succession planning. The Board is confident that this team has the talent, experience and vision to continue driving MSCI forward. Shareholder Engagement Meaningful engagement with our shareholders is foundational to how this Board operates. In 2025, members of the Board and management held productive discussions with investors on governance, leadership succession, AI strategy, executive compensation and board composition. We listen carefully to the perspectives of our shareholders, and their feedback directly informs our oversight and priorities. We value these conversations and remain committed to ensuring that our shareholders perspectives continue to shape the Board s work. Our People Finally, the Board recognizes that MSCI s success ultimately depends on the talent, dedication and ingenuity of its people. We engage closely with management on leadership development, talent retention and succession planning, and we are committed to supporting a culture that attracts the best minds in the industry and empowers them to innovate, collaborate and deliver for our clients. On behalf of my fellow independent directors and the entire Board, thank you for your continued trust and support. We are proud to serve as stewards of this great company, and we are confident that MSCI s Board is the right team to oversee the next chapter of MSCI s growth. We look forward to hearing your views at the 2026 Annual Meeting and through our ongoing engagement. Sincerely, Robert G. Ashe Independent Lead Director and Shareholder March 11, 2026 4 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time April 21, 2026 (Tuesday) 2:30 P.M. EASTERN TIME Location Attend the virtual meeting, including to vote and/or submit questions via the internet through a virtual web conference at: www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/MSCI2026 Record Date February 27, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting to be held on April 21, 2026. This Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 are available without charge at www.proxyvote.com . Information contained on such website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Annual Meeting Proposals and Voting Recommendations 1 Election of Directors FOR each nominee See Page 18 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) FOR See Page 56 3 Ratification of the Appointment of MSCI s Independent Auditor FOR See Page 105 The 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) will commence at 2:30 P.M. Eastern Time, with online check-in available beginning at 1:30 P.M. Eastern Time. To participate, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or additional voting instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. A webcast replay will also be made available on our Investor Relations website ( https://ir.msci.com ). If you are a beneficial shareholder, your broker will not be able to vote your shares with respect to any of the matters presented at the meeting, other than the ratification of the selection of our independent registered public accounting firm, unless you give your broker specific voting instructions. We will mail the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials on or about March 11, 2026. This notice is not a proxy card and cannot be used to vote your shares. How to Vote Whether or not you plan to attend our 2026 Annual Meeting, it is important that you vote as soon as possible to ensure that your shares are represented. Telephone 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time on April 20, 2026. Have your proxy card in hand and then follow the instructions. Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. Internet www.proxyvote.com Use the internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time on April 20, 2026. Have your proxy card in hand and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents Letter From Our Chairman and CEO 3 Letter F rom O ur Independent Lead Director 4 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 5 Proxy Summary 8 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 18 Director Core Competencies 19 202 6 Director Nominees 21 Corporate Governance 27 Corporate Governance Practices 27 Composition and Board Refreshment 28 Structure of O ur Board 32 Engagement and Evaluation of O ur Board 39 Oversight by O ur Board 43 Corporate Responsibility 47 Workforce and Talent Management 49 Director Compensation and Stock Ownership Guidelines 52 Director Compensation 52 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) 56 Compensation Matters 57 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 58 Highlights 58 Governance and Administration 64 Review of O ur Programs 71 Other Policies 87 Tax Considerations 88 Compensation Risk Assessment 88 Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee Report 89 Executive Compensation Tables 90 CEO Pay Ratio 99 Pay Versus Performance 101 Proposal 3 Ratification of the Appointment of MSCI s Independent Auditor 105 Audit Matters 106 Independent Auditor s Fees 106 Pre-Approval Policy of the Audit and Risk Committee of Services Performed by Independent Auditors 106 Audit and Risk Committee Report 107 Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 109 Stock Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors 109 Stock Ownership of Principal Shareholders 111 Other Matters 112 Additional Policies and Procedures 112 Certain Transactions 112 Related Person Transactions Policy 113 Other Business 113 Annex A: Frequently Asked Questions 114 Annex B: Supplemental Financial Information 121 6 Table of Contents Note on Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement and statements and reports that are referenced in this Proxy Statement contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements relate to future events and involve underlying assumptions, as well as known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, could, expect, intend, plan, seek, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond MSCI s control and that could materially affect our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Other factors that could materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements can be found in the MSCI 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2026 and in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished with the SEC. If any of these risks, uncertainties or other matters materialize, or if MSCI s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from what MSCI projected. Statements and reports on our website or other websites that we refer to in this Proxy Statement will not be deemed a part of, or otherwise incorporated by reference in, this Proxy Statement or any other report we file with the SEC. Forward-looking statements in this Proxy Statement and incorporated documents may include metrics, estimates, and aspirational goals that are based on assumptions, evolving standards, and methodologies that continue to develop. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes. Forward-looking and other statements in this Proxy Statement do not indicate materiality under U.S. federal securities laws, even if we use terms such as material or materiality. Certain disclosures reflect third-party frameworks and standards that may be revised or updated, and our adherence to such frameworks may change due to business developments, regulatory changes or other factors. Any forward-looking statement in this Proxy Statement and statements and reports that are referenced in this Proxy Statement reflect MSCI s current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to MSCI s operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. MSCI assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. It does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. MSCI at a Glance Our research-based data, analytics and indexes, supported by advanced technology, set standards for global investors and help our clients understand risks and opportunities, make better investment decisions and unlock innovation. MSCI Inc. trades under the symbol MSCI on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and as of February 27, 2026 had a market capitalization of $41.8 billion. Enabling Participants in the Investment Process PROVIDERS OF CAPITAL Enabling asset owners and managers to make better investment decisions and build better portfolios USERS OF CAPITAL Enabling corporates and others to understand sustainability risks, benchmark against peers and inform engagement with shareholders FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES Enabling banks, broker dealers, exchanges, custodians and others to improve the investment process with more transparency Positioned for Growth in the Rapidly Evolving Market Environment The Data and Technology Paradigm Shift We are expanding our proprietary data- building capabilities powered by Generative AI to help clients access more granular information quicker with more sophisticated insights The Growth of Alternative Capital Providers We are focused on building tools and solutions for private- asset funds and wealth managers to develop personalized solutions that support scalable and outcome- oriented portfolios The Reimagining of Investment Risk and Opportunity We are responding to our clients need for tools and insights to help evaluate investment risks and opportunities, including amid complex regulatory environments and shifting priorities around sustainability and climate change 8 Proxy Summary Strong Financial Performance In 2025, we continued to execute a focused strategy to accelerate growth, improve efficiency and attract the best talent. MSCI delivered another year of growth across key financial and operating measures, reflecting the strength of our subscription-based business model and demand for our products that bring clarity to investment decisions. Our strong results reflect our commitment to building long-term shareholder value. Financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2025 include the following: 2025 Financial Highlights Operating Revenues (in millions except percentages) Net Income / Operating Income / Adjusted EBITDA* (in millions except percentages) Diluted EPS / Adjusted EPS* (unaudited) Run Rate** (in millions except percentages) * MSCI has presented supplemental non-GAAP financial measures as part of this Proxy Statement. Definitions of and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure with the most comparable GAAP measure are set forth in Annex B. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternative measures for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Proxy Statement are used by management to monitor the financial performance of the business, inform business decision-making and forecast future results. ** Run Rate is a key operating metric and is important because any increase or decrease ultimately impacts our future operating revenues over time. A substantial portion of MSCI s operating revenues is derived from recurring subscriptions or licenses for products and services that are ongoing in nature and provided over contractually agreed periods, which are subject to renewal or cancellation upon the expiration of the then current term. We measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as Run Rate. See page 124 of this Proxy Statement for additional information on Run Rate. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Proxy Summary Our Capital Allocation Program LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION ~55.3 million shares with a total value of ~$9.0 billion repurchased since 2012 (as of December 31, 2025) Demonstrating disciplined, long-term capital allocation that has created significant value for shareholders ~$7.3 billion ~9.9 million ~12.5 percent Capital returned in the last five years (as of December 31, 2025) (includes dividends) Shares repurchased in the last five years (as of December 31, 2025) 2025 increase in quarterly per-share dividend from $1.60 quarterly to $1.80 quarterly Recent Capital Optimization Activities Repurchased ~4.3 million shares of our common stock in 2025 at an average price of $559.54 for a total value of $2.4 billion Issued $1.25 billion of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2035 and $500 million of 5.15% senior unsecured notes due 2036 Refinanced credit facilities with new $1.60 billion revolving credit facility extended to August 2030 Total Shareholder Return The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return ( TSR ) of our common stock, the S P 500 Index and the MSCI USA Financials Index, assuming a $100 investment on December 31, 2015 with dividends reinvested. The indexes are included for comparative purposes and do not necessarily reflect our opinion that they are an appropriate measure of relative stock performance. The MSCI USA Financials Index is operated by MSCI. Comparison of Cumulative Ten Year Total Return MSCI Inc. S P 500 Index MSCI USA Financials Index The above graph is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), whether made before or after the date hereof, irrespective of any general incorporation language. Company Name/Index 12/31/15 12/31/16 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 12/31/23 12/31/24 12/31/25 MSCI Inc. $ 100.00 $ 110.62 $ 179.90 $ 212.19 $ 376.00 $ 655.68 $ 905.75 $ 694.38 $ 853.42 $ 915.78 $ 886.78 S P 500 Index $ 100.00 $ 111.96 $ 136.40 $ 130.42 $ 171.49 $ 203.04 $ 261.32 $ 213.99 $ 270.25 $ 337.86 $ 398.27 MSCI USA Financials Index $ 100.00 $ 122.69 $ 149.74 $ 129.43 $ 172.04 $ 168.58 $ 228.86 $ 201.04 $ 230.49 $ 303.54 $ 351.37 10 Proxy Summary Engaging with our Shareholders We believe that engaging with our shareholders is the best way to address the issues that matter most to them and we aim to engage with them year-round through investor meetings and industry conferences. During 2025, we held over 270 meetings covering a wide range of matters. In our fall 2025 Corporate Responsibility off-season engagement, we met with shareholders representing approximately 27.1% of our outstanding shares as of September 30, 2025 to discuss topics including executive compensation, board oversight, succession planning and sustainability strategy. Among the recent changes made to our compensation programs in response to shareholder feedback, in 2026, we added a recurring net new sales ( RNN ) performance modifier to time-based RSU awards to further strengthen pay-for-performance alignment. Deep Shareholder Outreach Team: Senior Business Leaders Independent Board Members Corporate Responsibility Team Investor Relations Team Corporate Governance Legal Team Talent and Compensation Teams What We Discussed in 2025: Our Business Market Trends AI Strategy and Innovation Long-Term Growth Framework Financial Performance Product and Client Expansion Compensation and Governance Succession Planning Board Oversight Talent Strategy Executive Compensation Sustainability Strategy Over 270 meetings with our shareholders, prospective shareholders and sell- side analysts, including off-season ~ 42 % of our shares outstanding represented across our shareholder engagement meetings in 2025 Our Year-Round Shareholder Engagement Program Annual Meeting Spring Summer Fall Winter As needed, conduct investor meetings in advance of the annual meeting to answer questions and obtain shareholder feedback on proxy matters. Consider annual meeting results and determine any next steps, including engagement priorities. Engage with our shareholders, including in direct meetings with our largest shareholders during our annual Corporate Responsibility off-season engagement. Incorporate feedback from shareholder meetings into annual meeting planning and enhance governance practices and disclosures, as needed. Review shareholder proposals and engage, as necessary. See Shareholder Engagement on page 41 for more information on our shareholder engagement activities. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Proxy Summary The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. See page 18 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Board Expertise Robert G. Ashe, 66 INDEPENDENT Lead Director Former General Manager, Business Analytics, IBM Corp. (Formerly CEO of Cognos Inc.) Director Since: 2013 Executive Leadership 10 Investment Industry Expertise 7 Henry A. Fernandez, 67 Chairman, CEO and President, MSCI Inc. Director Since: 2007 Global Perspective 10 Regulatory, Government and Public Policy Engagement 2 Corporate Development 8 Robin Matlock, 60 INDEPENDENT Former Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, VMware, Inc. Director Since: 2022 Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation 8 Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management 8 Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development 7 Jacques P. Perold, 67 INDEPENDENT Former President, Fidelity Management and Research Company Director Since: 2017 Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise 5 Sustainability and Climate Practices 4 Human Capital Management 9 Sandy C. Rattray, 56 INDEPENDENT Former Chief Investment Officer, Man Group plc Director Since: 2020 Geographic Experience Linda H. Riefler, 65 INDEPENDENT Former Chair of Global Research and Chief Talent Officer, Morgan Stanley Director Since: 2007 73% Lived or Worked outside U.S. 12 Proxy Summary Governance Highlights Our Board of Directors Nominees Each of our current directors is standing for election to hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until the director s earlier retirement, resignation, death or removal. The table below provides information on each of our director nominees, including their membership on our four standing committees: the Audit and Risk Committee (the Audit Committee ), the Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee (the Compensation Committee ), the Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee (the Governance Committee ) and the Strategy and Finance Committee (the Strategy Committee ). Michelle Seitz, 60 INDEPENDENT Founder and CEO, MeydenVest Partners and Former Chair and CEO, Russell Investments Director Since: 2024 6 Independent Directors Appointed Since 2020 Active Board Refreshment Ongoing thoughtful refreshment, with two directors added in 2024, expanding the Board s expertise in AI, cyber and asset-management depth. In February 2025, we announced the retirement of incumbent director Wayne Edmunds, effective as of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. In November 2025, we announced the planned retirement of President and director C.D. Baer Pettit, in connection with which he also ceased serving as a member of the Board, effective March 1, 2026. Board Composition and Selection Process Our Board is committed to building a well-rounded membership with a broad range of skills, backgrounds and perspectives aligned with our strategic priorities and long-term growth opportunities. The Governance Committee considers these factors when identifying the most qualified candidates for the Board. Committees: Marcus L. Smith, 59 INDEPENDENT Former Chief Investment Officer, Canada Equity, and Portfolio Manager, International Equities, MFS Investment Management Director Since: 2017 Rajat Taneja, 61 INDEPENDENT President of Technology, Visa Inc. Director Since: 2021 Paula Volent, 69 INDEPENDENT Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, The Rockefeller University Director Since: 2020 June Yang, 52 INDEPENDENT Former Vice President, Cloud AI and Industry Solutions, Google Cloud Inc. Director Since: 2024 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Proxy Summary The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 56 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) Aligning Executive Compensation with Company Strategy, Culture and Performance We believe our executive compensation program was integral to our successful financial performance in 2025. Our executive compensation program is designed not only to closely align the compensation and interests of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) with the interests of our shareholders, but also to reflect the economic realities of our operating environment by directly linking pay with performance. MSCI s executive compensation program emphasizes performance-based compensation in the form of cash incentive awards under our Annual Incentive Plan ( AIP ) and equity incentive awards under our Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) that focus respectively on the achievement of short- and long-term goals. The following table sets forth the key components of our executive compensation program in effect in 2025. Short-Term Annual Incentive Plan Cash Bonus Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards for NEOs 80% Financial Performance 20% Performance Stock Units (earned based on absolute TSR compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) over a 3-year performance period) with a 1-year post-vesting mandatory holding period Performance Stock Options (earned based on cumulative revenue and cumulative adjusted EPS over a 3-year performance period) Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff-vest) Further aligns NEOs interests with stakeholders interests by: Linking a substantial portion of long-term compensation to the achievement of operational results (revenue and adjusted EPS) and shareholder value creation (TSR) Promoting an owner-operator mindset among senior leaders with rigorous share ownership guidelines and additional share retention requirements Key Performance Indicators Aligns NEOs interests with stakeholders interests by: Rewarding performance for achievement of strategic goals, which are designed to position the Company competitively Promoting strong financial results and shareholder value Incentivizing a corporate culture that promotes leadership effectiveness, talent management, employee engagement and supporting Company growth 14 Proxy Summary 2025 Target Pay Mix 2025 Annualized CEO (1) 2025 Average Annualized Other NEOs Salary Annual Incentive Long-Term Incentive (1) The chart above does not reflect a special grant of premium-priced stock options (the PPOs ) to Mr. Fernandez on January 31, 2025, having a total grant date value of $15.0 million in recognition of his role in MSCI s growth. See page 80 of this Proxy Statement for additional information on Mr. Fernandez s special PPO award and page 76 of this Proxy Statement for additional information on Mr. Fernandez s contributions. In 2025, our CEO received over 90% of his regular annual compensation in the form of at-risk variable compensation under the AIP and LTIP (on average, over 85% in the case of our other NEOs). Annual Incentive Plan The AIP for Managing Directors, including our NEOs, closely aligns their interests with those of our shareholders by emphasizing a formulaic, performance-driven approach to determining annual cash incentive awards. In 2025, the Compensation Committee increased the weighting of financial criteria under the AIP from 70% to 80% and consolidated the prior individual KPI (20%) and sustainability goal (10%) components into a single 20% individual performance component. In 2025, the financial criteria component consisted of Total Net Sales (40%), Revenue (20%) and Adjusted EPS (20%). The individual performance component was assessed through our Executive Accountability Framework, focusing on corporate culture and leadership effectiveness. Building on these changes, for 2026, the Compensation Committee transitioned the Managing Director AIP in which our NEOs participate to a fully formulaic structure, eliminating the prior 20% individual performance component for culture and leadership effectiveness. Beginning in 2026, payouts will be determined entirely by achievement against four financial metrics: Recurring Net New Sales (50% weight), Non-Recurring Sales (10%), Revenue (20%) and Adjusted EPS (20%). The Compensation Committee split the Total Net Sales metric into two distinct components: subscription-based growth (or, Recurring Net New Sales) and non-recurring sales, while emphasizing the Company s strategic priority of driving recurring revenue. 2025 Financial Criteria Achievement of specified financial criteria 80% 2025 Individual Performance Assessed through Executive Accountability Framework focusing on corporate culture and leadership effectiveness 20% 40% Total Net Sales (1) 20% Revenue 20% Adjusted EPS (1) For purposes of the AIP, Total Net Sales reflects net new recurring subscription sales plus non-recurring sales weighted at 75%. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Proxy Summary AIP Changes: Increased Emphasis on Financial Performance l Financial Criteria l Individual Performance For additional information about the AIP program, please see the discussion on page 72 of this Proxy Statement. Long-Term Incentive Plan The LTIP prioritizes sustained, long-term shareholder value creation and facilitates an owner-operator mindset amongst our senior executives. Since 2022, the award mix under our LTIP for our NEOs has been comprised of performance stock units ( PSUs ), performance stock options ( PSOs ) and restricted stock units ( RSUs ), the mix of which varies based on position. Consistent with our past practice, Mr. Fernandez and Mr. Pettit were each granted 100% of their LTIP awards in 2025 in the form of PSUs and PSOs tied to performance metrics and were not granted any time-based RSUs. In 2026, to reflect continued focus on the Company s business objectives and strategy, the Compensation Committee added an RNN performance modifier to RSU awards that may adjust the number of shares earned, within a range of 100% to 130% of the number of RSUs granted, based on achievement of a specified RNN performance goal over the FY2026 performance period. The Compensation Committee selected RNN as a key driver of sustainable revenue growth and set performance targets at levels it believes to be challenging yet achievable. The Compensation Committee believes that adding this additional performance element to our time-based RSU awards will further incentivize outperformance on future subscription growth and drive our long-term value creation by our employees. The LTIP for our NEOs comprises a mix of the following: PSUs Annual grant of PSUs which cover a cumulative three-year performance period. The PSUs are eligible to vest between 0% and 200%, based on the achievement of an absolute TSR CAGR performance metric. The PSUs include a one-year post-vest mandatory holding period. PSOs Annual grant of PSOs which cover a cumulative three-year performance period. The PSOs are eligible to vest between 0% and 200% based on the combined level of achievement of (i) a cumulative revenue performance goal and (ii) a cumulative adjusted EPS performance goal (each weighted equally). Share price of MSCI common stock must exceed exercise price for a participant to realize value. RSUs Annual grant of RSUs to our NEOs (other than Messrs. Fernandez and Pettit) that cliff-vest at the end of a three-year service period. Commencing with grants made in 2026, RSUs are subject to an upside-only RNN performance modifier that may adjust the number of shares earned, within a range of 100% to 130% of the target number based on performance. For additional information about the LTIP, please see the discussion beginning on page 77 of this Proxy Statement. 16 Proxy Summary 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote Results In recent years, our shareholders have expressed support for our executive compensation program, including at our 2025 annual meeting at which approximately 94.0% of the votes cast approved our Say on Pay advisory proposal. This represents the eighth consecutive year of Say on Pay approval of 94% or higher. To read more about shareholder feedback relating to our Executive Compensation program, see the discussion on page 68 of this Proxy Statement. The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 105 PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of the Appointment of MSCI s Independent Auditor The Audit and Risk Committee periodically reviews the engagement of the independent auditor to assess, among other things, the skills, experience, service levels and costs associated with conducting the annual audit of the Company s financial statements. PwC has served as our independent auditor since March 2014. The Audit Committee believes PwC s tenure since 2014 enhances audit quality, providing deep institutional knowledge, operational expertise and efficiencies that support reliable financial reporting. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Our Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of all 11 nominees named below. PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Proxies solicited by our Board will be voted FOR these nominees unless otherwise instructed. Our Board currently has 11 directors. Each director stands for election at each annual meeting of shareholders and holds office until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified or the director s earlier retirement, resignation, death or removal. In connection with his planned retirement, C.D. Baer Pettit ceased serving on the Board, effective March 1, 2026. All of the nominees presented beginning on page 21 of this Proxy Statement are directors of MSCI as of March 11, 2026. All directors were elected at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. The Board believes that each of the nominees brings strong skills and experience to the Board, giving the Board, as a group, the appropriate skills needed to exercise its oversight responsibilities and advise management with respect to the Company s strategy, risks and opportunities. Our balanced director tenure distribution shown below is also part of our thoughtful Board succession planning that provides institutional continuity and deep knowledge of the Company, while also representing new perspectives. Each nominee has indicated that he or she is willing and able to serve if elected. We do not anticipate that any nominee will be unable or unwilling to stand for election, but if that happens, your proxy vote authorizes the people named as proxies to vote for another person nominated by the Board, or the Board may elect to reduce its size. Vote Required and Recommendation The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to each director s election at our 2026 Annual Meeting, at which a quorum is present, is required to approve Proposal No. 1. Abstentions and broker non-votes shall not be treated as votes cast. For additional information on the consequences for directors who do not receive a majority of votes cast, please refer to What happens if a director does not receive a majority of the votes required for his or her re-election? in Annex A. 18 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Director Core Competencies The following tables provide an overview of the skills, experiences, and attributes of our director nominees that the Board considers most relevant to its oversight of MSCI s strategy, risks, and opportunities. Effective oversight requires a Board with a broad range of skills, backgrounds and perspectives to ensure robust discussion, independent thinking, strong governance and informed decision-making. The below list of director competencies focus on those that the Governance Committee believes are most relevant to the current needs of the Board. Additional detail on each director nominee s experiences and qualifications follows their biographies beginning on page 21 of this Proxy Statement. Executive Leadership Directors who have served as CEOs, COOs or other senior executives possess critical experience setting and executing strategic priorities across complex organizations, which are necessary skills to help support our growth and the creation of shareholder value. Investment Industry Expertise Directors with expertise in the investment industry have a deep understanding of our key clients (e.g., asset managers, banks and brokerages, asset owners, hedge fund managers, wealth managers, private assets investment professionals, insurance companies and corporates) and the use-cases for our product offerings, which provides us with valuable market and client insights. Global Perspective As a company with significant global operations, with businesses tied to the global capital markets and with global client and employee bases, we value directors on the MSCI Board with a global perspective who have worked outside of the United States or who have other substantial management or operational experience with international teams or organizations. Regulatory, Government and Public Policy Engagement Directors who have significantly interacted with, or who have served as, government officials, regulators or policymakers, provide important guidance and insight on managing complex regulatory and public policy issues affecting MSCI around the world. Corporate Development Directors with relevant experience identifying, assessing and executing corporate development opportunities provide insight to us as we define priorities to expand our business through mergers, partnerships and acquisitions. We believe expertise in these areas allows our Board to oversee our corporate opportunities and our efforts to grow our business and maximize return for our shareholders. Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation We utilize a variety of financial targets and metrics, and an understanding of accounting, financial planning, financial reporting and financial controls structures is critical to how we measure our performance and report to our investors. Additionally, we value directors who have significant experience with corporate financing activities and equity and debt markets to support appropriate oversight of our capital structure. Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management In light of the Board s role overseeing corporate/enterprise risk management and understanding the most significant risks facing MSCI, including strategic, market, operational, financial, legal, regulatory and reputational risks, we seek directors with experience in corporate/enterprise risk management and oversight. Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Client-centricity is essential for us to understand and support our clients needs. In addition, marketing and brand development are increasingly important to growing our client relationships and footprint. Experience in these areas contributes to the Board s understanding of changing market conditions and trends and helps us better deploy our innovative tools and solutions to our clients. Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise Directors with expertise in current relevant technology and data issues, including artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, cybersecurity, digital transformation, data security and privacy, big data and analytics, enterprise software and emerging technologies, provide important insights and oversight with respect to the use of technology to optimize and secure our operations, drive efficiencies and product development, and deliver our solutions more effectively to our clients. Sustainability and Climate Practices Experience with sustainability or climate practices, goals, tools and strategies used by investors helps us support the needs of our clients, as we enable their efforts to integrate financially material sustainability and climate considerations into their investment processes. Additionally, experience with corporate sustainability or climate practices, including initiatives such as carbon reduction or social practices, contributes to the Board s oversight of MSCI s corporate practices in these areas. Human Capital Management MSCI is committed to maintaining a performance culture and a high level of employee engagement. Experience in talent management (attraction, development and retention), executive compensation, succession planning and culture are important areas of Board oversight. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Tenure/Age/Independence Tenure 12 18 4 9 6 18 2 8 5 6 1 Age 66 67 60 67 56 65 60 59 61 69 52 Independence n n n n n n n n n n Director Core Competencies Executive Leadership n n n n n n n n n n Investment Industry Expertise n n n n n n n Global Perspective n n n n n n n n n n Regulatory, Government and Public Policy Engagement n n Corporate Development n n n n n n n n Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation n n n n n n n n Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management n n n n n n n n Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development n n n n n n n Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise n n n n n Sustainability and Climate Practices n n n n Human Capital Management n n n n n n n n n Director Demographics l Women l Men l African American/ Black l Asian/South Asian l Hispanic/Latino l Caucasian/White Director Independence l Independent l Non-Independent Director Tenure l 0 - 5 years l 5 - 9 years l 9 years Director Age l 50 - 56 years l 57 - 63 years l 63 years 20 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 2026 Director Nominees Robert G. Ashe, 66 INDEPENDENT Lead Director Director Since: 2013 Committees: Audit Committee Governance Committee Henry A. Fernandez, 67 CHAIRMAN, CEO AND PRESIDENT Director Since: 2007 Core Competencies: Core Competencies: Executive Leadership Global Perspective Corporate Development Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Human Capital Management Executive Leadership Investment Industry Expertise Global Perspective Regulatory, Government and Public Policy Engagement Corporate Development Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Sustainability and Climate Practices Human Capital Management Mr. Ashe previously served as General Manager of Business Analytics of IBM Corp. ( IBM ) from 2010 to 2012 and before that as General Manager of Business Intelligence and Performance Management since 2008, following IBM s acquisition of Cognos Inc. ( Cognos ), a Canadian provider of business intelligence and performance management software. Mr. Ashe worked for Cognos from 1984 to 2008, holding various executive positions, including most recently President and Chief Executive Officer from 2004 to 2008, President and Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2004 and Chief Corporate Officer from 2001 to 2002, during a portion of which time he also served as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ashe holds an Honours Bachelor of Commerce with a major in Accounting from the University of Ottawa. Mr. Ashe is also a Certified Public Accountant in Canada. Qualifications: We believe Mr. Ashe s over 30 years of experience in finance, product marketing, software development, revenue growth and strategic transactions qualify him to serve as a director. At Cognos, he executed strategic acquisitions and led its integration into IBM, providing valuable insight into investment, organic growth and M A strategies. His background as a former CFO brings expertise in corporate finance, accounting and internal controls. His experience in the technology sector also allows him to provide valuable insights on MSCI s technology strategy. As a former public company CEO, lead director and board member, he also provides governance and leadership expertise. Prior Other Public Company Directorships: Shopify Inc. (December 2014 to June 2025), ServiceSource International, Inc. (March 2013 to May 2020) and Halogen Software Inc. (February 2013 to April 2017) Mr. Fernandez has served as Chairman of our Board since 2007 and as our CEO and a director since 1998. In connection with the retirement of Mr. Pettit, he reassumed the role of President in March 2026, a role he previously held from 1998 to October 2017. MSCI was previously a business unit within Morgan Stanley prior to its IPO in 2007. Mr. Fernandez assumed leadership of the MSCI business unit from 1996 and was appointed CEO and President in 1998. He commenced his career in 1983 at Morgan Stanley, where he worked in emerging markets business strategy, equity derivatives sales and trading, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate and mortgage finance. Mr. Fernandez holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Georgetown University, an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and pursued doctoral studies in economics at Princeton University. Qualifications: We believe that Mr. Fernandez s extensive experience and leadership in the financial services industry, as well as his unparalleled knowledge of MSCI and its business, render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. As MSCI s Chief Executive Officer, he brings senior leadership expertise and direct knowledge of the Company s culture, business development, strategy, client base and the drivers of its long-term growth and success. In addition, as the former lead director of another public company, Mr. Fernandez also brings to the Board additional experience and insight with respect to corporate governance. Prior Other Public Company Directorships: Royalty Pharma plc (August 2020 to August 2025) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Robin L. Matlock, 60 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2022 Committees: Compensation Committee Governance Committee Jacques P. Perold, 67 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2017 Committees: Compensation Committee (Chair) Strategy Committee Core Competencies: Core Competencies: Executive Leadership Global Perspective Corporate Development Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise Sustainability and Climate Practices Human Capital Management Executive Leadership Investment Industry Expertise Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise Sustainability and Climate Practices Human Capital Management Ms. Matlock previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of VMware, Inc. ( VMware ), a software virtualization company, a position she held from 2013 to 2020. Ms. Matlock previously served as Vice President, Corporate Marketing at VMware from 2009 to 2013. Before VMware, Ms. Matlock served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Imperva Inc., a cybersecurity software and services company. Prior to that, she held executive positions in a number of technology companies, including McAfee, Entercept Security Technologies and Symantec Corporation. Ms. Matlock has also served as a director and advisor of private technology companies. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Music from Rice University. Qualifications: We believe that Ms. Matlock s extensive experience in the areas of go-to-market and marketing strategy, client insight and technological innovation render her qualified to serve as one of our directors. Her prior experience in marketing, digital solutions and business development in a leading technology company, and her current experience as a director and advisor to a number of private technology companies, add to her deep understanding of the technology sector and the importance of client centricity. Her public company board experience also enables her to contribute valuable insights into corporate governance and the Board s role in risk oversight. Current Other Public Company Directorships: Iron Mountain Incorporated (July 2019 to present) Mr. Perold was President of Fidelity Management Research Company, the investment advisor for Fidelity s family of mutual funds, until his retirement in 2014. From 2001 to 2009, Mr. Perold was President of Geode Capital Management, LLC, a sub-advisor to Fidelity. He is currently a trustee of New York Life Insurance Company s NYLI mutual funds, a trustee of Partners in Health, and a co-founder and Chairman of CapShift, a company focused on enabling impact investments from donor-advised funds and foundations. Mr. Perold holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in economic history from the University of Cape Town and a post-graduate Bachelor of Arts Honors degree in sociology from the University of Cape Town. Qualifications: We believe that Mr. Perold s over 30 years of experience and leadership in strategy and operations at one of the world s largest asset management firms render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. Mr. Perold s role in leading investments and operations for a global investment firm as well as serving as the founder of an investment advisory firm also provides the Board with valuable insight into the Company s asset management client segment. In addition, his role as a senior business leader who oversaw compensation programs and goals provides knowledge of the role and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee. Current Other Public Company Directorships: Allstate Corporation (December 2015 to present) 22 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Sandy C. Rattray, 56 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2020 Committees: Governance Committee Strategy Committee (Chair) Linda H. Riefler, 65 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2007 Committees: Compensation Committee Governance Committee (Chair) Core Competencies: Core Competencies: Executive Leadership Investment Industry Expertise Global Perspective Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise Executive Leadership Investment Industry Expertise Global Perspective Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Sustainability and Climate Practices Human Capital Management Mr. Rattray previously served as the Chief Investment Officer of Man Group plc from 2017 to 2021. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Man AHL from 2013 to 2017 and Chief Investment Officer of Man Systematic Strategies from 2010 to 2013. Prior to holding such positions, he held several other senior leadership positions at Man Group. Before joining GLG Partners, which was later acquired by Man Group, he spent 15 years at Goldman Sachs where he held various positions, including Managing Director and head of the Fundamental Strategy Group. Mr. Rattray also sits on the MSCI Advisory Council. He is also a governor of the Southbank Centre in London, a governor of the King s Maths School in London and is a Senior Advisor at Capula Investment Management LLP. He holds a Master s degree in Natural Sciences and Economics from the University of Cambridge and a Licence Sp ciale from the Universit Libre de Bruxelles. Qualifications: We believe that Mr. Rattray s over 25 years of experience in the global investment industry, including a focus on the technological innovation impacting the industry, render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. In particular, his background in finance at a leading, technology-focused asset management firm enables him to provide insights into our clients, operational and risk management, and our commercial strategy. Mr. Rattray is a co-inventor of the VIX index, one of the most traded futures and options contracts in the world, and has authored academic papers on investment strategies, risk management and portfolio design. This combination of advanced theoretical insight and practical experience as the Chief Investment Officer of a global asset management firm provides Mr. Rattray with a deep understanding of the finance industry. Ms. Riefler previously served as the Chair of Global Research of Morgan Stanley from 2011 to 2013 and as the Global Head of Research from 2008 to 2011. She was the Chief Talent Officer of Morgan Stanley from 2006 to 2008. In these roles she served on both the Management Committee and the Operating Committee of Morgan Stanley. Ms. Riefler joined Morgan Stanley in 1987 in the Capital Markets division and was appointed a Managing Director in 1998 while in the Research division. Ms. Riefler holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications: We believe that Ms. Riefler s expertise in talent management, risk management, company valuation and the capital markets render her qualified to serve as one of our directors. Associated with MSCI since 2005, she has played an important role in the Board s oversight of strategic direction, giving her unique insight into the Company s long-term growth strategies. Her experience as the Global Head of Research and the Chief Talent Officer of Morgan Stanley also enables her to advise the Company on its commercial and talent strategies. She also serves as Chair of the Governance and Sustainability Committee of a public company and on the leadership team of Stanford Women on Boards. In 2023, Ms. Riefler was recognized for outstanding work by an independent director at Governance Intelligence s Corporate Governance Awards. Current Other Public Company Directorships: CSX Corporation (March 2017 to present) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Michelle Seitz, 60 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2024 Committees: Strategy Committee Marcus L. Smith, 59 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2017 Committees: Audit Committee (Chair) Strategy Committee Core Competencies: Core Competencies: Executive Leadership Investment Industry Expertise Global Perspective Regulatory, Government and Public Policy Engagement Corporate Development Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Human Capital Management Investment Industry Expertise Global Perspective Corporate Development Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Human Capital Management Ms. Seitz is currently the Founder and CEO of MeydenVest Partners, a role she has held since 2022. Before MeydenVest Partners, Ms. Seitz served at Russell Investments as Chief Executive Officer from September 2017 to 2022, and as Chairman of the Board from 2018 to 2022. Prior to joining Russell Investments, Ms. Seitz held various senior level positions at William Blair from 1996 to 2017, most recently serving as the Chief Executive Officer of William Blair Investment Management, Chair and President of William Blair Funds, and as a member of the Board of Directors from 2001 to 2017. Ms. Seitz holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, and is a Chartered Financial Analyst. Qualifications: We believe that Ms. Seitz s deep experience in the investment industry, with over three decades in asset management and private wealth as both a CEO and an investor, qualifies her to serve as one of our directors. As CEO of William Blair Investment Management, she transformed a regional business into a globally recognized asset and wealth management firm. As Chair and CEO of Russell Investments, she led one of the world s largest asset management firms serving institutional clients globally. She has a proven track record of transforming and scaling complex organizations, while fostering a client-centric, award-winning culture. Ms. Seitz has been recognized by Barron s as one of the most influential women in U.S. finance, underscoring the breadth and impact of her contributions to the industry. Current Other Public Company Directorships: MetLife, Inc. (February 2026 to present) and Sana Biotechnology, Inc. (November 2020 to present) Mr. Smith previously served as the Chief Investment Officer, Canada Equity, and a portfolio manager at MFS Investment Management ( MFS ) until 2017. As a portfolio manager, he was responsible for managing the MFS Institutional International Equity Portfolio and the International Concentrated Portfolio. He joined MFS in 1994 and held a variety of positions, including Chief Investment Officer (Asia) from 2010 to 2012, based in Boston, Director of Asian Research from 2005 to 2009, based in Singapore, and Equity Analyst from 1995 to 2000, based in London. Mr. Smith currently serves as a trustee for certain Eaton Vance funds. Mr. Smith holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Mount Union and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Qualifications: We believe that Mr. Smith s extensive experience in global financial markets and as an investment professional, including experience in Asia and Europe, render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. As a former Chief Investment Officer at a large investment company, Mr. Smith brings significant leadership experience, investment and financial expertise, and knowledge of our clients and the asset management industry to the Board. He brings a strong investor viewpoint to the boardroom and infuses discussions with insights from shareholder, capital markets and capital allocation perspectives. Current Other Public Company Directorships: First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (February 2021 to present) Prior Other Public Company Directorships: DCT Industrial Trust, Inc. (October 2017 to August 2018) 24 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors Rajat Taneja, 61 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2021 Committees: Audit Committee Paula Volent, 69 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2020 Committees: Compensation Committee Strategy Committee Core Competencies: Core Competencies: Executive Leadership Global Perspective Corporate Development Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise Human Capital Management Executive Leadership Investment Industry Expertise Corporate Development Financial Reporting and Capital Allocation Corporate/Enterprise Risk Management Mr. Taneja is currently the President of Technology for Visa Inc. ( Visa ), a role he has held since 2019. He joined Visa in 2013 and served as Executive Vice President of Technology and Operations until 2019. Prior to joining Visa, Mr. Taneja was Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Electronic Arts Inc. from 2011 until 2013. From 1996 until 2011, he served in various roles at Microsoft Corporation ( Microsoft ), including as the Corporate Vice President, Commerce Division. At Microsoft, Mr. Taneja led the development and deployment of commerce and transaction technologies across its connected services, the company s online digital advertising platforms and one of its first business online service offerings. Mr. Taneja holds a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from Jadavpur University and an M.B.A. from Washington State University. Qualifications: We believe that Mr. Taneja s over 30 years of experience in global technology, innovation and research and development render him qualified to serve as one of our directors. At Visa, he oversees significant investments in technology infrastructure, cybersecurity risk and transformational initiatives, including the implementation of artificial intelligence at a global enterprise. This experience provides valuable insight into the continuing transformation of MSCI s data and technology capabilities. In 2024, he was listed on Forbes CIO Next List, highlighting top tech leaders driving AI transformation. In 2025, he led Visa to earn the number 2 spot on Fortune s AIQ 50 list of companies leading in AI maturity and readiness. Prior Other Public Company Directorships: Ellie Mae, Inc. (June 2015 to April 2019) Ms. Volent is currently Vice President and Chief Investment Officer at The Rockefeller University, a role she has held since 2021. She previously served as Senior Vice President for Investments and Chief Investment Officer at Bowdoin College from 2006 to 2021, Vice President for Investments at Bowdoin College from 2002 to 2006, and Associate Treasurer at Bowdoin College from 2000 to 2002. Prior to joining Bowdoin College in 2000, Ms. Volent served as a Senior Associate at the Yale Investments Office, and before focusing on endowment management, she worked as a paper conservator. She holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of New Hampshire, an M.B.A. from Yale School of Management and a Master of Arts degree from the Institute of Fine Arts, New York University. Qualifications: We believe that Ms. Volent s experience as a Chief Investment Officer at leading educational and research institutions, including her recognized track record of top investment performance, renders her qualified to serve as one of our directors. Ms. Volent began her investment career at the Yale Investments Office, and brings significant expertise in alternative investments and asset allocation. She provides important insights regarding our asset owner client segment and has deep engagement with the global investment community. Ms. Volent has been recognized by Barron s as one of the most influential women in U.S. finance. Current Other Public Company Directorships: 1stdibs.com, Inc. (June 2021 to present) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors June Yang, 52 INDEPENDENT Director Since: 2024 Committees: Audit Committee Core Competencies: Executive Leadership Global Perspective Corporate Development Client Relations, Marketing and Brand Development Technology, Data and Cybersecurity Expertise Human Capital Management Ms. Yang was the Vice President, Cloud AI and Industry Solutions at Google Cloud Inc. ( Google Cloud ) from 2021 to 2023, where she was responsible for the portfolio of Google Cloud AI products and solutions. Previously at Google Cloud, she served as Vice President and General Manager, Google Compute, AI Infrastructure and Block Storage from 2019 to 2021. Prior to joining Google Cloud, Ms. Yang held various engineering and product management positions at VMware, Inc., including Vice President, Engineering and Product Management of VMware Cloud on Dell EMC and Vice President, Product Management of vSphere, Edge Computing and Analytics Cloud. Ms. Yang holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology, a Master of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and a Master of Science degree in Management from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications: We believe that Ms. Yang s extensive leadership experience in the technology sector, particularly her expertise in AI, cloud infrastructure, and enterprise innovation, qualifies her to serve as one of our directors. Over the course of her career, she has demonstrated a strong track record of developing and scaling enterprise technologies, with a focus on product management, marketing, and engineering. At Google Cloud, Ms. Yang oversaw the company s entire portfolio of AI products and services and played a key role in driving the development and delivery of cutting-edge AI and cloud solutions. Her insights into emerging technologies and enterprise strategies bring valuable perspectives to the Board. Current Other Public Company Directorships: NetApp, Inc. (September 2024 to present) and UiPath, Inc. (February 2024 to present) Prior Other Public Company Directorships: SRS Distribution Inc. (November 2022 to July 2024) 26 Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Practices MSCI s Board of Directors adheres to governance principles designed to ensure the continued effectiveness of the Board and excellence in the execution of its duties. The Board has in place a set of Corporate Governance Policies reflecting these principles, including the Board s policy of requiring a significant majority of the Board to be comprised of independent directors; the importance of reflecting a broad range of skills, backgrounds and perspectives; and the practice of regularly scheduled executive sessions, including sessions of independent directors without members of management. MSCI also has a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for directors, executive officers and employees, which is reviewed annually by the Board. Any amendment to, or waiver of, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to one of our directors or executive officers may be made only by the Board or a Board committee. Corporate Governance Highlights BOARD COMPOSITION All director nominees except our CEO are independent, with strong, independent Lead Director and independent Board committees; average tenure of independent directors of 7.2 years Board blends industry-specific experience in investment management and global markets with expertise in key strategic areas such as technology, marketing and human capital Ongoing thoughtful refreshment, with two directors added in 2024, expanding the Board s expertise in AI, cyber and asset-management depth New director onboarding and continued director education program ACCOUNTABILITY TO SHAREHOLDERS Annual director elections Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections Right to call a special meeting by shareholders owning at least 15% of voting power Proxy access right Robust clawback policy No shareholder rights plan (i.e., a poison pill) Annual say-on-pay vote Risk oversight by full Board and Committees, including Board oversight of enterprise risk management, IT/cyber risk and other areas Annual review of Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, committee charters and Corporate Governance Policies DIRECTOR COMMITMENTS Limits on multiple public company board commitments Annual Board, committee and director evaluations, with third- party evaluation firm engaged periodically, including in 2024 to provide an independent perspective on Board governance, culture and processes Robust stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers Annual off-season shareholder engagement focused on corporate responsibility topics, with independent director participation 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Corporate Governance Composition and Board Refreshment Director Qualifications The Governance Committee s charter requires it to review candidates qualifications for membership on the Board or a committee of the Board, including making a specific determination as to the independence of each candidate based on criteria approved by the Board (and taking into account the enhanced independence, financial literacy and financial expertise standards that may be required under applicable law or NYSE rules for audit committee membership, and heightened independence standards that may be required under applicable law or NYSE rules for compensation committee membership). If the Governance Committee determines that adding a new director is advisable, it will recommend such individual to the Board for appointment as a member of the Board and any committees, as applicable. Consistent with our Corporate Governance Policies, when appointing directors, the Board seeks members who combine sound business judgment, professionalism and a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for the highest standards of ethics and integrity. The Board believes its composition should reflect a broad range of skills, backgrounds and perspectives. Directors should have experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility, be leaders or senior managers in the companies or institutions with which they are or were affiliated and be selected based upon contributions they can make to the Board and management and their ability to represent and advance the interests of the Company and its shareholders. Tenure and Board Refreshment Our Board has shown an ongoing commitment to Board refreshment and to having highly qualified, independent perspectives in the boardroom. Six of the Company s director nominees have been added to the Board since the beginning of 2020. The average tenure of the independent director nominees is currently 7.2 years. The average tenure is 8.2 years if Mr. Fernandez is included. Our Corporate Governance Policies provide that directors should not stand for re-election following their 75th birthday. 28 Corporate Governance The chart below highlights the key skills and expertise of independent directors who have joined the Board since 2020, strengthening MSCI s leadership in investment management, technology, go-to-market strategy, and digital transformation. 2020 February 26 Paula Volent Bringing investment industry, multi-asset class investments and asset allocation experience n Sandy Rattray Bringing extensive investment industry experience, including asset management and market risk management experience 2021 June 1 Rajat Taneja Bringing global technology, cybersecurity and research and development experience, including expertise in AI n 2022 June 1 Robin Matlock Bringing go- to- market and marketing strategy expertise n 2024 August 5 December 17 Michelle Seitz Bringing deep experience in the investment industry, including expertise in asset management and private wealth n June Yang Bringing extensive experience in the technology sector, with a focus on AI and cloud 6 New Independent Directors Appointed Since 2020 Board Member Independence Other than Mr. Fernandez, our CEO, each of our director nominees has been determined by the Board to be an independent director under the rules of the NYSE, which require that the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). Director Departures Wayne Edmunds, who joined the Board in 2015, retired at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders after nearly 10 years of service, including as Chair of the Audit Committee. C.D. Baer Pettit, who joined the Board in 2023, ceased serving in his position as President and a director effective March 1, 2026, after more than 25 years in senior leadership roles at MSCI. Committee Rotations We periodically rotate committee assignments and committee chair positions. In 2025, we rotated committee assignments in light of director appointments: Robin L. Matlock appointed to Compensation Committee (from Audit). Michelle Seitz appointed to Strategy Committee (from Audit). June Yang appointed to Audit Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Corporate Governance Director Re-Nomination The Governance Committee also assesses the performance of current directors in its evaluation of current directors for re-nomination to the Board or re-appointment to any Board committees. New Director Search Process We are committed to ongoing thoughtful refreshment, with two directors added in 2024, expanding the Board s expertise in AI, cyber and asset-management depth. Director appointments are the result of the search process outlined below. Director Recruitment Process The Governance Committee, with the feedback of the full Board, identifies key skills that would best serve the future needs of the Board and the Company, while helping the Board to execute on its current strategic priorities. This includes considering feedback from the Board s annual self- evaluation process. The Governance Committee may retain a professional search firm to identify and evaluate director candidates, prioritizing relevant experience. This ensures a comprehensive search and broad pool of potential candidates, with input from the Board. Identification and Interview of Candidates The Governance Committee identifies a short list of high-potential candidates, and the search firm conducts an initial assessment of these candidates skills, experience, background and availability to commit to Board service. The Chair of the Governance Committee meets with a number of candidates. Certain candidates also meet with members of the Governance Committee, the Chairman and the Lead Director. Board Decision and Nomination The Governance Committee presents qualified candidates to the Board. In reviewing the potential candidates, the Board takes into account the qualifications discussed in Director Qualifications of this Proxy Statement and in MSCI s Corporate Governance Policies. Upon completion of its assessment, the Governance Committee reports its recommendations for nominations to the full Board. Following discussion of a candidate s qualifications and consideration of the independence of such candidate, where applicable, the Board formally appoints the candidate to the Board. Active Board Our Board has shown an ongoing commitment to Board refreshment and to having highly qualified, independent perspectives in the boardroom. Six of the Company s director nominees have been added to the Board since the beginning of 2020. Our Board blends industry-specific experience in investment management and global markets with expertise in key strategic areas such as technology, marketing and human capital. Proxy Access Our Bylaws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning at least three percent of the Company s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s annual meeting proxy materials director nominees constituting the greater of two directors or twenty percent of the total number of directors on the Board, provided that such shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Shareholder Right to Call a Special Meeting Our Bylaws permit shareholders of record or beneficial owners holding not less than 15% of our outstanding shares continuously for at least one year the right to call a special meeting of shareholders. 30 Corporate Governance Board Culture The Board has established a boardroom dynamic that supports informed decision-making and oversight. One of the hallmarks of the Board s culture is meaningful and robust discussion, where views are thoroughly debated and varied perspectives and independent thinking are encouraged and welcomed. Directors consistently ask probing questions of both management and each other so that decisions reflect thorough deliberation. The independent directors meet regularly in executive session without management present, and individual directors have direct access to senior leaders across the organization. Each member of the Board is committed to promoting shareholder interests, and members of our Board regularly engage directly with our shareholders. 6 Independent Directors Appointed Since 2020 Balanced Tenure 4 directors: 5 yrs 3 directors: 5-9 yrs 4 directors: 9 yrs Independent Lead Director With a Robust Set of Responsibilities Annual Board and Committee Self- Assessment Composition and Refreshment Independence Shareholder Engagement The Board is committed to the right mix of skills, backgrounds and perspectives that reflect our strategic priorities. Two directors added in 2024, expanding the Board s expertise in AI, cyber and asset-management depth. The Board maintains fully independent Board Committees, all independent committee chairs and regular executive sessions that support independent oversight and rigorous evaluation of risks and opportunities. The Board values candid shareholder feedback. Directors and senior leaders engage directly with shareholders on business, strategy and corporate responsibility. Open Discussion Strategy Review Evaluation The Board prioritizes rigorous decision-making through robust debate and constructive challenge. Directors actively probe assumptions, and the Lead Director facilitates discussions where varied perspectives are valued and discussed. The Board oversees a dedicated annual strategy process with rigorous review of management plans and has a year-round culture of dialogue, with regular process updates. Directors engage on long-term value creation, capital allocation and emerging risks. The Board conducts an annual self-assessment of Board culture, leadership structure, committee effectiveness, skills and continuing education, which includes individual director feedback and 1:1 meetings with the Lead Director, with findings driving ongoing improvement. Engagement with Management Orientation and Continuing Education Directors have direct access to any employee and participate in Company events. Independent Board members are paired with management for mentorship and deeper engagement. New directors meet with Management Committee members and business heads. The Board has a culture of ongoing director education, including regular deep-dives with Company management. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Corporate Governance Structure of Our Board Substantially Independent Board Under the MSCI Corporate Governance Policies, the full Board affirmatively determines the independence of directors and reviews the financial and other relationships between the independent directors and MSCI as part of its assessment of director independence. The Governance Committee also makes specific determinations as to the independence of each candidate when reviewing candidates qualifications for membership on the Board or a committee of the Board. Director independence is also monitored by the full Board on an ongoing basis. Our Corporate Governance Policies provide that the Board should have a significant majority of independent directors meeting the independence requirements of the NYSE. Currently, a significant majority of the directors on our Board are independent. As of March 11, 2026, there All of our non-employee directors are independent are 11 directors on our Board, comprised of: (i) our Chairman and CEO and (ii) 10 independent directors. Our Board has determined that each of Messrs. Ashe, Perold, Rattray, Smith, and Taneja and Mmes. Matlock, Riefler, Seitz, Volent and Yang is independent in accordance with the requirements of our Corporate Governance Policies, which follow NYSE rules and guidelines. In making such determinations, there were no material transactions, relationships or arrangements not disclosed in this Proxy Statement under Other Matters Certain Transactions to be considered by the Board in determining whether each director was independent. Therefore, 10 of our 11 current directors are independent. Mr. Fernandez is not independent because of his position as CEO of MSCI. All members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Governance Committee and Strategy Committee satisfy the independence requirements of the NYSE. In addition, each member of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee meets the heightened independence standards of the NYSE required for audit committee and compensation committee members, respectively. Board Leadership The Board seeks to achieve the best board leadership structure for the effective oversight of MSCI s affairs. The Board believes that its leadership structure must be considered in the context of the individuals involved and the specific circumstances facing MSCI. The Governance Committee is responsible for the ongoing review of the governance structure of the Board and for recommending to the Board those structures and practices best suited to MSCI and its shareholders. The Board regularly reviews its leadership structure and believes that it is in the best interests of MSCI and its shareholders to combine the roles of Chairman and CEO at this time, alongside a robust and independent Lead Director. The Board believes that the decision as to whether the positions of Chairman and CEO should be combined or separated, and whether an executive or an independent director should serve as Chairman if the roles are split, should be based upon the particular circumstances facing MSCI. Maintaining a flexible policy allows the Board to choose the leadership structure that best serves the interests of the Company and its shareholders at any particular time. In determining the Board s current leadership, among other factors, the Board considered and evaluated the importance of consistent, unified leadership to execute and oversee the Company s strategy; the strength of Mr. Fernandez s vision for the Company and the quality of his leadership; the strong and highly independent composition of the Board, including having fully independent committee leadership and membership; the views and feedback heard from our investors through our ongoing engagement programs expressing support for our Board leadership structure; and the meaningful and robust responsibilities of the independent Lead Director. As Chairman, Mr. Fernandez chairs Board meetings and the annual shareholder meeting, works with the Lead Director to set agendas for Board meetings (which the Lead Director approves), collaborates with the Board on the Company s strategy and leads management in implementing that strategy. 32 Corporate Governance A strong, independent Lead Director with clearly defined duties and responsibilities further enhances the contributions of MSCI s independent directors, which have been, and continue to be, substantial. Our Corporate Governance Policies provide for the appointment of a Lead Director from among the Board s independent directors whenever the Chairman is not independent. The Lead Director role supports the independent directors to provide effective, independent Board leadership and oversight of management. Robert G. Ashe has been our Lead Director since April 2018. As a former member of other public company boards, the former CEO and CFO of a public company and an audit committee financial expert, Mr. Ashe also has significant experience with respect to the Board s roles and responsibilities, including those related to risk oversight and the Board s design and leadership structure. Further, our Chairman and Lead Director work closely to discuss strategic initiatives for the Company and to ensure the Board is effectively exercising its oversight responsibilities and its consideration of the Company s significant risks and opportunities. The Board, in executive sessions of independent directors (which are presided over by the Lead Director), also considers and discusses risk-related matters. These sessions provide a forum for candid discussion of risk-related matters, without management or the Chairman and CEO present. The Lead Director s responsibilities include: Board Structure Advises and provides feedback to the Governance Committee and the Chairman on the structure of the Board and its leadership, including membership of Board committees and the selection of committee chairs Maintains authority to retain independent legal, accounting or other advisors in connection with meetings of independent directors Acts as a key advisor to the Chairman on a wide variety of Company matters, including with respect to strategic and risk oversight matters, as appropriate Board Culture Serves as a liaison between the Chairman and independent directors Facilitates teamwork and communication among the independent directors Fosters an environment of open dialogue, effective information flow and constructive feedback Ensures Board discussions effectively and appropriately engage management, including with respect to strategic and risk oversight matters, as appropriate Board Meetings Presides at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present Has authority to call, and lead, independent director sessions Approves all Board meeting agendas and schedules to ensure appropriate topics and sufficient time for discussion of all items Provides approval for other Board related materials (e.g., directors, acting through the Lead Director, may propose matters to be included on the agenda for a meeting) Facilitates strong, independent oversight by leading executive sessions of independent directors at least after every quarterly Board meeting Performance, Development and Succession Conducts individual director evaluations with independent directors, discussing topics including the Board s culture, leadership structure, committee effectiveness, continuing education, skills and expertise, and other areas Reports to the Board, in conjunction with the Governance Committee, on the Board s annual self-assessment and provides recommendations for improvement, including relating to the Board s oversight efforts and engagement with management Collaborates with the Compensation Committee to oversee management succession and progression planning efforts Meets directly with management of the Company Shareholder Engagement Consults and directly communicates with shareholders and other key constituents, as appropriate Participates in our annual off-season engagement efforts where we meet with many of our top shareholders to discuss our corporate responsibility practices, among other topics 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Corporate Governance While we believe that combining the roles of Chairman and CEO is the most effective leadership structure for our Board and the Company at this time, our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Policies also permit a structure where the CEO would not serve contemporaneously as the Chairman of the Board should the separation of such roles be determined appropriate and in the best interests of MSCI and its shareholders in the future. Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board has adopted a written charter for each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Governance Committee and Strategy Committee setting forth the roles and responsibilities of each committee. The Board and each committee may, from time-to-time, form and delegate authority to subcommittees when appropriate. Each committee annually reviews and assesses the adequacy of its charter and recommends any proposed changes to the Board for approval. You may access these charters through the Corporate Governance link under the Investor Resources tab found on our website s Investor Relations homepage ( https://ir.msci.com ). The table below provides detail on the composition of each of our designated standing committees as of March 11, 2026. Audit Committee Compensation Committee Governance Committee Strategy Committee Henry A. Fernandez Robert G. Ashe n n Robin Matlock n n Jacques P. Perold n n Sandy C. Rattray n n Linda H. Riefler n n Michelle Seitz n Marcus L. Smith n n Rajat Taneja n Paula Volent n n June Yang n n Chair n Member 34 Corporate Governance Audit and Risk Committee Primary Responsibilities: Oversees the integrity of the Company s financial statements, internal controls over financial reporting, risk assessment and risk management (including major financial risk exposures and cybersecurity risks). Oversees the Company s internal controls over financial reporting, risk assessment and risk management. Oversees the appointment, compensation, retention, termination and oversight of the work of any accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attestation services for the Company, including the independent auditor. Evaluates the qualifications, independence and performance of the independent auditor, including obtaining a report of the independent auditor describing the items set forth in the Audit and Risk Committee s charter, including those required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Pre-approves audit and permitted non-audit services. Reviews and evaluates the internal audit plan and the performance, responsibilities, budget and staffing of the Company s internal audit function. Reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditor the annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, respectively. Establishes procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by the Company s employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, and the review of any submissions received pursuant to such procedures. Reviews reports from management relating to the status of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Reviews with management (i) the Company s key business risks, including the Company s major strategic, operational, regulatory, litigation and financial risk exposures and technology and cybersecurity risks, (ii) policies and practices with respect to risk governance, risk assessment and risk management, and (iii) the steps that have been taken to assess, monitor and control such risks. Reviews the Company s enterprise risk management program, including its risk governance framework and risk management practices that facilitate the identification, assessment, mitigation and public reporting of risks that may affect the Company. Key Areas of Focus in 2025: Risks associated with the evolving macro-economic environment, including as a result of geopolitical landscape, market uncertainty and economic outlook. Risks and opportunities related to artificial intelligence. Operational resiliency. Management of regulatory risks and opportunities. Data and technology governance, including cybersecurity and data management capabilities. Further details on the role of the Audit and Risk Committee, as well as the Audit and Risk Committee Report, may be found in Audit Matters Audit and Risk Committee Report on page 107 of this Proxy Statement. Marcus L. Smith CHAIR Current Members: Robert G. Ashe Rajat Taneja June Yang 10 Meetings held in 2025 All members are independent within the meaning of the NYSE standards of independence for directors and audit committee members. All members satisfy NYSE financial literacy requirements, each of Messrs. Ashe and Smith have accounting or other related financial management expertise, and Messrs. Ashe and Smith have been designated as audit committee financial experts, as defined by SEC rules. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Corporate Governance Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee Primary Responsibilities: Reviews the Company s compensation strategy and reviews and approves the Company s compensation and benefits programs, including reviewing and approving any incentive compensation and equity-based plans of the Company that are subject to Board approval and the Company s stock ownership guidelines for the Management Committee, which includes senior leaders from across the Company who drive MSCI s strategy and operations. Identifies, reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Company s executive officers and such other members of senior management as the Compensation Committee determines (the Executives ), including pay- for-performance alignment; sets compensation for the Executives, and evaluates each Executive s performance. Reviews and approves the compensation of the Company s CEO and each of the Company s other Executives, including: base salary; annual incentive compensation; long-term incentive compensation; employment, severance, termination and change in control agreements; and any other compensation, ongoing perquisites or special benefit items. Periodically reviews and administers the Company s compensation recoupment policies. Reviews non-employee director compensation every two years and recommends changes to the Board, when appropriate. Periodically reviews, in consultation with the CEO, the Company s management succession and progression planning and oversees the Company s talent management, progression planning, career progression and retention strategies and programs, including the Company s learning and leadership development and inclusion and belonging programs. At least annually, reviews each Executive s progress on individual performance goals. Periodically reviews the Company s initiatives and strategies relating to corporate culture, including considering the Company s performance, engagement and pay-for-performance alignment when reviewing the workplace environment and culture and periodic reviews of the results of the Company s employee engagement and external surveys. Reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Company s annual proxy statement, prepares the Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee Report required by SEC rules and recommends to the Board the inclusion of each in the Company s annual proxy statement (included on pages 58 and 89 of this Proxy Statement, respectively). Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the frequency with which the Company will conduct Say on Pay votes and reviews and approves the proposals regarding the Say on Pay vote. Considers the independence requirements of the NYSE prior to selecting a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and evaluates the performance of such advisors and approves all related fees. At least annually, reviews and assesses the adequacy of the Company s Global Human Rights Policy, including any related disclosures. Key Areas of Focus in 2025: Redesign and enhancement of executive compensation programs, including structural changes to the AIP, LTIP and equity award design to strengthen alignment with the Company s growth strategy. Senior leader succession and progression planning. Oversight and implementation of compensation plans and practices. Continued focus on the Company s performance culture and monitoring of the Company s employee engagement. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation: No member of the Compensation Committee is now, or has been, an officer or employee of the Company, or had any relationship with the Company since January 1, 2025 requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules on the disclosure of transactions with related persons. None of our NEOs currently serves or served during 2025 on the board of directors or compensation committee of another company at any time during which an executive officer of such company served on MSCI s Board or Compensation Committee. Jacques P. Perold CHAIR Current Members: Robin L. Matlock Linda H. Riefler Paula Volent 9 Meetings held in 2025 All members are independent within the meaning of the NYSE standards of independence for directors and compensation committee members. All members qualify as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. 36 Corporate Governance Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee Primary Responsibilities: Annually reviews the size and composition of the Board and its committees in light of the evolving needs of the Company and the Board, and determine whether changes are appropriate to ensure the Board maintains a balance of skills, backgrounds, perspectives and experiences necessary to support the Company s long-term strategy and effective oversight, including by considering succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles within the Board and its committees. Oversees searches for candidates for election to the Board and recommends criteria and individuals for appointment to the Board and its committees. Retains any search firm that assists the Governance Committee in identifying candidates and maintains sole authority to approve all such search firms fees and other retention terms. Makes recommendations to the Board as to determinations of director independence. Oversees and approves the process and guidelines for the annual evaluation of performance and effectiveness of the Lead Director, the Board and its committees, and individual directors. Oversees the Company s strategy and engagement in public policy matters, including legislative, regulatory and political matters that may affect the Company s business or reputation. At least annually, reviews and assesses the adequacy of the Company s Corporate Political Activities Policy, including any related disclosures, and recommends any proposed changes to the Board, if required. Oversees the Company s policies and initiatives related to corporate responsibility matters, including with respect to environmental, supply chain and other sustainability matters. Evaluates the Company s shareholder engagement practices on corporate responsibility matters and considers feedback received from shareholders. At least annually, reviews and assesses the adequacy of the Company s Corporate Governance Policies and Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. Reviews with the Company s management, including the Head of Compliance, the Company s Compliance program, priorities, initiatives, risks and mitigations. At least annually, reviews and assesses the adequacy of the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy. Reviews related person transactions pursuant to the Related Person Transactions Policy. Oversees risks related to corporate governance structures, policies and processes, including related to the effectiveness, structure and succession of the Board. Key Areas of Focus in 2025: Reviewed Board composition and Board skills. Reviewed recent corporate governance developments and proposed relevant updates to Company practices, including amendments to the Company s committee charters and Corporate Governance Policies. Reviewed the Company s corporate responsibility initiatives, including related feedback from the Company s investors. Reviewed the Company s strategy and recent engagement in public policy matters and public policy developments. Linda H. Riefler CHAIR Current Members: Robert G. Ashe Robin L. Matlock Sandy C. Rattray 4 Meetings held in 2025 All members are independent within the meaning of the NYSE standards of independence for directors. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Corporate Governance Strategy and Finance Committee Primary Responsibilities: Evaluates management s recommendations with respect to the strategic direction of the Company and regularly consults with the Board on the objectives of the Company s strategic plans and management s implementation of such plans. Reviews and makes recommendations with respect to the agenda for Board strategy meetings with management, taking into account issues important to the full Board. Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to any mergers, combinations, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority investments and other strategic transactions, and any financings for mergers, acquisitions and other significant financial transactions, in each case requiring the Board s approval. Reviews and oversees management s plans and objectives for the capital structure of the Company, including target short- and long-term leverage levels and the structure and amount of debt and equity required to meet the Company s financing needs, and make recommendations to the Board as appropriate. Oversees the Company s share repurchase programs, subject to Board-approved policies. Reviews the Company s capital levels and recommends for approval by the Board changes to the Company s dividend policy. Key Areas of Focus in 2025: Provided oversight of the Company s capital allocation program, including with respect to its approach to share repurchases, financing considerations and increasing the Company s quarterly dividend. Focused on the competitive landscape, including opportunities and competitor positioning related to artificial intelligence, and reviewed merger, partnership and acquisition opportunities. Collaborated closely with management to design and structure the Board s two-day strategy session, to ensure alignment with internal investments and growth opportunities. Sandy C. Rattray CHAIR Current Members: Jacques P. Perold Michelle Seitz Marcus L. Smith Paula Volent 5 Meetings held in 2025 All members are independent within the meaning of the NYSE standards of independence for directors. 38 Corporate Governance Engagement and Evaluation of Our Board Attendance at Board Meetings and Annual Meeting of Shareholders Each director attended at least 8 8 4 75 percent Board meetings Executive Sessions, which followed the Board meetings occasions where the Board took action by unanimous written consent of the total Board meetings and committee meetings on which the director served that were held while the director was a member Our Board met eight times, held independent director executive sessions following all eight meetings and took action by written consent on four occasions during 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the total meetings of the Board and committees on which the director served that were held while the director was a member. Discussions between the Board and management on strategic direction, new business opportunities and the scope and mix of the Company s products were held at each quarterly Board meeting. In addition to formal meetings, members of our Board informally interact with senior management on a periodic basis and participate in director education sessions. Our Corporate Governance Policies state that directors are expected to attend the annual meetings of shareholders. In 2025, eleven of our twelve directors who were on the Board at the time attended our annual meeting of shareholders. Independent Director Meetings Our Corporate Governance Policies provide that our Lead Director will preside over non-employee director sessions. Mr. Ashe presided over independent director sessions following all Board meetings during 2025. The Board s standing committees also have a practice of holding executive sessions after their quarterly meetings. Our Corporate Governance Policies further provide that if any non-employee directors are not independent, then the independent directors will meet at least once a year in an independent director session and the Lead Director will preside over each such independent director session. During 2025, all non-employee directors were independent. Director Education and Orientation Program Directors are encouraged and provided with opportunities to attend educational sessions on subjects that can assist them in performing their duties. Pursuant to the Director Education Policy, the Company will reimburse directors for reasonable costs incurred from attending these sessions. Directors also participate in an annual review of leading corporate governance practices by corporate governance experts, briefing sessions on topics that present special risks and opportunities and regular updates on accounting topics. The Company is also part of a peer-engaged program designed to enhance director performance, and we leverage virtual platforms to provide deep-dive sessions on certain aspects of MSCI s business outside of quarterly meetings including on emerging and strategically important topics. In 2025, we conducted board education sessions to strengthen the Board s expertise on cybersecurity, strategy process and client coverage. Education topics are identified based on the evolving needs of the business and the Board s oversight responsibilities. All new directors participate in a director orientation program