=== MSCI_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 31 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 31 Item 2. Properties 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 33 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 33 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 Item 6. [Reserved] 35 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 36 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 59 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 95 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 95 Item 9B. Other Information 96 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 96 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 97 Item 11. Executive Compensation 97 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 97 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 98 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 98 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 99 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 102 Except as the context otherwise indicates, the terms “MSCI,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to MSCI Inc. together with its subsidiaries. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us, as well as those owned by others. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics and other MSCI brands and product names are the trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of MSCI, its subsidiaries or licensors in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS We have included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and from time to time may make in our public filings, press releases or other public statements, certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements. In addition, our management may make forward-looking statements to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and represent only MSCI’s beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “may,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue,” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Statements concerning our financial position, business strategy and plans or objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond our control and that could materially affect our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Such risks and uncertainties include those set forth under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if MSCI’s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from what MSCI projected. Any forward-looking statement reflects our current views with respect to future events levels of activity, performance or achievements and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the time they are made and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. MSCI assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Therefore, readers should carefully review the risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports or documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). 1 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview Our research-based data, analytics and indexes, supported by advanced technology, set standards for global investors and help our clients understand risks and opportunities, make better investment decisions and unlock innovation. Investors all over the world use our tools and solutions to gain insights and improve transparency throughout their investment processes. Our offerings help them define their investment universe; make asset allocation decisions; construct and analyze portfolios and investment strategies; identify, measure and manage drivers of investment risk and performance; integrate sustainability and climate considerations into portfolio construction and risk management; design and manage indexed financial products such as exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”); and prepare regulatory and client reports. Our products and services include indexes; portfolio construction and risk management analytical models and tools; sustainability and climate solutions; and private asset data and analytics. We are focused on supporting investors’ total portfolio needs across asset classes through our integrated solutions. We use advanced technology, including artificial intelligence (“AI”), to improve how we collect and validate data and enhance the capabilities and insights we deliver to clients. Our client-centric focus and deep understanding of client needs, challenges and goals help us anticipate and respond to industry trends. We consider the distinct needs of different client types when developing our tools and solutions. We operate an integrated business across all functions, products and solutions, and we are dedicated to delivering service excellence, innovative research and content, and flexible, cutting-edge technology. Clients We serve many client types across the global investment ecosystem and align our tools and solutions to support their data, analytical, research and workflow needs. Our client types include: • Asset managers, including managers of institutional funds and accounts, mutual funds, ETFs, and other public-market strategies, as well as private-markets general partners • Banks and brokerages, including banks, broker-dealers, custodians, proprietary market makers and fund administrators • Asset owners, including pension funds, endowments, foundations, investment consultants, central banks, sovereign wealth funds and single family offices • Hedge fund managers, including of equity hedge funds, fixed income hedge funds, multi-strategy hedge funds and multi-manager hedge funds • Wealth managers, including wealth management divisions of broker-dealers, RIAs, private banks, multi-family offices, digital wealth and brokerage platforms • Insurance companies, including reinsurers • Others, including exchanges; vendors; real estate professionals, such as brokers, agents and developers; academic institutions; and corporates, including public and private companies, and their advisors As of December 31, 2025, we served approximately 6,800 clients 1 in more than 100 countries. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our largest client organization by revenue, BlackRock, accounted for 10.8% of our consolidated operating revenues, with 96.5% of the operating revenues from BlackRock coming from fees based on the assets in BlackRock’s ETFs and non-ETF products that are based on our indexes . Industry Trends and Competitive Advantages We believe we are strongly positioned to benefit from emerging trends and to help our clients adapt to changes in the investment industry. Investing has grown in complexity, with more choices across asset classes, security types and geographies, a wider array of risks and opportunities, and increased demand for customized portfolios that are tailored to client-specific objectives 1 Reflects the aggregation of all related client entities under their respective parent client entity. At acquisition, we align an acquired company’s client count to our methodology. 2 Table of Contents and constraints. In addition, portfolio design and management are becoming increasingly outcome-oriented, rules-based and technology-driven. As a result, the investment process is transforming, which is reflected in several key trends: • Changing client strategies and operating models, influenced by fee compression, changing demographics, economic outlooks and the regulatory environment; • Use of global, multi-asset-class and other complex strategies, including integration of public and private assets and factor exposure objectives into investment strategies; • Need for high-quality data, insightful models and timely research, particularly during times of volatility and uncertainty; • Growth of indexed investing, including through ETFs (including active and fixed income ETFs) and indexed derivatives (including futures, options, structured products and over-the-counter swaps); • Demand for data and tools that support customized portfolio construction and specialized preferences and objectives, including custom indexes; • Integration of sustainability and climate risk and performance considerations into investment processes, reporting and product creation; • Allocation of capital to private assets and demand for greater transparency and standardization of the drivers of private asset risk and performance; • Disclosure requirements that necessitate high-quality data and streamlined reporting solutions; • Use of advanced technologies, including AI, to enhance products, improve analytics, collect and evaluate data, derive insights, improve client experiences, streamline operations and gain competitive advantages. We believe the following competitive advantages position us well to meet client demands in light of these trends: • Differentiated research-enhanced conten t provides our clients with insights to better navigate a complex, fast-changing investment landscape. We are continually developing a wide range of differentiated content and have amassed an extensive database of global market data; proprietary index data; sustainability and climate data and metrics; factor models; private asset performance, transaction and benchmark data, including fund- and asset-level data; and risk algorithms, all of which can be critical to our clients’ investment processes. • Client-centricity allows us to build strong client relationships globally and better understand and serve client needs. Our client coverage team maintains trusted relationships with senior executives and investment professionals. We regularly consult with clients and other market participants to discuss their needs, investment trends and implications for our research, product development and client servicing goals. • Proprietary content, delivered at scale through flexible technology and AI. Our proprietary data and research underpin our solutions. We use advanced technology, including AI, to strengthen data quality, expand coverage and accelerate how we deliver insights generated from our proprietary content. Our commitment to open and flexible technology allows us to process data more efficiently and deliver platform flexibility, integrating into our clients’ workflows through APIs, data feeds and cloud delivery. We also partner with global technology companies to accelerate the development of our AI capabilities to enhance our solutions, insights and the client experience. Strategy We provide critical tools and solutions that enable investors to navigate the complexities of the investment process, better understand drivers of performance and risk, and build portfolios more effectively and efficiently to achieve their unique investment objectives. We are focused on the following key initiatives: • Extend leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes. We develop innovative solutions that incorporate proprietary and differentiated content. In addition to enhancing our position as a leading provider of tools and solutions for equity investors globally, we are focused on continuing to grow and enhance our content for other asset classes and strategies, including private assets, sustainability and climate, thematics, factors, fixed income and liquidity. We believe these areas represent significant long-term growth opportunities and are necessary to deliver total portfolio solutions that enable an integrated view of risk and return across asset classes, strategies, and public and private markets. • Grow strategic client relationships and expand presence across new client types. We aim to be a strategic partner to our clients by anticipating their needs, offering differentiated solutions and insights, and delivering a seamless client experience. While maintaining our strong position with asset managers, we are also focused on expanding our presence with hedge funds, wealth managers, banks and broker-dealers, asset owners, insurance companies, corporates and proprietary market makers, each representing distinct growth opportunities with specialized needs we believe we are uniquely positioned to address. 3 Table of Contents • Apply AI to accelerate product innovation. We are applying AI across our organization to enhance and accelerate content creation, data processing and analytics, and development of differentiated products and solutions. • Expand solutions that empower client customization . We are expanding solutions that enable clients to tailor their unique risk and return preferences, sustainability goals and investment strategies across asset classes, geographies and themes, to meet their diverse and evolving needs. These solutions include custom index capabilities that allow clients to translate investment views, constraints or regulatory requirements into benchmarks and other index-linked products. • Lead the enablement of sustainability and climate investment integration by delivering data, insights and applications that help clients identify, assess and manage financially material sustainability and climate risks and opportunities. Through our integrated business model and operations, we also utilize our sustainability and climate data and research in our index, analytics and private asset offerings. • Enhance distribution and content-enabling technology. We are developing advanced technology to drive efficiency, accelerate innovation and enhance client experience. We are prioritizing open, scalable distribution that allows clients to access and integrate MSCI content and analytical tools into their own platforms and workflows, including through APIs, data vendors and third-party distribution partners, as well as cloud-based tools. • Execute strategic partnerships and acquisitions with complementary data, content and technology companies. We regularly evaluate and selectively pursue strategic partnerships with, and acquisitions of, providers of unique and differentiated data, content, products and technologies that we believe can enhance or expand our offerings, capabilities and client base. Financial Model We have an attractive financial model due to our recurring revenue and strong cash generation. Clients purchase our products and services primarily through recurring fixed and variable fee arrangements, which historically have contributed to stable revenue and greater cash flow predictability, although variable fees may fluctuate with market levels and client activity. Our disciplined capital allocation policy provides us with flexibility to balance investment in our business, acquisitions and shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchases. See Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Overview” and Note 1, “Introduction and Basis of Presentation— Significant Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition ,” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for information on how we generate revenue and our revenue recognition policy. Segments For the year ended December 31, 2025, we had the following five operating segments: Index, Analytics, Sustainability and Climate, Real Assets and Private Capital Solutions, which are presented as the following three reportable segments: Index, Analytics, and Sustainability and Climate. For reporting purposes, the Real Assets and Private Capital Solutions operating segments are combined and presented as All Other – Private Assets, as they did not meet the required thresholds for separate reportable segment disclosure. In the first quarter of 2025 we retitled our “ESG and Climate” operating and reportable segment as “Sustainability and Climate” to reflect the breadth of our product offerings. The change did not affect the composition of our operating or reportable segments or our historical segment results. Index Clients use our indexes to support many areas of the investment process, including for developing indexed financial products (e.g., ETFs, mutual funds, annuities, futures, options, structured products, over-the-counter derivatives), performance benchmarking, portfolio construction and rebalancing, asset allocation, and creating custom indexes. Our index families span multiple asset classes, geographies and investment strategies. Clients can access our index data directly from MSCI or through third-party vendors worldwide. Our index product offerings include: • MSCI Market Cap Indexes . MSCI Market Cap Indexes are designed to measure the performance of global equity markets. As of December 31, 2025, we calculated indexes that covered more than 80 developed, emerging, frontier and standalone equity markets, as well as various global, regional, sector and industry indexes built from these market indexes. • Factor Indexes. Factor Indexes seek to reflect the performance characteristics of a range of investment styles and strategies, such as momentum or value. These indexes include stocks that demonstrate high exposure to the target 4 Table of Contents factor. In addition to single factor indexes, we offer multiple-factor indexes for investors with diversified multi-factor strategies. • Fixed Income Indexes . Fixed Income Indexes include both investment grade and high-yield securities across a number of currencies that reflect the performance of credit markets generally, or specific investment strategies, including climate-focused or factor strategies. • Private Asset Indexes . MSCI Private Asset Indexes enable investors to assess the performance of unlisted assets across private equity, credit, real estate, infrastructure and natural resources and facilitate a holistic view across public and private markets. Certain of our Private Asset Index products are reported under All Other – Private Assets. • Sustainability Indexes. Sustainability Indexes seek to support the needs of sustainable investing strategies by applying specific screening and eligibility criteria relevant to the target investment goals. • Climate Indexes . Climate Indexes are designed to support climate focused investment strategies and can help investors seeking to align with global climate goals as defined by the Paris Agreement. • Thematic Indexes. Thematic Indexes are designed to measure the performance of companies associated with certain macroeconomic, geopolitical, technological or other trends. These indexes can target areas of interest under megatrend categories such as the environment, healthcare and lifestyle. Examples of our Thematic Indexes include indexes covering the digital economy, efficient energy, genomic innovation and smart cities. • Custom Indexes. Custom Indexes are calculated by applying additional criteria specified by the client – such as stock exclusion lists, currency hedging rules, tax rates or special weighting – to an underlying MSCI index. Investors use custom indexes to create tailored benchmarks, support direct indexing, design structured products and custom baskets, and implement active ETF strategies, and can update designs over time as objectives evolve. Our Index segment also includes revenues from licenses of GICS Direct , the global industry classification standard jointly developed and maintained by MSCI and S&P Dow Jones Indices, a division of S&P Global Inc. GICS is widely accepted as an industry analysis framework for investment research, portfolio management and asset allocation. GICS Direct is a dataset comprised of companies and securities classified by sector, industry group, industry and sub-industry in accordance with the proprietary GICS methodology. The MSCI Sector Indexes are comprised of GICS sector, industry group, and industry indexes across countries and regions in Developed, Emerging and select Frontier markets. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 57.0% of our revenues were attributable to our Index segment. A majority of those revenues were attributable to annual, recurring subscriptions. A portion of our revenues comes from clients who use our indexes as the basis for indexed investment products. Such fees are primarily based on a client’s assets under management (“AUM”) or trading volumes and are referred to herein as asset-based fees. Since market movement and investment trends impact our asset-based fees, our revenues from asset-based fees are subject to volatility. For the year ended December 31, 2025, asset-based fees accounted for 43.1% of the total revenues for our Index segment. Analytics Our Analytics segment offers risk management, performance attribution and portfolio management content, applications and services that provide clients with an integrated view of risk and return and tools for analyzing market, credit, liquidity, counterparty and climate risk across all major asset classes, including public and private securities, spanning short-, medium- and long-term time horizons. Our offerings also support clients’ various regulatory reporting needs. Our Analytics tools and capabilities include the following: models to support factor-based analytics (e.g., Barra equity models and fixed income and multi-asset class (“MAC”) models), pricing models and single security analytics, time series-based analytics, stress testing, performance attribution, portfolio optimization and liquidity risk analytics, as well as underlying inputs such as interest rate and credit curves. We continue to develop new and improved tools and capabilities in response to the evolving needs of our clients. In addition, our analytics capabilities are helping fuel growth in key areas across our business, such as our factor indexes, climate risk reporting solutions and factor risk analytics on private assets. Our clients can access our Analytics tools and content through our proprietary applications and APIs, third-party applications or directly through their own platforms. Our Analytics solutions provide clients with tools to construct and manage portfolios, including integrated market data from multiple third parties as well as content from MSCI’s other segments, which significantly 5 Table of Contents reduces the operational burden on clients to independently source this information and populate it in our Analytics products. Our key Analytics products include: • RiskMetrics RiskManager . RiskMetrics RiskManager provides risk analytics across a broad range of publicly traded instruments and private assets. Clients use RiskManager for daily analysis, including: Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) simulation; measuring and monitoring market and liquidity risk at position, fund and firm levels; sensitivity analysis and stress testing; interactive what-if analysis; counterparty credit exposure; and regulatory risk reporting. • BarraOne . Powered by our MAC Barra factor model, BarraOne provides clients with MAC risk and performance analytics and helps clients manage exposures across public and private asset classes. BarraOne allows clients to build equity, fixed income, and MAC portfolios, integrated with MSCI’s indexes, sustainability and climate data. • Barra PortfolioManager. Barra PortfolioManager is an integrated risk, performance and portfolio-construction interactive platform with a flexible user interface that enables our clients to design investment strategies and build portfolios, and to share analytics and reports across their organizations. It is used by equity fund managers and their teams to gain additional portfolio insight and manage their investment processes more systematically. • RiskMetrics WealthBench and RiskMetrics CreditManager . RiskMetrics WealthBench is a web-based platform used by private banks, financial advisers, brokerages and trust companies to help wealth managers assess portfolio risk, construct asset allocation policies and create comprehensive client proposals. RiskMetrics CreditManager is a portfolio credit risk management system used primarily by banks to quantify portfolio credit risk by capturing market exposure, rating changes and default risk. • AI Portfolio Insights . Our AI Portfolio Insights offering calculates, stores, and delivers a broad range of risk, performance, climate, and sustainability measures to help investors identify trends and respond to market changes. The tool features a generative AI-powered chatbot to deliver risk insights and is designed to enhance speed, efficiency and collaboration. • MSCI Wealth Manager . MSCI Wealth Manager, formerly known as Fabric, offers a technology platform for wealth managers for portfolio design, customization and analytics. Our Analytics segment also provides various managed services to help clients operate more efficiently, including consolidation of client portfolio data from various sources, review and reconciliation of input data and results, and customized reporting, including sustainability and climate reporting. In addition, our RiskMetrics HedgePlatform service allows clients such as funds of funds, pension funds and endowments who invest in hedge funds to measure, evaluate and monitor the risk of their hedge fund investments across multiple hedge fund strategies. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 22.8% of our revenues were attributable to our Analytics segment. Sustainability and Climate The Sustainability and Climate segment offers products and services that help institutional investors understand how sustainability considerations can impact the long-term risk and return of their portfolios and individual security-level investments. Investors commonly use our Sustainability and Climate solutions in their investment processes to help assess financial risks and opportunities, inform their asset allocation and portfolio construction decisions, and support regulatory and client reporting. Our Sustainability and Climate research team analyzes over 9,000 2 entities worldwide, and we will continue to expand and deepen our coverage, including to address a broader set of emerging risks and opportunities. Our clients include asset managers, asset owners, wealth managers, banks, insurers, consultants, advisers, regulators, central banks and corporates. Our Sustainability and Climate offerings include: • MSCI ESG Ratings . Our ESG ratings aim to measure a company’s resilience to long-term ESG risks. Companies are scored on an industry-relative scale across the most relevant key ESG issues based on a company’s business model. MSCI ESG Ratings include ratings of equity issuers and fixed income securities. In assigning an MSCI ESG Rating, we collect the most relevant, publicly available data and assess the most significant ESG risks a company faces. Investors use MSCI ESG Ratings for a variety of purposes, including to assist with fundamental or quantitative analysis, portfolio construction and risk management, engagement and thought leadership, benchmarking and custom index design. • MSCI Business Involvement Screening Research . MSCI Business Involvement Screening Research is a screening service that enables institutional investors to manage sustainability and climate standards and restrictions reliably 2 Does not include subsidiary-level companies. 6 Table of Contents and efficiently. Asset managers, investment advisers and asset owners can access screening research through the online MSCI ONE platform or a data feed to support alignment with their investment guidelines, implement client mandates or manage potential portfolio risks. • MSCI Climate Solutions . Investors and issuers utilize our climate data and tools to support their investment decision making. These activities can include measuring and reporting on climate risk exposure, implementing low-carbon or fossil-fuel-free strategies, factoring climate change research into risk management processes and engaging companies and external stakeholders. • GeoSpatial Asset Intelligence . Our Geospatial Asset Intelligence tool helps clients, including investors and lenders, explore location-specific exposures and quantify financial impact, including for physical and nature-related risks. It provides drill-down insights into individual real asset locations, to support risk management, due diligence, regulatory compliance and engagement. • MSCI Sustainability and Climate Regulatory Solutions . MSCI Sustainability and Climate Regulatory Solutions help investors and other capital-markets participants stay informed of sustainability and climate regulatory requirements and simplify reporting, with tools to support mandatory and voluntary disclosures. Sustainability and climate data provided to our clients are

=== MSCI_2026-04-21.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors For a discussion of the risk factors affecting the Company, see “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. There have been no material changes to the risk factors and uncertainties known to the Company and disclosed in the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, that, if they were to materialize or occur, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on MSCI’s business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2026. The table below presents information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company of its shares of common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) (3) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 89,585 $ 574.57 89,585 $ 2,066 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 421,259 $ 559.08 396,399 $ 1,846 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 229,927 $ 555.86 229,927 $ 1,718 Total 740,771 $ 559.96 715,911 $ 1,718 ___________________________ (1) Includes, when applicable, (i) shares purchased by the Company on the open market under the stock repurchase program; (ii) shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations on behalf of employees that occur upon vesting and delivery of outstanding shares underlying restricted stock units; and (iii) shares held in treasury under the MSCI Inc. Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan. The value of shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations was determined using the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of withholding, using a valuation methodology established by the Company. (2) Excludes 1% excise tax incurred on share repurchases. (3) See Note 9, “Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit),” of the Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information regarding our stock repurchase program. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers, as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act, adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. 39 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33812), filed with the SEC on May 4, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Form 10-K (File No. 001-33812), filed with the SEC on February 9, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein) † 10.1 MSCI Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan, adopted May 28, 2015 and amended and restated F ebruary 25, 2026 † 10.2 MSCI Inc. Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines 10.3 Amendment to Index License Agreement for Exchange Traded Funds, dated as of January 27, 2026, between MSCI Inc., MSCI Limited and BlackRock Fund Advisors (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 28, 2026 and incorporated by reference herein) * 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer * 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer ** 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer * 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. * 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document * 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document * 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document * 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document * 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ___________________________ * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. † Indicates a management compensation plan, contract or arrangement. 40 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: April 21, 2026 MSCI INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Andrew C. Wiechmann Andrew C. Wiechmann Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 41 