=== TMO_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report and our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders speak only as of the dates on which they are made. While the company may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, in the event of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law. Item 1. Business Description of Business Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (also referred to in this document as Thermo Fisher, we, the company, or the registrant ) is the world leader in serving science. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We serve customers working in pharmaceutical and biotech companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, universities, research institutions and government agencies, as well as environmental, industrial, research and development, quality and process control settings. Our global team delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD. We continuously increase our depth of capabilities across our broad portfolio of innovative products and services and leverage our extensive global channels to address our customers needs. We do this through organic investments in research and development, capacity and capabilities and through acquisitions. Our goal is to enable our customers to be more productive in an increasingly competitive business environment, enable them to accelerate innovation, solve their challenges and advance their important work. Business Segments and Products We report our business in four segments: Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services. Life Sciences Solutions Segment Through our Life Sciences Solutions segment, we provide an extensive portfolio of reagents, instruments and consumables used in biological and medical research, discovery and production of new drugs and vaccines as well as diagnosis of disease. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agricultural, clinical, healthcare, academic, and government markets. Life Sciences Solutions includes three primary businesses: biosciences, genetic sciences, and bioproduction. 3 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Our biosciences business includes reagents, instruments and consumables that help our customers conduct biological and medical research in areas such as molecular biology and protein biology, discover new drugs and vaccines, and enable the diagnosis of disease. Our genetic sciences business combines a wide variety of instruments and related reagents used to provide high-value genomic and proteomic solutions to assist customer decisions in the research, clinical, healthcare and applied markets. Our bioproduction business provides solutions for both the production of biologics and industrial manufacturing, and offers a comprehensive portfolio of premium solutions and services focused on upstream cell culture, downstream purification, analytics for detection, quantitation, filtration and separation of process/product impurities, and a suite of single-use solutions spanning the biologics workflow. Analytical Instruments Segment Through our Analytical Instruments segment, we provide a broad offering of instruments and the supporting consumables, software and services that are used for a range of applications. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government, environmental and other research and industrial markets, as well as the clinical laboratory. This segment includes three primary businesses: chromatography and mass spectrometry, chemical analysis, and electron microscopy. Our chromatography and mass spectrometry business develops and provides analytical instrumentation for organic and inorganic sample analysis across both applied technologies and scientific research. Our chemical analysis products fall into three main categories: production, process and analytics; field and safety instruments; and environmental and process instruments. Our electron microscopy business serves customers in the life sciences, materials sciences, and semiconductor markets providing leading research tools; and also, in the semiconductor market provides integrated workflows that power research and development and production solutions. Specialty Diagnostics Segment Our Specialty Diagnostics segment offers a wide range of diagnostic test kits, reagents, culture media, instruments and associated products to serve customers in healthcare, clinical, pharmaceutical, industrial, and food safety laboratories. Our healthcare products are used to increase the speed and accuracy of diagnoses, which improves patient care in a more cost-efficient manner. This segment has five primary businesses: clinical diagnostics, immunodiagnostics, microbiology, transplant diagnostics and our healthcare market channel. Our clinical diagnostics products include a broad offering of liquid, ready-to-use and lyophilized immunodiagnostic reagent kits, calibrators, controls, protein detection assays, and instruments. Such products are used for, among other things, drugs-of-abuse testing, therapeutic drug monitoring, thyroid hormone testing, sepsis screening, serum toxicity, first trimester screening, tumor markers testing, and the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma. Our immunodiagnostics offerings include developing, manufacturing and marketing complete blood-test systems to support the clinical diagnosis and monitoring of allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases. Our microbiology offerings include dehydrated and prepared culture media, collection and transport systems, instrumentation and consumables to detect pathogens in blood, diagnostic and rapid direct specimen tests, quality-control products and associated products for the microbiology laboratory. Our transplant diagnostics products include human leukocyte antigen typing and testing for the organ transplant market. Our healthcare market channel offerings include a broad array of consumables, diagnostic kits and reagents, equipment, instruments, solutions and services for hospitals, clinical laboratories, reference laboratories, physicians offices and other clinical testing facilities. Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services Segment Our Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment offers virtually everything needed for the laboratory. Our unique combination of self-manufactured and sourced products and extensive service offering enables our customers to focus on their core activities and helps them to be more innovative, productive and cost-efficient. The segment also includes a comprehensive offering of outsourced services used by the pharmaceutical and biotech industries for drug development, clinical research, clinical trials services and commercial drug manufacturing. We serve the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government and other research and industrial markets, as well as the clinical laboratory market through four key businesses: laboratory products, research and safety market channel, pharma services and clinical research. Our laboratory products include lab consumables, equipment and chemicals that are used for life science research and drug discovery and development to advance the prevention and cure of diseases and enhance quality of life. Our research and safety market channel offers a mix of products that are manufactured by Thermo Fisher, by third parties for us on a private-label basis, and by third parties under their brands but offered for sale through us. Our pharma services business provides the entire spectrum of development, manufacturing and clinical trials services for both small-molecule and large-molecule pharmaceuticals. Our clinical research business offers comprehensive, integrated clinical development and analytical services including all phases of development (i.e., Phases I-IV), peri- and post-approval and site and patient access services. 4 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Sales and Marketing We market and sell our products and services through a direct sales force, customer-service professionals, electronic commerce and third-party distributors. Our global team delivers a combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD. We have approximately 14,000 sales personnel including highly trained technical specialists who enable us to better meet the needs of our more technical end-users. We also provide customers with product standardization and other supply-chain-management services to reduce procurement costs. New Products and Research and Development Our business includes the development and introduction of new products and may include entry into new business segments. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant expenditures for research and development (R D) as we seek to provide a continuing flow of innovative products to maintain and improve our competitive position. Our R D efforts focus on developing new technologies, enhancing the performance and usability of existing offerings, and expanding the applications for which our products are used. These activities include internal development programs, initiatives leveraging licensed or acquired technologies, and collaborations with leading research institutions around the world. Our R D programs are aligned with the needs of each major business and are critical to maintaining our competitive position and supporting our long-term growth strategy. Resources Raw Materials Our management team believes that we have a readily available supply of raw materials for all of our significant products from various sources. No single supplier is material, although for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design, certain materials components may be sourced from a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such materials or components. Raw material and fuel prices are subject to fluctuations due to market conditions. We employ many strategies, including the use of alternative materials, to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations on our results. Patents, Licenses and Trademarks Patents are important in many aspects of our business. No particular patent, or related group of patents, is so important, however, that its loss would significantly affect our operations as a whole. Where appropriate, we seek patent protection for inventions and developments made by our personnel that are incorporated into our products or otherwise fall within our fields of interest. Patent rights resulting from work sponsored by outside parties do not always accrue exclusively to the company and may be limited by agreements or contracts. We protect some of our technology as trade secrets and, where appropriate, we use trademarks or register trademarks used in connection with products. We also enter into license agreements with others to grant and/or receive rights to intellectual property. We own or license copyrights in or to copyrightable subject matter, including graphic images and software, used or referenced herein. All trademarks, trade names, product names, slogans and logos of Thermo Fisher contained herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Thermo Fisher or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in the United States and/or other countries. Solely for convenience, we may refer to trademarks in this Annual Report without the and symbols. Such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent permitted by law, our rights to our trademarks. To the extent other trademarks appear in this Annual Report, they are the property of their respective owners. Seasonal Influences Revenues in the fourth quarter are historically stronger than in other quarters due to the capital spending patterns of industrial, pharmaceutical and government customers. Sales of seasonal products, such as allergy and flu tests and related diagnostic products, vary quarter to quarter and year to year. Competition The company encounters aggressive and able competition in virtually all of the markets we serve. Because of the diversity of our products and services, we face many different types of competitors and competition. Our competitors include a broad range of manufacturers, third-party distributors and service providers. Competitive climates in many of the markets we serve are characterized by changing technology and customer demands that require continuing research and development. Our success primarily depends on the following factors: 5 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. technical performance and advances in technology (including artificial intelligence) that result in new products and services, and improved price/performance ratios; product and service differentiation, availability and reliability; the depth of our capabilities; our reputation among customers as a quality provider of products and services; customer service and support; active research and application-development programs; and relative prices of our products and services. Government Regulation Environmental Regulations We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in the United States and other countries. U.S. federal environmental legislation that affects us includes the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA). We are also subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) concerning employee safety and health matters. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA), OSHA, and other federal agencies have the authority to promulgate regulations that have an effect on our operations. In addition to these federal laws and regulations, various states have been delegated certain authority under the aforementioned federal statutes and have authority over these matters under state laws. Many state and local governments have adopted environmental and employee safety and health laws and regulations, some of which are similar to federal requirements. A number of our operations involve the handling, manufacturing, use or sale of substances that are or could be classified as toxic or hazardous materials within the meaning of applicable laws. Consequently, some risk of environmental harm is inherent in our operations and products, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. Our expenses for environmental requirements are incurred generally for ongoing compliance and historical remediation matters. Based on current information, we believe that these compliance costs are not material. For historical remediation obligations, our expenditures relate primarily to the cost of permitting, installing, and operating and maintaining groundwater-treatment systems and other remedial measures. Our Fair Lawn and Somerville, New Jersey facilities entered into administrative consent orders with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection in 1984 to maintain groundwater-remediation activities at these sites, and are currently under the State s Licensed Site Remediation Professional Program. As the owner of the Fair Lawn facility, we are listed as a potentially responsible party for remediation within an area called the Fair Lawn Wellfields Superfund Site, and, in 2008, the company and certain other parties entered into a consent order with the USEPA to complete a Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study. In 2018, the USEPA issued a Record of Decision, setting forth the scope of required remediation work at the site, which includes upgrading a water treatment plant to address constituents such as chlorinated organic compounds, 1,4-dioxane, and perfluorooctanoic acid/perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOA/PFOS). In 2020, the court approved a consent decree that requires the company and another responsible party to finance and perform the required remediation work with USEPA oversight. In 2023, the design of a groundwater treatment plant was fully approved by USEPA. Construction of the plant was completed in 2025 and following a 6-month testing and verification period, the Borough of Fair Lawn took ownership and operation and maintenance (O M) of the plant in January 2026. Along with the other responsible party, the company will continue to finance the O M and perform groundwater monitoring under USEPA oversight. In 2011, our Life Technologies subsidiary entered into a consent decree with the USEPA and other responsible parties to implement a groundwater remedy at the former Davis Landfill Superfund site in Smithfield, Rhode Island. After years of additional study, in September, 2020, USEPA revised its cleanup plan by selecting an interim remedial approach that includes groundwater treatment followed by additional monitoring of site conditions. Depending on the results of these treatment and monitoring activities over the next several years, USEPA anticipates selecting a final groundwater remedy for the site. In November 2021, the 2011 consent decree was amended to reflect the parties obligations to implement USEPA s interim remedy, for which pre-design work was completed and approved by the agencies in 2025, and the remedial action is expected to commence in 2026. We record accruals for environmental liabilities based on current interpretations of environmental laws and regulations when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated. We calculate estimates based upon several factors, including reports prepared by environmental specialists and management s knowledge and experience with these environmental matters. We include in these estimates potential costs for investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance of cleanup sites. Accrued liabilities for environmental matters totaled $86 million at December 31, 2025. 6 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. These environmental liabilities do not include third-party recoveries to which we may be entitled. We believe that our accrual is adequate for the environmental liabilities we currently expect to incur. As a result, we believe that our ultimate liability with respect to environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, we may be subject to remedial or compliance costs due to future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations, and the effect of changes in accounting rules, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that the company s operations, products and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, refer to Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Laws and Regulations Our operations, and some of the products and services we offer, are subject to a number of complex and stringent laws and regulations governing the development, testing, approval, production, handling, transportation and distribution of chemicals, drugs and other similar products, including the operating and security standards of the Food and Drug Administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and various state boards of pharmacy as well as comparable state and foreign agencies. As Thermo Fisher s businesses also include export and import activities, we are subject to pertinent laws enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State and Treasury. In addition, our logistics activities must comply with the rules and regulations of the Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration and similar foreign agencies. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, any noncompliance could result in substantial fines or otherwise restrict our ability to provide competitive distribution services and thereby have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To date, no such laws or regulations have had a material impact on our operations. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products and services to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could also result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. We are subject to a broad and evolving set of global requirements related to data privacy, cybersecurity and the responsible use of emerging technologies such as generative artificial intelligence (AI). These include comprehensive frameworks such as the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the EU s AI Act, U.S. federal and state privacy and security laws (including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) for certain operations), and data-localization or cross-border transfer restrictions in various international markets. Governments in the EU, U.S. and other jurisdictions are also advancing new regulations that govern transparency, risk management and data practices associated with AI systems. As these regulatory regimes continue to develop, we maintain policies and controls designed to support compliance and protect the data entrusted to us. For a discussion of risks related to changes in governmental regulations, refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. Human Capital The success of Thermo Fisher is fueled by colleagues who are highly engaged and feel empowered to achieve their goals. Everything we do starts with our Mission - to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Our colleagues understand the role they play in fulfilling that Mission and that inspires them to bring their best to work each day. Our Mission is not only a differentiator for us externally, but a motivator for us internally. Our culture is a competitive advantage and is rooted in our 4i Values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement. Our values are woven into our ways of working, embedded in every stage of our colleague lifecycle - from recruiting to onboarding, training, development and longer-term career planning. Within this framework, we strive to create a safe, fair and positive working environment for our colleagues around the world. We want our teams to feel they have a stake in our success, a voice in our direction and to be empowered to make a difference for the key stakeholders we serve. We also prioritize engagement, empowerment and continuous improvement to enable colleagues to contribute, collaborate and innovate. To advance this goal, we conduct an annual Employee Involvement Survey to solicit direct feedback from our colleagues on what we re doing well and where we need to improve. We then compile the feedback to measure our progress using three key indices: Leadership, Involvement and Inclusion. Our continued focus on enhancing our culture helps position our company to be an even better place to work. 7 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. We are committed to maintaining the strongest team in our industry, focusing on developing and retaining our colleagues, while leveraging our Mission and leadership brand to attract new colleagues to our company. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 125,000 colleagues globally, with an approximate regional distribution as follows: 59,000 based in the Americas, 22,000 in the Asia-Pacific region, and 44,000 in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). In today s environment, we know talent is a key differentiator, and that building the strongest team in the industry is critical to our future. Our overarching goal from a talent perspective is to create opportunities for our colleagues to achieve their full potential and career aspirations here at Thermo Fisher. We encourage and support colleagues to enhance their skills, so they are in the best position to deliver on their goals and achieve their career objectives. From our colleague referral program, summer internships, university relations, to our Graduate Leadership Development Program, we continue to build strong internal and external talent channels. Once on board, talent development at Thermo Fisher is a key organizational capability. We continue to make significant investments to support our colleagues along every step of their career journey. Our talent development framework incorporates a multi-faceted approach, including formal and self-paced training, networking opportunities, on-the-job stretch learning, coaching, mentoring and manager training utilizing contemporary technology solutions to support the broad needs of our workforce. We provide multiple programs at all career levels, from online learning for all colleagues through Thermo Fisher University, to focused trainings for managers at various experience levels, to our Global Leadership Program for executives. We also support our colleagues career advancement through our tuition reimbursement program. In a company our size, we can also actively manage our talent through rotational opportunities across our businesses, functions and geographies that help our colleagues gain new experiences, share knowledge and broaden their skills. Our executives and leaders participate in frequent talent discussions as well as formal reviews, leveraging workforce data and predictive analytics to better anticipate the talent requirements of our business based on our growth opportunities and market demand. Thermo Fisher is dedicated to talent development to meet our evolving business needs and to provide our colleagues with opportunities for long and fulfilling careers. Further, our total rewards package is regularly evaluated and measured against established benchmarks to ensure its effectiveness in recruiting and retention, and to continue to position Thermo Fisher as an employer of choice. We deliver comprehensive rewards, including competitive base pay, and also provide a variety of incentive and equity programs that, by design, directly link the impact of colleague contributions to the company s overall success. Our health and wellness programs provide competitive, flexible benefits that our global colleagues and their families can count on. For example, for U.S. colleagues, we offer a choice of comprehensive national medical, dental and vision plans; a wellness program, including valuable health incentive opportunities and tax-advantaged savings and spending accounts; as well as commuter support, employee assistance programs, optional group legal coverage, and company-paid disability, accident and life insurance. We also offer a company-paid proprietary program for cancer care called the Impact Program, which gives our colleagues and their families access to personalized support and direct lines of communication to experts in cancer genetics and genomics. Similar benefits are available in all countries around the world where we operate. We also invest in our colleagues financial health, helping them to grow and protect their savings, plan for the future and share in the success of the company they are helping to build. Available Information The company files or furnishes all required reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The company is an electronic filer, and the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC electronic filing website is http://www.sec.gov. The company also makes available, free of charge on its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The website address for the company is http://www.thermofisher.com and SEC filings can be found in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. The company is providing its website address solely for the information of investors. The company does not intend the address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website, including any reports that are noted in this Annual Report as being posted on the website, into this Annual Report. Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our business and other issues. It is possible that the information that we post on these channels could be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors to visit these websites from time to time. 8 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Information about Our Executive Officers As of February 26, 2026, our executive officers were: Name Age Present Title (Fiscal Year First Became Executive Officer) Other Positions Held Marc N. Casper 57 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (2001) President and Chief Executive Officer (2009-2020) Chief Operating Officer (2008-2009) Executive Vice President (2006-2009) Stephen Williamson 59 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2015) Vice President, Financial Operations (2008-2015) Michel Lagarde 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2017) Executive Vice President (2019-2021) Senior Vice President and President, Pharma Services (2017-2019) President and Chief Operating Officer, Patheon N.V. (2016-2017) Frederick M. Lowery 55 Executive Vice President (2024) Senior Vice President and President, Customer Channels (2021-2024) Senior Vice President and President, Life Sciences Solutions and Laboratory Products (2017-2021) Gianluca Pettiti 47 Executive Vice President (2021) Senior Vice President and President, Specialty Diagnostics (2019-2021) President, Biosciences (2018-2019) President, China (2015-2017) Michael D. Shafer 57 Executive Vice President (2024) Senior Vice President and President, Pharma Services (2019-2024) President, Materials and Structural Analysis (2016-2019) Lisa P. Britt 57 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2017) Thomas B. Shropshire 54 Senior Vice President and General Counsel (2025) General Counsel and Company Secretary, Diageo plc (2021-May 2025) Partner, Global Head of U.S. Practice, Linklaters LLP (2000-2021) Item 1A. Risk Factors Set forth below are the risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, that we believe are material to our investors. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in Item 1. Business under the caption Forward-looking Statements . Industry and Economic Risks Our growth would be impacted if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets would diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. Both domestic and international markets experienced significant inflationary pressures in 2025 and inflation rates in the U.S., as well as in other countries in which we operate, continue at elevated levels. If the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in Europe, the U.S. or other key markets, are unstable, that could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers, having the effect of: reducing demand for some of our products and services; increasing the rate of order cancellations or delays; increasing the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; increasing pressure on the prices for our products and services; causing supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; and creating longer sales cycles, and greater difficulty in collecting sales proceeds and slower adoption of new technologies. 9 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. International markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. The exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. International revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. These fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. As a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (which we refer to as the functional currency). Movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. As our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. In 2025, currency translation had a favorable effect of $0.37 billion on revenues due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services. Some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of global and local political, legal, regulatory and financial instability, including issues of geopolitical relations, the imposition of international sanctions in response to certain state actions and/or sovereign debt issues, and may have a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices. As a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the U.S. Accordingly, our prior results have been and our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries, on certain U.S. goods (including volatility resulting from the imposition of (and changing policies around) tariffs and related countermeasures); interruption to transportation flows for delivery of raw materials or parts to us and finished goods to our customers; changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic, social or other conditions; changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers; the impact of public health emergencies, pandemics, epidemics or other health outbreaks on the global economy; uncertainties regarding the collectability of accounts receivable; Chinese regulations requiring the use of local suppliers, which compel companies that do business in China to partner with local companies to conduct business and provide incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local suppliers; the imposition of governmental controls; diverse data privacy, protection and localization requirements; supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; increases in materials, energy, labor or other manufacturing-related costs or higher supply chain logistics costs; negative consequences from changes in or interpretation of laws and regulations, including those related to tax and import/export; difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; differing labor regulations; differing protection of intellectual property; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and geopolitical uncertainty or turmoil, including terrorism and war. Demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. Our customers include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities such as national procurement initiatives, available resources, cost reimbursement policies, and product and economic cycles, have had and we expect to have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. Spending by some of these customers fluctuates based on budget allocations and the timely passage of the annual federal budget. In October 2025, the federal government entered a shutdown due to a lapse in appropriations, resulting from an inability by Congress to pass a budget or continuing resolution. A similar impasse in federal government budget decisions could lead to substantial delays or reductions in federal spending. 10 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. We are subject to risks associated with public health emergencies, pandemics, epidemics, or other health outbreaks. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health emergencies, epidemics, pandemics and other health outbreaks. These events have had an adverse impact on certain of our operations, supply chains and distribution systems in the past, and may again in the future, and we may experience unpredictable reductions in supply and demand for certain of our products and services. National, state and local governments may implement safety precautions, including quarantines, border closures, increased border controls, travel restrictions, shelter in place orders and shutdowns and other measures. These measures may disrupt normal business operations and may have significant negative impacts on businesses and financial markets worldwide. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by future epidemics and pandemics, including their residual effects. Business Risks We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, respond to introductions of new products and services by competitors and maintain quality to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product and service development. We sell our products and services in several industries that are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. Competitive factors include technological innovation, including the timely, responsible and effective adoption of emerging technologies (such as AI), price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our competitors may adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in customers requirements than we can, and may achieve cost or quality advantages that we cannot match. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenues and operating results would suffer. Many of our existing products and services and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, safety, quality, product and manufacturing-process levels. Our customers use many of our products and services to develop, test and manufacture their own products. As a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products and services in advance of the commercialization of our customers products. For example, we are incorporating AI and machine learning technologies into our products, services and internal processes. Failure to keep pace with rapid developments in AI technologies could adversely affect our competitive position and results of operations. If we fail to adequately develop products or predict our customers needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenues. It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving internal growth. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. To address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including: strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets; allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects; developing new applications for our technologies; expanding our service offerings; continuing key customer initiatives; combining sales and marketing operations in appropriate markets to compete more effectively; finding new markets for our products and services; and continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings. We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business. 11 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Because we compete directly with certain of our larger customers and product suppliers, our results of operations could be adversely affected in the short term if these customers or suppliers abruptly discontinue or significantly modify their relationship with us. Our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. In addition, we manufacture products that compete directly with products that we source from third-party suppliers. We also source competitive products from multiple suppliers. Our business could be adversely affected in the short term if any of our large third-party suppliers abruptly discontinues selling products to us. Our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. Certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals, as well as disputes or litigation. Any acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. Further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, we have acquired many companies and businesses. As a result of these acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trade names) on our balance sheet, which amount to approximately $49.36 billion and $1.23 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2025. In addition, we have definite-lived intangible assets totaling $14.60 billion as of December 31, 2025. We assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. We assess the realizability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. These events or circumstances would generally include operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. These cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. If we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. Operational Risks Our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. Some of our businesses purchase certain materials from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties, or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability or increased cost of key raw materials or commodities, such as energy, and external events such as global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, sanctions and trade restrictions, natural disasters, pandemic health issues, geopolitical developments, war, terrorist actions, cybersecurity incidents including but not limited to ransomware attacks, misuse of AI and machine learning technologies, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. Any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies. A significant cyber-attack or other disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely harm our operating results and financial condition, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information, medical information, financial data and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers and other business partners) and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as interacting with suppliers, selling our products and services, fulfilling orders and billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers, tracking customer activity, fulfilling contractual obligations and otherwise conducting business). We use a risk-based approach to implementing security controls, reviewing the security controls of certain key business partners and third-party service providers and conducting due diligence on companies we propose to acquire. Despite our efforts, any particular system we operate or use may be susceptible to compromise of a vulnerability or a privileged account, damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, data center failure, third party provider failures (including failures at cloud services), hardware and software failures, improper or unauthorized use of AI, human error or sabotage, terrorist attacks, geopolitical events, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems and access our information. We and our third-party providers experience cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our products, services, and systems and data on a regular basis, and we anticipate continuing to be subject to such attempts as cyber-attacks 12 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. become increasingly sophisticated and more difficult to predict and protect against, particularly with the advancement of AI. Despite our and our third-party providers implementation of security measures, our products, services, and systems and data, are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, data breaches, malware, inadvertent error, disruptions, tampering or other theft or misuse, including by employees, contingent workers, malicious actors, or nation-states or their agents. Although most of our systems leverage data backups, our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. In addition, our customers rely upon our products (i.e., instruments, etc.) within their environments, which may be at risk of compromise. Risks affecting our products may include those associated with remote access solutions, system vulnerabilities, or delay of security updates, which may require customers to take action such as network isolation, password change, or manual update. Cyber-attacks, disruptions or other incidents described above, or breaches of security in our networks, in our customers or third-party providers networks, in third-party products we use, or in cloud-based services provided to us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, a privileged account compromise, or a failure to maintain the digital security infrastructure or security tools that protect the integrity of our products, services, and systems and data, could materially interrupt our operations or our customer s operations, delay production and shipments, impact quality, result in theft of our and our customers intellectual property and trade secrets, damage our reputation or key relationships, result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased cost for security and remediation, in each case resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain a highly qualified workforce, comprised of scientific, technical, clinical, and management talent. We have in the past, and may in the future, have difficulty in attracting and retaining such talent. Our success in doing so is largely dependent upon various factors, including a highly competitive market, sought-after skills, management changes, competitor recruitment, and maintaining an attractive workplace culture (including where there is high demand for new products, services, and technologies, such as related to AI). Macroeconomic shifts such as increased competition for employees and wage inflation, have previously and could in the future affect our talent retention, turnover rates and operational costs. We cannot ensure that we will be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary for our operations or that the departure of any personnel will not have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may incur unexpected costs from increases in fuel and raw material prices, which could reduce our earnings and cash flows. Our primary commodity exposures are for fuel, petroleum-based resins and steel. The costs for these commodities, as well as the costs of transportation, construction and services necessary for the production and distribution of our products, continue to increase and be volatile. While we may seek to minimize the impact of price increases through higher prices to customers and various cost-saving measures, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in the event these measures are insufficient to cover our costs. Because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. We ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as Federal Express in the U.S. and DHL in Europe. We also maintain a small fleet of vehicles dedicated to the delivery of our products and ship our products through other carriers, including national and regional trucking firms, overnight carrier services and the U.S. Postal Service. If one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. In addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected. Natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may disrupt our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, and could impact customer spending. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. An earthquake or other natural disaster (including the effects of climate change such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires and more intense weather events), could disrupt our operations, including the ability to fulfill supply obligations to our customers, or impair our critical systems. Any of these disruptions or other events outside of our control, such as strikes or other labor unrest, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, if any of our facilities, including our manufacturing or warehouse facilities, or the facilities of our suppliers, third-party service providers, or customers, is affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, fires, floods or monsoons, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, political crises, such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or other events outside of our control, such as trade protectionism, strikes or other labor unrest, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Moreover, these types of events could negatively impact customer spending in the impacted regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could also adversely impact our operating results. 13 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Increasing attention to sustainability matters may impact our business, financial results, stock price or reputation. We face increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to our sustainability practices and disclosures. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, lenders, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on such practices and related disclosures and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. In addition, government organizations are enhancing or advancing legal and regulatory requirements specific to these matters. The heightened stakeholder focus on sustainability issues related to our business requires the continuous monitoring of various and evolving laws, regulations, standards and expectations and the associated reporting requirements. A failure to adequately meet evolving stakeholder expectations may result in noncompliance, the loss of business, reputational impacts, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers and an inability to attract and retain top talent. In addition, if legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in the U.S. or in any other jurisdiction in which we do business that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than our current legal or regulatory obligations, we and companies in our supply chain may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations, which could cause disruption in the sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our adoption of certain standards or mandated compliance to certain requirements could necessitate additional investments that could impact our profitability. Legal, Quality and Regulatory Risks New governmental regulations or changes in existing governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. We compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. We develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. Any significant change in regulations, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA), which contains drug price negotiation provisions, or change in the interpretation of existing regulations, could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. For example, we manufacture pharmaceuticals and many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. Changes in the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s (the FDA) regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products, and increased FDA regulation of laboratory-developed tests could delay and add to the cost of commercialization of these products, as well as subject us to additional regulatory controls. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products and services to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. The laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. Our pharma services offerings are highly complex, and if we are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our customers, our business could suffer. Our pharma services offerings are highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict quality and regulatory requirements. Our operating results in this business depend on our ability to execute and, when necessary, improve our quality management strategy and systems, and our ability to effectively train and maintain our employee base with respect to quality management. A failure of our quality control systems could result in problems with facility operations or preparation or provision of products. In each case, such problems could arise for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or environmental factors and damage to, or loss of, manufacturing operations. Such problems could affect production of a particular batch or series of batches of products, requiring the destruction of such products or a halt of facility production altogether. In addition, our failure to meet required quality standards may result in our failure to timely deliver products to our customers, which in turn could damage our reputation for quality and service. Any such failure could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenues, reimbursement to customers for lost drug product, registered intermediates, registered starting materials, and active pharmaceutical ingredients, other customer claims, damage to and possibly termination of existing customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. Production problems in our drug and biologic manufacturing operations could be particularly significant because the cost of raw materials for such manufacturing is often high. If problems in preparation or manufacture of a product or failures to meet required quality standards for that product are not discovered before such product is released to the market, we may be subject to adverse regulatory actions, including product recalls, product seizures, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil sanctions, including monetary sanctions, and criminal actions. In addition, such problems or failures could subject us to litigation claims, including claims from our customers for reimbursement for the cost of lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, the cost of which could be significant. 14 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. A violation of data privacy or data protection laws could adversely harm our operating results and financial condition, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and data protection laws, rules, and customer-imposed controls as a result of producing, collecting, processing, storing and transmitting confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. A significant number of countries where we operate have enacted privacy or data protection laws, rules and regulations, the majority of which have extraterritorial scope, creating significant compliance challenges as we seek to maintain our global reach, with significant penalties for non-compliance, based on total worldwide annual revenue from the preceding financial year. In some cases, there are restrictions on the transfer of personal data outside the home country. More recently, privacy and data protection regulators are paying special attention to emerging issues linked to new digital technologies, such as the use of AI, biometrics, and surveillance technologies, which pose unique challenges to existing privacy and data protection paradigms. For example, in the U.S., individual states regulate data breach and security requirements, and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. European laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of Europe, and the EU GDPR imposes significantly stricter requirements in how we collect and process personal data. Several countries, such as China, have passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. Any actual or perceived noncompliance with these laws, rules and regulations, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing the processing of personal data could result in significant consequences, including, among other things, business interruption, sanctions and significant pecuniary fines, regulatory inquiries and investigations, adverse publicity, loss of competitive advantage and customer trust, as well as privacy litigation and civil lawsuits with damages, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. The importance of privacy and data protection laws, rules and regulations for our industry specifically is constantly growing, as personal data is an integral part of doing business in our sectors, and the legal standards are evolving and becoming more complex worldwide. We are subject to product and other liability risks for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. We may be named as a defendant in product liability or errors and omissions lawsuits, which may allege that products or services we have provided have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition, property damage or injury to end users or financial loss for consumers. Additionally, products currently or previously sold by our environmental and process instruments and radiation measurement and security instruments businesses include fixed and portable instruments used for chemical, radiation and trace explosives detection. These products are used in airports, embassies, cargo facilities, border crossings and other high-threat facilities for the detection and prevention of terrorist acts. If any of these products were to malfunction, it is possible that explosive or radioactive material could fail to be detected by our product, which could lead to product liability claims. In addition, patients involved in our clinical services trials conducted by our clinical development services business or taking drugs approved on the basis of those trials may also bring personal injury claims against us. There are also many other factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers operators and the training of such operators. Any such product liability claims brought against us could be significant and any adverse determination may result in liabilities subject to insurance policy exclusions where insurance would not respond or in excess of our insurance coverage. Although we carry product liability and errors and omissions insurance, we cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover these claims or that it can be maintained on acceptable terms, if at all. We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies. We are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (the DEA), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the DHHS), the European Medicines Agency (the EMA), the EU member states and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices and drug safety. Our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of, the DEA, the FDA, the DHHS, foreign agencies including the EMA, and other various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale. The manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices, and our pharma and clinical development services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the FDA, the DEA, the EMA, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-U.S. regulatory authorities. In addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. Failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. In addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims 15 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients or personal injury, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. We are the sole manufacturer of a number of pharmaceuticals for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers ability to provide products to their customers. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and we are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies. In other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. Compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents, business partners or other third parties. We have internal controls and compliance systems to protect the company against acts committed by employees, agents or businesses that we acquire that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy, but these controls and systems may not be sufficient to prevent every such wrongful act. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. Any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. In addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for violations committed by companies which we acquire. We also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements. Improper or unauthorized use of AI by our employees or third parties working on our behalf could create additional risks, including exposure of confidential information, errors in output, or the generation of inaccurate, misleading or biased results, which could negatively impact our customers, stakeholders and reputation. In addition, any allegations of issues resulting from the misuse of our products could, even if untrue, adversely affect our reputation and our customers willingness to purchase products from us. Any such allegations could cause us to lose customers and divert our resources from other tasks, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense as a result. We place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and into the marketplace. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain, defend and enforce patent protection for our products both in the U.S. and in other countries. We own numerous U.S. and foreign patents, and we intend to file additional applications, as appropriate, for patents covering our products. Patents may not be issued for any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us, and the claims allowed under any issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. Any issued patents owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and the rights under these patents may not provide us with competitive advantages. The integration of AI, including generative AI, into our products, services or internal operations may expose us to increased risks of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. In addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. Intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position. We could incur substantial costs to defend ourselves in suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patent rights against others. An unfavorable outcome of any such litigation could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which we seek to protect our products, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees and consultants. These agreements may not adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights. These agreements may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors. 16 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. We also depend in part on our trademarks and the strength of our proprietary brands, which we consider important to our business. If we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our intellectual property rights for any reason, including our inability to successfully defend against counterfeit, knock offs, grey-market, infringing or otherwise unauthorized products, our brand and reputation could be damaged, and our business may be harmed. Third parties may assert claims against us to the effect that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. In the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against us, or third parties not affiliated with us hold pending or issued patents that relate to our products or technology, we may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. However, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and our challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. Our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale, manufacture, or distribution of our products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to Financial Profile Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. As a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. In preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes, the results of examinations and audits of our tax filings and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) published a proposal for the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15% (the Pillar Two rule ). As of December 31, 2025, numerous countries where we operate have enacted legislation, or have indicated their intent to adopt legislation, to implement certain aspects of the Pillar Two rules. The OECD and implementing countries are expected to continue to make further revisions to their legislation and release additional guidance. We are closely monitoring developments of the Pillar Two rule and are currently evaluating the potential impacts in each of the countries in which we operate; however, we currently do not expect the Pillar Two rule to have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Our existing and future indebtedness may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our activities and negatively impact our credit ratings. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $39.38 billion in outstanding indebtedness. In addition, we have availability to borrow under a revolving credit facility that provides for up to $5.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit (the Facility). We may also obtain additional long-term debt and lines of credit to meet future financing needs, which would have the effect of increasing our total leverage. Our leverage could have negative consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to acquire new products and technologies through strategic acquisitions. Our ability to make scheduled payments, refinance our obligations or obtain additional financing will depend on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. If we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures. Additionally, the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain a financial ratio, and contain affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities by, among other limitations, limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, merge or consolidate with other entities and create liens. The covenants in the Facility include a Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Net Interest Expense), as such terms are defined in the Facility. Specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the Facility, any letter of credit is outstanding under the Facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the Facility, it will maintain a minimum Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio of 3.5:1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. Our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as the impact of foreign exchange rates and interest rates. Our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit acceleration of the debt under that instrument and require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date. Also, an acceleration of the debt under certain of our debt instruments would trigger an event of default under other of our debt instruments. 17 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. 