=== TMO_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report and our 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders speak only as of the dates on which they are made. While the company may elect to update forward-looking statements in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, in the event of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law. Item 1. Business Description of Business Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (also referred to in this document as Thermo Fisher, we, the company, or the registrant ) is the world leader in serving science. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We serve customers working in pharmaceutical and biotech companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, universities, research institutions and government agencies, as well as environmental, industrial, research and development, quality and process control settings. Our global team delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD. We continuously increase our depth of capabilities across our broad portfolio of innovative products and services and leverage our extensive global channels to address our customers needs. We do this through organic investments in research and development, capacity and capabilities and through acquisitions. Our goal is to enable our customers to be more productive in an increasingly competitive business environment, enable them to accelerate innovation, solve their challenges and advance their important work. Business Segments and Products We report our business in four segments: Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services. Life Sciences Solutions Segment Through our Life Sciences Solutions segment, we provide an extensive portfolio of reagents, instruments and consumables used in biological and medical research, discovery and production of new drugs and vaccines as well as diagnosis of disease. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agricultural, clinical, healthcare, academic, and government markets. Life Sciences Solutions includes three primary businesses: biosciences, genetic sciences, and bioproduction. 3 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Our biosciences business includes reagents, instruments and consumables that help our customers conduct biological and medical research in areas such as molecular biology and protein biology, discover new drugs and vaccines, and enable the diagnosis of disease. Our genetic sciences business combines a wide variety of instruments and related reagents used to provide high-value genomic and proteomic solutions to assist customer decisions in the research, clinical, healthcare and applied markets. Our bioproduction business provides solutions for both the production of biologics and industrial manufacturing, and offers a comprehensive portfolio of premium solutions and services focused on upstream cell culture, downstream purification, analytics for detection, quantitation, filtration and separation of process/product impurities, and a suite of single-use solutions spanning the biologics workflow. Analytical Instruments Segment Through our Analytical Instruments segment, we provide a broad offering of instruments and the supporting consumables, software and services that are used for a range of applications. These products and services are used by customers in pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government, environmental and other research and industrial markets, as well as the clinical laboratory. This segment includes three primary businesses: chromatography and mass spectrometry, chemical analysis, and electron microscopy. Our chromatography and mass spectrometry business develops and provides analytical instrumentation for organic and inorganic sample analysis across both applied technologies and scientific research. Our chemical analysis products fall into three main categories: production, process and analytics; field and safety instruments; and environmental and process instruments. Our electron microscopy business serves customers in the life sciences, materials sciences, and semiconductor markets providing leading research tools; and also, in the semiconductor market provides integrated workflows that power research and development and production solutions. Specialty Diagnostics Segment Our Specialty Diagnostics segment offers a wide range of diagnostic test kits, reagents, culture media, instruments and associated products to serve customers in healthcare, clinical, pharmaceutical, industrial, and food safety laboratories. Our healthcare products are used to increase the speed and accuracy of diagnoses, which improves patient care in a more cost-efficient manner. This segment has five primary businesses: clinical diagnostics, immunodiagnostics, microbiology, transplant diagnostics and our healthcare market channel. Our clinical diagnostics products include a broad offering of liquid, ready-to-use and lyophilized immunodiagnostic reagent kits, calibrators, controls, protein detection assays, and instruments. Such products are used for, among other things, drugs-of-abuse testing, therapeutic drug monitoring, thyroid hormone testing, sepsis screening, serum toxicity, first trimester screening, tumor markers testing, and the diagnosis and monitoring of multiple myeloma. Our immunodiagnostics offerings include developing, manufacturing and marketing complete blood-test systems to support the clinical diagnosis and monitoring of allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases. Our microbiology offerings include dehydrated and prepared culture media, collection and transport systems, instrumentation and consumables to detect pathogens in blood, diagnostic and rapid direct specimen tests, quality-control products and associated products for the microbiology laboratory. Our transplant diagnostics products include human leukocyte antigen typing and testing for the organ transplant market. Our healthcare market channel offerings include a broad array of consumables, diagnostic kits and reagents, equipment, instruments, solutions and services for hospitals, clinical laboratories, reference laboratories, physicians offices and other clinical testing facilities. Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services Segment Our Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment offers virtually everything needed for the laboratory. Our unique combination of self-manufactured and sourced products and extensive service offering enables our customers to focus on their core activities and helps them to be more innovative, productive and cost-efficient. The segment also includes a comprehensive offering of outsourced services used by the pharmaceutical and biotech industries for drug development, clinical research, clinical trials services and commercial drug manufacturing. We serve the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government and other research and industrial markets, as well as the clinical laboratory market through four key businesses: laboratory products, research and safety market channel, pharma services and clinical research. Our laboratory products include lab consumables, equipment and chemicals that are used for life science research and drug discovery and development to advance the prevention and cure of diseases and enhance quality of life. Our research and safety market channel offers a mix of products that are manufactured by Thermo Fisher, by third parties for us on a private-label basis, and by third parties under their brands but offered for sale through us. Our pharma services business provides the entire spectrum of development, manufacturing and clinical trials services for both small-molecule and large-molecule pharmaceuticals. Our clinical research business offers comprehensive, integrated clinical development and analytical services including all phases of development (i.e., Phases I-IV), peri- and post-approval and site and patient access services. 4 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. Sales and Marketing We market and sell our products and services through a direct sales force, customer-service professionals, electronic commerce and third-party distributors. Our global team delivers a combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD. We have approximately 14,000 sales personnel including highly trained technical specialists who enable us to better meet the needs of our more technical end-users. We also provide customers with product standardization and other supply-chain-management services to reduce procurement costs. New Products and Research and Development Our business includes the development and introduction of new products and may include entry into new business segments. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant expenditures for research and development (R D) as we seek to provide a continuing flow of innovative products to maintain and improve our competitive position. Our R D efforts focus on developing new technologies, enhancing the performance and usability of existing offerings, and expanding the applications for which our products are used. These activities include internal development programs, initiatives leveraging licensed or acquired technologies, and collaborations with leading research institutions around the world. Our R D programs are aligned with the needs of each major business and are critical to maintaining our competitive position and supporting our long-term growth strategy. Resources Raw Materials Our management team believes that we have a readily available supply of raw materials for all of our significant products from various sources. No single supplier is material, although for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design, certain materials components may be sourced from a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such materials or components. Raw material and fuel prices are subject to fluctuations due to market conditions. We employ many strategies, including the use of alternative materials, to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations on our results. Patents, Licenses and Trademarks Patents are important in many aspects of our business. No particular patent, or related group of patents, is so important, however, that its loss would significantly affect our operations as a whole. Where appropriate, we seek patent protection for inventions and developments made by our personnel that are incorporated into our products or otherwise fall within our fields of interest. Patent rights resulting from work sponsored by outside parties do not always accrue exclusively to the company and may be limited by agreements or contracts. We protect some of our technology as trade secrets and, where appropriate, we use trademarks or register trademarks used in connection with products. We also enter into license agreements with others to grant and/or receive rights to intellectual property. We own or license copyrights in or to copyrightable subject matter, including graphic images and software, used or referenced herein. All trademarks, trade names, product names, slogans and logos of Thermo Fisher contained herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Thermo Fisher or its subsidiaries, as applicable, in the United States and/or other countries. Solely for convenience, we may refer to trademarks in this Annual Report without the and symbols. Such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent permitted by law, our rights to our trademarks. To the extent other trademarks appear in this Annual Report, they are the property of their respective owners. Seasonal Influences Revenues in the fourth quarter are historically stronger than in other quarters due to the capital spending patterns of industrial, pharmaceutical and government customers. Sales of seasonal products, such as allergy and flu tests and related diagnostic products, vary quarter to quarter and year to year. Competition The company encounters aggressive and able competition in virtually all of the markets we serve. Because of the diversity of our products and services, we face many different types of competitors and competition. Our competitors include a broad range of manufacturers, third-party distributors and service providers. Competitive climates in many of the markets we serve are characterized by changing technology and customer demands that require continuing research and development. Our success primarily depends on the following factors: 5 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. technical performance and advances in technology (including artificial intelligence) that result in new products and services, and improved price/performance ratios; product and service differentiation, availability and reliability; the depth of our capabilities; our reputation among customers as a quality provider of products and services; customer service and support; active research and application-development programs; and relative prices of our products and services. Government Regulation Environmental Regulations We are subject to various laws and governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in the United States and other countries. U.S. federal environmental legislation that affects us includes the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA). We are also subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) concerning employee safety and health matters. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA), OSHA, and other federal agencies have the authority to promulgate regulations that have an effect on our operations. In addition to these federal laws and regulations, various states have been delegated certain authority under the aforementioned federal statutes and have authority over these matters under state laws. Many state and local governments have adopted environmental and employee safety and health laws and regulations, some of which are similar to federal requirements. A number of our operations involve the handling, manufacturing, use or sale of substances that are or could be classified as toxic or hazardous materials within the meaning of applicable laws. Consequently, some risk of environmental harm is inherent in our operations and products, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. Our expenses for environmental requirements are incurred generally for ongoing compliance and historical remediation matters. Based on current information, we believe that these compliance costs are not material. For historical remediation obligations, our expenditures relate primarily to the cost of permitting, installing, and operating and maintaining groundwater-treatment systems and other remedial measures. Our Fair Lawn and Somerville, New Jersey facilities entered into administrative consent orders with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection in 1984 to maintain groundwater-remediation activities at these sites, and are currently under the State s Licensed Site Remediation Professional Program. As the owner of the Fair Lawn facility, we are listed as a potentially responsible party for remediation within an area called the Fair Lawn Wellfields Superfund Site, and, in 2008, the company and certain other parties entered into a consent order with the USEPA to complete a Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study. In 2018, the USEPA issued a Record of Decision, setting forth the scope of required remediation work at the site, which includes upgrading a water treatment plant to address constituents such as chlorinated organic compounds, 1,4-dioxane, and perfluorooctanoic acid/perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOA/PFOS). In 2020, the court approved a consent decree that requires the company and another responsible party to finance and perform the required remediation work with USEPA oversight. In 2023, the design of a groundwater treatment plant was fully approved by USEPA. Construction of the plant was completed in 2025 and following a 6-month testing and verification period, the Borough of Fair Lawn took ownership and operation and maintenance (O M) of the plant in January 2026. Along with the other responsible party, the company will continue to finance the O M and perform groundwater monitoring under USEPA oversight. In 2011, our Life Technologies subsidiary entered into a consent decree with the USEPA and other responsible parties to implement a groundwater remedy at the former Davis Landfill Superfund site in Smithfield, Rhode Island. After years of additional study, in September, 2020, USEPA revised its cleanup plan by selecting an interim remedial approach that includes groundwater treatment followed by additional monitoring of site conditions. Depending on the results of these treatment and monitoring activities over the next several years, USEPA anticipates selecting a final groundwater remedy for the site. In November 2021, the 2011 consent decree was amended to reflect the parties obligations to implement USEPA s interim remedy, for which pre-design work was completed and approved by the agencies in 2025, and the remedial action is expected to commence in 2026. We record accruals for environmental liabilities based on current interpretations of environmental laws and regulations when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of such liability can be reasonably estimated. We calculate estimates based upon several factors, including reports prepared by environmental specialists and management s knowledge and experience with these environmental matters. We include in these estimates potential costs for investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance of cleanup sites. Accrued liabilities for environmental matters totaled $86 million at December 31, 2025. 6 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. These environmental liabilities do not include third-party recoveries to which we may be entitled. We believe that our accrual is adequate for the environmental liabilities we currently expect to incur. As a result, we believe that our ultimate liability with respect to environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, we may be subject to remedial or compliance costs due to future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations, and the effect of changes in accounting rules, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that the company s operations, products and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, refer to Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Laws and Regulations Our operations, and some of the products and services we offer, are subject to a number of complex and stringent laws and regulations governing the development, testing, approval, production, handling, transportation and distribution of chemicals, drugs and other similar products, including the operating and security standards of the Food and Drug Administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and various state boards of pharmacy as well as comparable state and foreign agencies. As Thermo Fisher s businesses also include export and import activities, we are subject to pertinent laws enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State and Treasury. In addition, our logistics activities must comply with the rules and regulations of the Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration and similar foreign agencies. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, any noncompliance could result in substantial fines or otherwise restrict our ability to provide competitive distribution services and thereby have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To date, no such laws or regulations have had a material impact on our operations. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenues associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products and services to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could also result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. We are subject to a broad and evolving set of global requirements related to data privacy, cybersecurity and the responsible use of emerging technologies such as generative artificial intelligence (AI). These include comprehensive frameworks such as the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the EU s AI Act, U.S. federal and state privacy and security laws (including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) for certain operations), and data-localization or cross-border transfer restrictions in various international markets. Governments in the EU, U.S. and other jurisdictions are also advancing new regulations that govern transparency, risk management and data practices associated with AI systems. As these regulatory regimes continue to develop, we maintain policies and controls designed to support compliance and protect the data entrusted to us. For a discussion of risks related to changes in governmental regulations, refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. Human Capital The success of Thermo Fisher is fueled by colleagues who are highly engaged and feel empowered to achieve their goals. Everything we do starts with our Mission - to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Our colleagues understand the role they play in fulfilling that Mission and that inspires them to bring their best to work each day. Our Mission is not only a differentiator for us externally, but a motivator for us internally. Our culture is a competitive advantage and is rooted in our 4i Values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement. Our values are woven into our ways of working, embedded in every stage of our colleague lifecycle - from recruiting to onboarding, training, development and longer-term career planning. Within this framework, we strive to create a safe, fair and positive working environment for our colleagues around the world. We want our teams to feel they have a stake in our success, a voice in our direction and to be empowered to make a difference for the key stakeholders we serve. We also prioritize engagement, empowerment and continuous improvement to enable colleagues to contribute, collaborate and innovate. To advance this goal, we conduct an annual Employee Involvement Survey to solicit direct feedback from our colleagues on what we re doing well and where we need to improve. We then compile the feedback to measure our progress using three key indices: Leadership, Involvement and Inclusion. Our continued focus on enhancing our culture helps position our company to be an even better place to work. 7 THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. We are committed to maintaining the strongest team in our industry, focusing on developing and retaining our colleagues, while leveraging our Mission and leadership brand to attract new colleagues to our company. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 125,000 colleagues globally, with an approximate regional distribution as follows: 59,000 based in the Americas, 22,000 in the Asia-Pacific region, and 44,000 in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). In today s environment, we know talent is a key differentiator, and that building the strongest team in the industry is critical to our future. Our overarching goal from a talent perspective is to create opportunities for our colleagues to achieve their full potential and career aspirations here at Thermo Fisher. We encourage and support colleagues to enhance their skills, so they are in the best position to deliver on their goals and achieve their career objectives. From our colleague referral program, summer internships, university relations, to our Graduate Leadership Development Program, we continue to build strong internal and external talent channels. Once on board, talent development at Thermo Fisher is a key organizational capability. We continue to make significant investments to support our colleagues along every step of their career journey. Our talent development framework incorporates a multi-faceted approach, including formal and self-paced training, networking opportunities, on-the-job stretch learning, coaching, mentoring and manager training utilizing contemporary technology solutions to support the broad needs of our workforce. We provide multiple programs at all career levels, from online learning for all colleagues through Thermo Fisher University, to focused trainings for managers at various experience levels, to our Global Leadership Program for executives. We also support our colleagues career advancement through our tuition reimbursement program. In a company our size, we can also actively manage our talent through rotational opportunities across our businesses, functions and geographies that help our colleagues gain new experiences, share knowledge and broaden their skills. Our executives and leaders participate in frequent talent discussions as well as formal reviews, leveraging workforce data and predictive analytics to better anticipate the talent requirements of our business based on our growth opportunities and market demand. Thermo Fisher is dedicated to talent development to meet our evolving business needs and to provide our colleagues with opportunities for long and fulfilling careers. Further, our total rewards package is regularly evaluated and measured against established benchmarks to ensure its effectiveness in recruiting and retention, and to continue to position Thermo Fisher as an employer of choice. We deliver comprehensive rewards, including competitive base pay, and also provide a variety of incentive and equity programs that, by design, directly link the impact of colleague contributions to the company s overall success. Our health and wellness programs provide competitive, flexible benefits that our global colleagues and their families can count on. For example, for U.S. colleagues, we offer a choice of comprehensive national medical, dental and vision plans; a wellness program, including valuable health incentive opportunities and tax-advantaged savings and spending accounts; as well as commuter support, employee assistance programs, optional group legal coverage, and company-paid disability, accident and life insurance. We also offer a company-paid proprietary program for cancer care called the Impact Program, which gives our colleagues and their families access to personalized support and direct lines of communication to experts in cancer genetics and genomics. Similar benefits are available in all countries around the world where we operate. We also invest in our colleagues financial health, helping them to grow and protect their savings, plan for the future and share in the success of the company they are helping to build. Available Information The company files or furnishes all required reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The company is an electronic filer, and the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC electronic filing website is http://www.sec.gov. The company also makes available, free of charge on its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The website address for the company is http://www.thermofisher.com and SEC filings can be found in the Investors section of our website under the heading SEC Filings. The company is providing its website address solely for the information of investors. The company does not intend the address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website, including any reports that are noted in this Annual Report as being posted on the website, into this Annual Report. Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, ou