=== ON_2026-02-09.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors" included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for additional information related to liquidity matters. Debt As of December 31, 2025 , we were in compliance with the indentures relating to our 0% Notes, 0.50% Notes and 3.875% Notes and with the financial covenants included in the Credit Agreement. The 0% Notes, 0.50% Notes and 3.875% Notes are senior to the existing and future subordinated indebtedness of onsemi and its guarantor subsidiaries, rank equally in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior debt and, as unsecured obligations, are subordinated to all of our existing and future secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such debt. Failure to comply with any of our covenants or any other terms of our Credit Agreement could result in higher interest rates in our borrowings or the acceleration of the maturities of our outstanding debt. In order to remain in compliance with the various financial covenants contained in our debt agreements and to fund working capital, our capital expenditures and business development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash from operating activities, which is subject to, among other things, our future operating performance, as well as financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions, some of which may be beyond our control. As of December 31, 2025, there was outstanding $804.9 million aggregate principal amount of the 0% Notes, $1,500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50% Notes and $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% Notes. As noted above, we repaid $375.0 million for borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility during 2025 and had approximately $1.5 billion available for future borrowings as of December 31, 2025. The associated interest expense related to our indebtedness will continue to have a significant impact on our results of operations. See Note 9: ''Long-Term Debt'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for additional information. Key Financing and Capital Events Overview We continually evaluate our debt and capital structure and, when appropriate, we have completed various measures to secure liquidity, repurchase shares of our common stock, reduce interest costs, amend or replace existing key financing arrangements and, in some cases, extend a portion of our debt maturities to continue to provide us additional operating flexibility. 46 2025 Financing Events Repayment of $375.0 million of borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility. Repurchases of approximately 27.9 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,375 million, excluding fees, commissions, and excise tax, under the Share Repurchase Program. 2024 Financing Events Repurchases of approximately 9.1 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $650 million under the Share Repurchase Program. 2023 Financing Events Issuance of $1.5 billion of 0.50% Notes on February 28, 2023, the net proceeds of which were used to repay $1,086.0 million of the existing indebtedness under the Term Loan "B" Facility, the related transaction fees and expenses and to pay approximately $171.5 million net cost of the related convertible note hedges. Entering into a new Credit Agreement consisting of a $1.5 billion Revolving Credit Facility and draw-down of $375.0 million to repay the entire outstanding balance under the Revolver due 2024 in the second quarter of 2023. Repurchases of approximately 7.6 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $564 million under the Share Repurchase Program. Repayment of the 1.625% Notes amounting to $119.6 million in cash upon maturity and issuance of approximately 4.5 million shares of common stock to settle the excess over the principal. See Note 9: ''Long-Term Debt'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for additional information. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The accompanying discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We believe certain of our accounting policies are critical to understanding our financial position and results of operations. We utilize the following critical accounting policies in the preparation of our financial statements. In addition to our critical accounting policies below, see Note 2: ''Significant Accounting Policies'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on experience, current and expected future conditions, third-party evaluations and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Significant estimates have been used by management in conjunction with the following: (i) calculation of future payouts for customer incentives and amounts subject to allowances and returns; (ii) valuation and obsolescence relating to inventories; (iii) measurement of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, and evaluations of uncertain tax positions; (iv) assumptions used in business combinations and the valuation of assets held-for-sale; and (v) testing for impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill. Actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in the consolidated financial statements. Revenue Recognition . We generate revenue from sales of our semiconductor products to direct customers and distributors. We also generate revenue, to a much lesser extent, from product development agreements and manufacturing services provided to customers. We apply a five-step approach in determining the amount and timing of revenue to be recognized: (i) identifying the contract with a customer; (ii) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determining the transaction price; (iv) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognizing revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. We allocate the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative stand-alone selling price. In determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration to which we expect to be entitled. 47 We recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation in an amount reflecting the consideration to which we expect to be entitled. Substantially all of our revenue is recognized at the time control of the products transfers to the customer. For sales agreements, we have identified the promise to transfer products, each of which is distinct, to be the performance obligation. For product development agreements, we have identified the completion of a service defined in the agreement to be the performance obligation. We recognize revenue from manufacturing services when we satisfy the performance obligation by transferring the promised goods or services to the customer. Depending on the terms of the applicable contractual agreement with the customer, revenue is recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the promised goods or service, or over time when the created asset has no alternate use to us and there is an enforceable right to payment for the performance to date. Sales to certain distributors, primarily those with ship and credit rights, can be subject to price adjustment on certain products. We develop an estimate of their expected claims under the ship and credit program based on the historical claims data submitted by product and customer and expected future claims, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions related to the amount of each claim as well as the historical period used to develop the estimate. Although payment terms vary, most distributor agreements require payment within 30 days. Our direct customers do not have the right to return products other than pursuant to the provisions of our standard warranty. Sales to distributors, however, are typically made pursuant to agreements that provide return rights and stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, ship and credit claims and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related revenue is recognized, and are netted against revenue. For non-quality related returns, we recognize a related asset for the right to recover returned products with a corresponding reduction to cost of goods sold. Payment terms for direct customers generally require payment within 30 days but can extend up to 90 days. We record a reserve for cash discounts as a reduction to accounts receivable and a reduction to revenue, based on the experience with each customer. Inventories . We carry our inventories at the lower of standard cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value and record provisions for potential excess and obsolete inventories based upon a regular analysis of inventory on hand compared to historical and projected end-user demand. The determination of projected end user demand requires updated assumptions regarding customer requirements, market conditions, product transition plans, projected unit sales, and impacts from restructuring related strategic changes. These provisions can influence our results from operations. For example, when demand falls for a given part, all or a portion of the related inventory that is considered to be in excess of anticipated demand is reserved, impacting our cost of revenue and gross profit. The majority of product inventory that has been previously reserved is ultimately discarded. Although we do sell some products that have previously been written down, such sales have historically been consistently insignificant and the related impact on our margins has also been insignificant. Income Taxes. Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for those deferred tax assets for which we cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will be realized. In determining the amount of the valuation allowance, estimated future taxable income, feasible tax planning strategies, future reversals of existing temporary differences and taxable income in prior carryback years, if a carryback is permitted, are considered. If we determine it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the remaining deferred tax assets will not be realized, the valuation allowance will be increased with a charge to income tax expense. Conversely, if we determine it is more likely than not to be able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been provided, the related portion of the valuation allowance will be recorded as a reduction to income tax expense. We recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement. No tax benefit is recognized for tax positions that are not more likely than not to be sustained. Our practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. Evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of tax audits and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement 48 of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in income tax expense in the period in which the change is made, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Business Combinations. We use estimates and assumptions in allocating the purchase price of acquired businesses by utilizing established valuation techniques appropriate for the technology industry to record the acquired assets and liabilities at fair value. We utilize the income approach, cost approach or market approach, depending upon which approach is the most appropriate based on the nature and reliability of available data. If the income approach is used, the fair value determination is predicated upon the value of the future cash flows that an asset is expected to generate over its economic life and involves significant assumptions as to cash flows, associated expenses, long-term growth rates and discount rates. The cost approach takes into account the cost to replace (or reproduce) the asset and involves assumptions relating to the asset's value of physical, functional and/or economic obsolescence that has occurred with respect to the asset. The market approach is used to estimate value from an analysis of actual transactions or offerings for economically comparable assets available as of the valuation date. Determining the fair value of acquired technology assets is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including the discount rate, revenue growth rates, projected gross margins, and estimated research and development expenses. Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets: Goodwill We evaluate our goodwill for potential impairment annually during the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Our impairment evaluation consists of a qualitative assessment, and if deemed necessary, a quantitative test is performed which compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. Determining the fair value of our reporting units is subjective in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including projected net cash flows, discount and long-term growth rates. We determine the fair value of our reporting units based on an income approach, whereby the fair value of the reporting unit is derived from the present value of estimated future cash flows. The assumptions about estimated cash flows include factors such as future revenue, gross profit, operating expenses, and industry trends. We consider historical rates and current market conditions when determining the discount and long-term growth rates to use in our analysis. We consider other valuation methods, such as the cost approach or market approach, if it is determined that these methods provide a more representative approximation of fair value. Long-Lived Assets Held and Used We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be fully recoverable. For assets to be held and used, we group a long-lived asset or assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Estimates of future cash flows used to test the recoverability of a long-lived asset group include only the future cash flows that are directly associated with and that are expected to arise as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the asset group. A potential impairment charge is evaluated when the undiscounted expected cash flows derived from an asset group are less than its carrying amount. Impairment losses, if applicable, are measured as the amount by which the carrying value of an asset group exceeds its fair value. Judgment is used when applying these impairment rules to determine the timing of the impairment test, the undiscounted cash flows used to assess impairments and the fair value of the asset group. Assets Held-for-Sale We classify assets as held-for-sale in the period when all of the following conditions are met: (i) management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the assets; (ii) the assets are available for immediate sale in their present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the assets have been initiated; (iv) the sale of the assets is probable, and transfer of the assets is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year, except if events or circumstances beyond our control extend the period of time required to sell the assets beyond one year; (v) the assets are being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to their current fair value; and (vi) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. The Company evaluates the probability of sale within one year, considering current market conditions for semiconductor equipment and the status of active marketing efforts. If disposal does not occur within 12 months, the Company reassesses whether delays are caused by factors outside its control. 49 The assets that are classified as held-for-sale are initially measured at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. The determination of the fair value less costs to sell may require management to make judgments on significant estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, indicative sales values, current market conditions and available data for transactions for similar assets. We may use third-party valuation specialists to assist in the determination of such estimates. Any impairment loss resulting from this measurement is recorded in Restructuring, asset impairments and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the assets held-for-sale are recorded as a separate line within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains or losses are not recognized on assets held-for-sale until the sale date, when control transfers to the counterparty. Contingencies . We are involved in a variety of legal matters that arise in the normal course of business. Based on the available information, we evaluate the relevant range and likelihood of potential outcomes and we record the appropriate liability when the amount is deemed probable and reasonably estimable. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 4: ''Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Other Developments'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. To mitigate these risks, we utilize derivative financial instruments. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. As of December 31, 2025, our gross long-term debt totaled $3,004.9 million. We have no interest rate exposure to rate changes on our fixed rate debt, which totaled $3,004.9 million. We would have interest rate exposure with respect to our Revolving Credit Facility, however, there were no borrowings outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025. If we had not repaid the outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility on December 31, 2025, we estimate a 50-basis point increase in interest rates would have impacted our expected annual interest expense for the next 12 months by approximately $1.9 million. To ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of our foreign exchange hedge positions, we continually monitor our foreign exchange forward positions. However, given the inherent limitations of forecasting and the anticipatory nature of exposures intended to be hedged, we cannot provide any assurances that such programs will offset more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates. We are subject to risks associated with transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currencies, as well as the effects of translating amounts denominated in a foreign currency to the U.S. dollar as a normal part of the reporting process. Some of our Japanese operations utilize Japanese yen as the functional currency, which results in a translation adjustment that is included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. We enter into forward foreign currency contracts that economically hedge the gains and losses generated by the re-measurement of certain recorded assets and liabilities in a non-functional currency. Changes in the fair value of these undesignated hedges are recognized in other income and expense immediately as an offset to the changes in the fair value of the assets or liabilities being hedged. The notional amount of foreign exchange contracts at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $190.5 million and $256.8 million, respectively. Substantially all of our revenue is transacted in U.S. dollars. However, a significant amount of our operating expenditures and capital purchases are transacted in local currencies, including Chinese renminbi, Czech koruna, euro, Japanese yen, Korean won, Malaysian ringgit, Philippine peso and Vietnamese dong. Due to the materiality of our transactions in these local currencies, our results are impacted by changes in currency exchange rates measured against the U.S. dollar. For example, we determined that based on a hypothetical weighted-average change of 10% in currency exchange rates, our operating income would have impacted our income before taxes by approximately $102.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, assuming no offsetting hedge position or correlated activities. See Note 15: ''Financial Instruments'' in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K for further information with respect to our hedging activity. 50 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our consolidated Financial Statements listed in the index appearing under Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Form 10-K and the Financial Statement Schedule listed in the index appearing under Part IV, Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K are filed as part of this Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference in this Item 8. Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238) 58 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 60 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 61 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 62 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 64 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 65 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. We also carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2025. There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 . Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" of this Form 10-K. 51 Item 9B . Other Information Insider Trading Arrangements During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K), except as follows: Thad Trent , our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement on November 7, 2025 . Under this arrangement, a total of 150,000 shares of our common stock may be sold, subject to certain conditions, before the plan expires on December 31, 2026 . The above arrangements are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information under the heading "Information about Our Executive Officers" in this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this section. Information concerning directors and persons nominated to become directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the text under the captions "The Board of Directors and Corporate Governance" and "Miscellaneous Information" in our Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 in connection with our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement"). Insider Trading Policy Information regarding our insider trading policy is incorporated by reference from the text under the caption "Insider Trading Policy" in our Proxy Statement. Code of Business Conduct Information concerning our Code of Business Conduct is incorporated by reference from the text under the caption "The Board of Directors and Corporate Governance" in our Proxy Statement. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information concerning executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the text under the captions "The Board of Directors and Corporate Governance 2025 Compensation of Directors" and "Compensation of Executive Officers" (excluding the information under the subheading 2025 Pay versus Performance ) in our Proxy Statement. The information incorporated by reference under the caption "Compensation of Executive 