=== RJF_2025-11-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for additional discussion of the risks related to our regulatory environment. The following summarizes the principal elements of the regulatory and supervisory framework applicable to us as a participant in the financial services industry. The framework includes extensive regulation under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as the applicable laws of the jurisdictions outside the U.S. in which we do business. While this framework is intended to protect our clients, the integrity of the financial markets, our depositors, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund, it is not intended to protect our creditors or shareholders. These rules and regulations limit our ability to engage in certain activities, as well as our ability to fund RJF from our regulated subsidiaries, which include Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank (collectively, our bank subsidiaries ), our broker-dealer subsidiaries, and our trust subsidiaries. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions that are referenced. A change in applicable statutes or regulations or in regulatory or supervisory policy may have a material effect on our business. 12 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Banking supervision and regulation RJF is a BHC under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ), that has made an election to be a FHC and is subject to regulation, oversight and consolidated supervision, including periodic examination, by the Fed. Under the system of functional regulation established under the BHC Act, the primary regulators of our U.S. non-bank subsidiaries directly regulate the activities of those subsidiaries, with the Fed exercising a supervisory role. Such functionally regulated subsidiaries include our broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), such as Raymond James Associates, Inc. ( RJ A ) and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. ( RJFS ), and investment advisers registered with the SEC with respect to their investment advisory activities, among other subsidiaries. We have two FDIC-insured depository institutions, Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank. Raymond James Bank is a Florida-chartered state member bank that is primarily supervised by both the Fed and the Florida Office of Financial Regulation ( OFR ). TriState Capital Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered state member bank that is primarily supervised by both the Fed and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities ( PDBS ). Both Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are also subject to supervision by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) and the FDIC. We also have non-depository trust company subsidiaries including: RJ Trust, which is regulated, supervised, and examined by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ), and RJTCNH, which is regulated, supervised, and examined by the New Hampshire Banking Department ( NHBD ). RJTCNH provides IRA custodial services and trust services for our PCG clients. Collectively, the rules and regulations of the Fed, the FDIC, the OFR, the PDBS, the CFPB, the OCC and the NHBD result in extensive regulation and supervision covering all aspects of our banking and trust businesses, including, for example, lending practices, the receipt of deposits, capital structure, transactions with affiliates, conduct and qualifications of personnel and, as discussed further in the following sections, capital requirements. This regulatory, supervisory, and oversight framework can affect the operating costs and permissible businesses of RJF and our subsidiaries. As a part of their supervisory functions, these regulatory bodies conduct extensive examinations of our operations and also have the power to bring enforcement actions for violations of law and, in the case of certain of these regulatory bodies, for unsafe or unsound practices. Basel III and U.S. capital rules RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank are subject to the Fed s capital rules. These rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and implement, in the U.S., the Basel III capital framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended ( Dodd-Frank Act ), and other capital provisions and, for insured depository institutions, set the prompt corrective action framework discussed below (the U.S. Basel III Rules ). The U.S. Basel III Rules: (i) establish minimum requirements for both the quantity and quality of regulatory capital; (ii) set forth a capital conservation buffer; and (iii) define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. These capital requirements could restrict our ability to grow, including during favorable market conditions, and to return capital to shareholders, or require us to raise additional capital. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects could be adversely affected. See Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and capital resources, and Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger discretionary, and in certain cases, mandatory actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the financial results of RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank. In addition, failure to maintain the capital conservation buffer would result in constraints on distributions, including limitations on dividend payments and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments based on the amount of the shortfall and eligible retained income. Under the capital adequacy rules, RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank must meet specific capital ratio requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under the rules. The capital amounts and classification for RJF, Raymond James Bank, and TriState Capital Bank are also subject to the qualitative judgments of U.S. regulators based on components of capital, risk-weightings of assets, off-balance sheet transactions, and other factors. Under applicable capital rules, RJF would need to obtain prior approval from the Fed if its repurchases or redemptions of equity securities over a twelve-month period would reduce its net worth by ten percent or more and an exemption were not available. Guidance from the Fed also provides that RJF would need to inform the Fed in advance of repurchasing common stock in certain prescribed situations, such as if it were experiencing, or at risk of experiencing, financial weaknesses or considering expansion, either through acquisitions or other new activities, or if the repurchases would result in a net reduction in common equity over a quarter. Further, Fed guidance indicates that, pursuant to the Fed s general supervisory and enforcement 13 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index authority, Fed supervisory staff should prevent a BHC from repurchasing its common stock if such action would be inconsistent with the BHC s prospective capital needs and safe and sound operation. Source of strength The Fed requires that BHCs, such as RJF, serve as a source of financial strength for any of its subsidiary depository institutions. The term source of financial strength is defined as the ability of a company to provide financial assistance to its insured depository institution subsidiaries in the event of financial distress at such subsidiaries. Under this requirement, RJF could be required to provide financial assistance to Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank in the future should either bank experience financial distress. Transactions between affiliates Transactions between (i) Raymond James Bank, TriState Capital Bank, RJ Trust, or their subsidiaries on the one hand and (ii) RJF or its other subsidiaries or affiliates on the other hand are subject to compliance with Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation W issued by the Fed, which generally limit the types and amounts of such transactions that may take place and generally require those transactions to be on market terms. These laws generally do not apply to transactions between Raymond James Bank, TriState Capital Bank, RJ Trust, and any subsidiaries they may have. The Volcker Rule, a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act, generally prohibits certain transactions and imposes a market terms requirement on certain other transactions between (i) RJF or its affiliates on the one hand and (ii) covered funds for which RJF or its affiliates serve as the investment manager, investment adviser, commodity trading advisor or sponsor, or other covered funds organized and offered by RJF or its affiliates on the other hand. See The Volcker Rule in the following section. Deposit insurance Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act because they provide deposits covered by FDIC insurance, generally up to $250,000 per account ownership type. For banks with greater than $10 billion in assets, which includes Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank, the FDIC s current assessment rate calculation relies on a scorecard method based on a number of factors, including the bank s regulatory ratings, asset quality, and amount of brokered deposits. This scorecard method is designed to measure a bank s financial performance and ability to withstand stress, in addition to measuring the FDIC s exposure should Raymond James Bank or TriState Capital Bank fail. From time to time, in response to specific events, the FDIC may also enact a special assessment to recover any losses to the FDIC s deposit insurance fund as a result of protecting uninsured depositors. Prompt corrective action The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, as amended ( FDICIA ), requires the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks, such as Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than the category indicated by its capital ratios if the institution is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Although the prompt corrective action regulations do not apply to BHCs, such as RJF, the Fed is authorized to take appropriate action at the BHC level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the BHC s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances related to an undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the BHC, this guarantee would take priority over the BHC s general unsecured creditors. As of September 30, 2025, Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank were categorized as well-capitalized. 14 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index The Volcker Rule RJF is subject to the Volcker Rule, which generally prohibits BHCs and their subsidiaries and affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading, but permits underwriting, market-making, and risk-mitigating hedging activities. The Volcker Rule also prohibits BHCs and their subsidiaries and affiliates from acquiring or retaining ownership interests in, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with covered funds (as defined in the rule), including hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exceptions. Compensation practices Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the Fed. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have provided guidance designed to ensure incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk-taking and are consistent with safety and soundness. As required by SEC rules, we disclose in our proxy statements for each annual meeting of shareholders the relationship of our compensation policies and practices to risk management initiatives, to the extent that the risks arising from such policies and practices are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the firm. Community Reinvestment Act regulations Raymond James Bank and TriState Capital Bank are subject to the CRA, which is intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their communities, with a focus on low- and moderate-income communities, consistent with safe and sound bank operations. Under the CRA, federal banking regulators are required to periodically examine and assign to each bank a public CRA rating. If any insured depository institution subsidiary of a FHC fails to maintain at least a satisfactory rating under the CRA, the FHC would be subject to restrictions on certain new activities and acquisitions. Other restrictions FHCs, such as RJF, generally can engage in a broader range of financial and related activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs as long as they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for FHCs. Among other things, the broader range of permissible activities for FHCs includes underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities and making investments in non-FHCs, or merchant banking activities. We are required to obtain Fed approval before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both within and outside the U.S. The Fed, however, has the authority to limit an FHC s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible, and will likely do so if the FHC does not satisfactorily meet certain requirements of the Fed. For example, if an FHC or any of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries ceases to maintain its status as well-capitalized or well-managed, the Fed may impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements, as well as additional limitations or conditions. If the deficiencies persist, the FHC may be required to divest its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries or to cease engaging in activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities. Broker-dealer and securities regulation The SEC is the federal agency charged with administration of the federal securities laws in the U.S. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to SEC regulations relating to their business operations, including sales and trading practices, securities offerings and other investment banking activity, publication of research reports, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, privacy requirements, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. Financial services firms are also subject to regulation by state securities commissions in those states in which they conduct business. Our most significant U.S. broker-dealers, RJ A, RJFS, and SumRidge Partners, LLC ( SumRidge Partners ), are currently registered as broker-dealers in all 50 states. Financial services firms are also subject to regulation by various foreign governments, securities exchanges, central banks and regulatory bodies, particularly in those countries where they have established offices. Outside of the U.S., we have additional offices primarily in Canada, the UK, and Germany and are subject to regulations in those areas. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers in the U.S. and Canada, however, has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations ( SROs ), such as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) in the U.S., the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization ( CIRO ) in Canada, and securities exchanges. These SROs adopt and amend rules for regulating the industry, subject to the approval of government agencies. These SROs also conduct periodic examinations of member broker-dealers. The single primary regulator with respect to our conduct of financial services in the UK is the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ), which operates on a statutory basis. 15 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index The SEC, SROs, and other securities regulators may conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fines, suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, its officers, employees, or other associated persons. Such administrative proceedings, whether or not resulting in adverse findings, can require substantial expenditures and may adversely impact the reputation of a broker-dealer. Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act, as amended ( SIPA ), and are required by federal law to be members of the Securities Investors Protection Corporation ( SIPC ). The SIPC was established under SIPA, and oversees the liquidation of broker-dealers during liquidation or financial distress. The SIPC fund provides protection for cash and securities held in client accounts up to $500,000 per client, with a limitation of $250,000 on claims for cash balances. U.S. broker-dealer capital Our U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to certain of the SEC s financial stability rules, including the: (i) net capital rule; (ii) customer protection rule; (iii) record-keeping rules; and (iv) notification rules. Broker-dealers are required to maintain the minimum net capital deemed necessary to meet their continuing commitments to customers and others, and are required to keep their assets in relatively liquid form. These rules also limit the ability of broker-dealers to transfer capital to parent companies and other affiliates. See Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information pertaining to our broker-dealer regulatory minimum net capital requirements. Standard of care Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC adopted a package of rule-makings and interpretations related to the provision of advice by broker-dealers and investment advisers, including Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS. Among other things, Regulation Best Interest requires a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. Form CRS requires that broker-dealers and investment advisers provide retail investors with a brief summary document containing simple, easy-to-understand information about the nature of the relationship between the parties. Our implementation of these regulations resulted in the review and modification of certain of our policies and procedures and associated supervisory and compliance controls, as well as the implementation of additional client disclosures, which included us providing related education and training to financial advisors. Various states have also proposed, or adopted, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that may differ from the SEC's regulations, which may lead to additional implementation costs. Similarly, non-U.S. jurisdictions have also adopted regulations relating to standards of care. For example, on July 31, 2023, the FCA s Consumer Duty took effect in the UK. Among other things, the UK Consumer Duty requires firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers with respect to products and services, price and value, consumer understanding, and consumer support. In April 2024, the Department of Labor ( DOL ) issued a final rule significantly expanding the definition of investment advice fiduciary under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. In related rulemakings, the DOL also finalized amendments to several class prohibited transaction exemptions ( PTE ), which exempt certain compensation arrangements that would otherwise be prohibited. In July 2024, two federal district courts separately issued nationwide stays of the effective date of the final rule and PTE amendments pending consideration of the merits. We are monitoring the legal activity while continuing to evaluate the impact these new rules could have on our business. If the rules become effective as promulgated, we expect compliance will require us to alter certain of our business practices and impose additional costs. Other non-U.S. regulation Raymond James Ltd. ( RJ Ltd. ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, is currently registered as an investment dealer in all provinces and territories in Canada. The financial services industry in Canada is subject to comprehensive regulation under both federal and provincial laws. Securities commissions have been established in all provinces and territorial jurisdictions, which are charged with the administration of securities laws. Investment dealers in Canada are subject to regulation by CIRO, an SRO under the oversight of the securities commissions that make up the Canadian Securities Administrators. CIRO is responsible for the enforcement of, and conformity with, securities legislation for their members and has been granted the powers to prescribe their own rules of conduct and financial requirements of members, including RJ Ltd. CIRO also requires that RJ Ltd. be a member of the Canadian Investors Protection Fund, whose primary role is investor protection. This fund provides protection for securities and cash held in client accounts up to 1 million Canadian dollars ( CAD ) per client, with additional coverage of CAD 1 million for certain types of accounts. 16 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Certain of our subsidiaries are registered in, and operate from, the UK, which has a highly developed and comprehensive regulatory regime. These subsidiaries are authorized and regulated by the FCA and have limited permissions to carry out business in certain European Union ( E.U. ) countries, to the extent permitted under domestic law and regulation in those countries. The FCA operates on a statutory basis and creates rules which are largely principles-based. These regulated UK subsidiaries and their senior managers are registered with the FCA, and wealth managers and certain other staff are subject to certification requirements. Certain of these subsidiaries operate in the retail sector, providing investment and financial planning services to predominantly high-net-worth individuals, while others provide brokerage and investment banking services to institutional clients. Retail clients of our UK subsidiaries benefit from the Financial Ombudsman Service, which settles complaints between consumers and businesses that provide financial services, as well as the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, which is the UK s statutory deposit insurance and investors compensation scheme for customers of authorized financial services firms. In Germany, our subsidiary Raymond James Corporate Finance GmbH is licensed by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt f r Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, or BaFin ) to conduct the regulated activities of investment advice and investment brokerage. Among other requirements, BaFin requires Raymond James Corporate Finance GmbH, as a regulated entity, to comply with certain capital, liquidity, governance, and business conduct requirements, and has a range of supervisory and disciplinary powers which it is able to use in its oversight. Investment management regulation Our investment advisory operations, including the mutual funds that we sponsor, are also subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. The majority of our asset managers are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 as amended and are also required to make notice filings in certain states. Virtually all aspects of our asset management business are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended for the benefit of our clients. Anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption regulation The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act ( BSA ), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 ( PATRIOT Act ), the Customer Due Diligence Rule, and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 ( AMLA ), contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and mandates the implementation of various regulations applicable to all financial institutions, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA, the PATRIOT Act, and AMLA seek to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities. Anti-money laundering laws outside the U.S. contain similar provisions. The U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers economic and trade sanctions programs and enforces sanctions regulations with which all U.S. persons must comply. The E.U. as well as various countries have also adopted economic sanctions programs targeted at countries, entities, and individuals that are involved in terrorism, hostilities, embezzlement, or human rights violations. In addition, various countries have adopted laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act, related to corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. The scope of the types of payments or other benefits covered by these laws is very broad and is subject to significant uncertainties that may be clarified only in the context of further regulatory guidance or enforcement proceedings. RJF and its affiliates have implemented and maintain internal policies, procedures, and controls to meet the compliance obligations imposed by such U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations concerning anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption. Failure to continue to meet the requirements of these regulations could result in supervisory action, including fines. 17 RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Index Privacy and data protection U.S. federal law establishes minimum federal standards for financial privacy by, among other provisions, requiring financial institutions to adopt and disclose privacy policies with respect to consumer information and setting forth certain limitations on disclosure to third parties of consumer information. U.S. state laws and regulations adopted under U.S. federal law impose obligations on RJF and its subsidiaries for protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of client information, and require notice of data breaches to certain U.S. regulators and to clients. The Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, mandates the development and implementation of a written identity theft prevention program that is designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft. The California Privacy Rights Act ( CPRA ) amended the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2020 and became enforceable in 2023. CPRA regulations updated existing privacy protections for the personal information of California residents, including by requiring companies to provide certain additional disclosures to California consumers, and provide for a number of specific additional data subject rights for California residents. Similarly, the E.U. and UK General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) imposes requirements for companies that collect or store personal data of E.U. residents, as well as residents of the UK. GDPR s legal requirements extend to all foreign companies that solicit and process personal data of E.U. and UK residents, imposing a strict data protection compliance regime that includes consumer rights actions that must be responded to by organizations. Canadian data privacy laws contain many provisions similar to U.S. financial privacy laws and are currently undergoing legislative reform at a federal and provincial level. Quebec enacted Bill C-64, a comprehensive privacy law with extraterritorial application modeled after GDPR which imposes fines for non-compliance and became fully effective in September 2024. In May 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to Regulation S-P, which includes a requirement for broker-dealers, investment companies, RIAs, and transfer agents to adopt written policies and procedures for an incident response program with respect to unauthorized access to or use of customer information. The final amendments require these entities to notify individuals whose sensitive customer information was accessed or used without authorization no later than 30 days after becoming aware that the information has been compromised. These amendments become effective on December 21, 2025 and are not expected to have a significant impact on our business. Certain U.S. states have recently enacted privacy and data protection regulation related to the development and deployment of a